<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1136294_0001558370-23-005302.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22277118</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>3518331</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2973660</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9355389</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2299795</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3565086</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>19</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-005302.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331162601
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-005302
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Williams Industrial Services Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001136294
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HEAVY CONSTRUCTION OTHER THAN BUILDING CONST - CONTRACTORS [1600]
		IRS NUMBER:				731541378
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16501
		FILM NUMBER:		23788140

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 ASHFORD CENTER NORTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 425
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30338
		BUSINESS PHONE:		770-879-4400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 ASHFORD CENTER NORTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 425
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30338

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GLOBAL POWER EQUIPMENT GROUP INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100730

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GLOBAL POWER EQUIPMENT GROUP INC/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010309

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GEEG INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010306

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-005302.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 wlms-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 REPORT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended Commission File No. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of registrant s principal executive offices and zip code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered American Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No As of July 1, 2022, the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately (based upon the closing price on July 1, 2022 of 1.34 per share). As of March 27, 2023, there were shares of common stock of Williams Industrial Services Group Inc. outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of the Form 10 K to the extent stated herein. The Proxy Statement or an amended report on Form 10 K will be filed within 120 days of the registrant s year ended December 31, 2022. 

Table of Contents 
 Table of Contents Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 1 Part I 2 Item 1. Business . 2 Item 1A. Risk Factors . 13 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments . 27 Item 2. Properties . 28 Item 3. Legal Proceedings . 29 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures . 29 Part II 30 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 30 Item 6. [Reserved] 30 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 31 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . 44 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 44 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . 44 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures . 45 Item 9B. Other Information . 46 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 46 Part III 47 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 47 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 47 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 47 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . 47 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 47 Part IV 48 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 48 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 51 Statements we make in this Annual Report on Form 10-K where we express a belief, expectation or intention or otherwise are not limited to recounting historical facts are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those noted under the headings Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (this Form 10-K and its exhibits contain or incorporate by reference various forward-looking statements that express a belief, expectation or intention or are otherwise not statements of historical fact. Forward-looking statements generally use forward-looking words, such as may, will, could, should, would, project, believe, anticipate, expect, estimate, continue, potential, plan, forecast and other words that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of our future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, estimates and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, our actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. Investors should not place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this filing do not constitute guarantees or promises of future performance. The following important factors could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements: our ability to continue to implement our liquidity improvement plan and to continue as a going concern; our level of indebtedness and our ability to make interest and principal payments on our debt and satisfy the amended financial and other covenants contained in our amended debt facilities, as well as our ability to engage in certain transactions and activities due to limitations and covenants contained in such facilities; our ability to generate sufficient cash resources to continue funding operations, including investments in working capital required to support growth-related commitments that we make to our customers, and the possibility that we may be unable to obtain any additional funding as needed or incur losses from operations in the future; the results of our ongoing strategic alternatives review process; our ability to obtain adequate surety bonding and letters of credit; our ability to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures in the future; our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, skilled workers, and key officers; failure to successfully implement or realize our business strategies, plans and objectives of management, and liquidity, operating and growth initiatives and opportunities, including any expansion into new markets, and our ability to identify potential candidates for, and consummate, acquisition, disposition, or investment transactions (including any that may result from our review of strategic alternatives); the loss of one or more of our significant customers; our competitive position; market outlook and trends in our industry, including the possibility of reduced investment in, or increased regulation of, nuclear power plants and declines in public infrastructure construction and reductions in government funding, including funding by state and local agencies; costs exceeding estimates we use to set fixed-price contracts; harm to our reputation or profitability due to, among other things, internal operational issues, poor subcontractor performance or subcontractor insolvency; potential insolvency or financial distress of third parties, including our customers and suppliers; our contract backlog and related amounts to be recognized as revenue; our ability to maintain our safety record, the risks of potential liability and adequacy of insurance; adverse changes in our relationships with suppliers, vendors, and subcontractors, including increases in cost, disruption of supply or shortage of labor, freight, equipment or supplies, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical conditions and other economic factors; compliance with environmental, health, safety and other related laws and regulations, including those related to climate change; limitations or modifications to indemnification regulations of the U.S.; our expected financial condition, future cash flows, results of operations and future capital and other expenditures; the impact of unstable market and economic conditions on our business, financial condition and stock price, including inflationary cost pressures, supply chain disruptions and constraints, labor shortages, the effects of the Ukraine-Russia conflict and ongoing impact of COVID-19, and a possible recession; our ability to meet publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business, key metrics and future operating results; information technology vulnerabilities and cyberattacks on our networks; our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, those relating to privacy and anti-bribery; 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 our ability to successfully implement our new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system; our participation in multiemployer pension plans; the impact of any disruptions resulting from the expiration of collective bargaining agreements; the impact of natural disasters, which may be exacerbated as a result of climate change, and other severe catastrophic events; the impact of corporate citizenship and environmental, social and governance matters; the impact of changes in tax regulations and laws, including future income tax payments and utilization of net operating loss and foreign tax credit carryforwards; volatility of the market price for our common stock; our ability to maintain our stock exchange listing; the effects of anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and Delaware law; the impact of future offerings or sales of our common stock on the market price of such stock; the potential impact of activist stockholder actions; expected outcomes of legal or regulatory proceedings (whether claims made by or against us) and their anticipated effects on our results of operations; and any other statements regarding future growth, future cash needs, future operations, business plans and future financial results. 
 These forward-looking statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions, and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including unpredictable or unanticipated factors that we have not discussed in this Form 10-K. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. Investors should consider the areas of risk and uncertainty described above, as well as those discussed below under Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors. Except as may be required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, and we caution investors not to rely upon them unduly. Some of the market and industry data contained in this Form 10-K is based on independent industry publications or other publicly available information. Although we believe that these independent sources are relevant and reliable, we have not independently verified and cannot assure you as to the accuracy or completeness of this information. As a result, you should be aware that the market and industry data contained herein, and our beliefs and estimates based on such data, may not be reliable. Part I Item 1. Busines s. Overview Williams Industrial Services Group Inc. (together with its wholly owned subsidiaries, Williams, the Company, we, us or our , unless the context indicates otherwise) was initially formed in 1998 as GEEG Inc., a Delaware corporation, and in 2001 changed its name to Global Power Equipment Group Inc., and, as part of a reorganization, became the successor to GEEG Holdings, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company. Effective June 29, 2018, the Company changed its name to Williams Industrial Services Group Inc. to better align its name with the Williams business, and the Company s stock trades on the NYSE American LLC (the NYSE American under the ticker symbol WLMS. Williams has been safely helping plant owners and operators enhance asset value for more than 50 years. It provides a broad range of infrastructure services including construction, maintenance, and support, to customers in energy, power, and industrial end markets. The Company s mission is to be the preferred provider of construction, maintenance, and specialty services through commitment to superior safety performance, focus on innovation, and dedication to delivering unsurpassed value to its customers. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Our Strategy Beginning in 2016, we shifted our strategy to become a preferred provider of construction, maintenance, and specialty infrastructure services, to exit all product manufacturing businesses and to use the proceeds from the sales to reduce and restructure our term debt, and during 2018, we completed the restructuring of our Company and began expanding our services. This resulted in us selling our wholly owned subsidiaries, Hetsco Holdings, Inc. and Hetsco, Inc. in January 2017 and our Mechanical Solutions segment and liquidating, in a Chapter 7 bankruptcy process, the entity comprising the Electrical Solutions segment in 2017 and 2018, respectively. The Mechanical Solutions and Electrical Solutions segments qualified as discontinued operations for all periods presented. This allowed us to review financial information presented on a company-wide basis as a single reporting segment which is comprised of Williams Industrial Services Group, LLC and related subsidiaries (collectively, the Williams business ). Unless otherwise specified, the financial information and discussion in this Form 10-K are based on our continuing operations (previously referred to as our Services segment); they exclude any results of our discontinued operations. Please refer to Note 5 Changes in Business to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K for additional information. In 2018, we implemented major cost reduction initiatives to reduce our overhead costs, including restructuring and consolidating our corporate functions, and began working on a comprehensive strategic plan to grow and improve our business, which was finalized in early 2019. Our strategy has been focused on a comprehensive plan to grow and improve our operations, strengthen our core competencies, aggressively manage working capital, and reduce costs in order to improve liquidity and reduce debt. Our common stock now trades on the NYSE American under the ticker symbol WLMS . On December 16, 2020, we entered into new credit facilities which included senior secured term loan facilities in an aggregate principal amount of up to 50.0 million (collectively, the Term Loan ), consisting of a 35.0 million closing date term loan facility and up to 15.0 million of borrowing under a delayed draw term loan facility with EICF Agent LLC EICF ), an affiliate of Energy Impact Partners, as agent, and CION Investment Corporation as lender and co-lead arranger, and the other lenders party thereto, and a senior secured asset-based revolving line of credit of up to 30.0 million (the Revolving Credit Facility with PNC Bank, National Association PNC ), which refinanced and replaced our previous credit facilities. The original delayed draw term loan facility expired in June 2022. The Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility mature on December 16, 2025. In connection with the refinancing, the Company repaid the outstanding balance of the prior facilities and all interest in full. For additional information, please refer to Note 11 Debt to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. During November 2021, we changed our corporate management structure in an effort to reinforce our customer focus and strengthen operations, and, among other changes, added a Chief Operating Officer and a Vice President of Safety. Our Chief Financial Officer was appointed Chief Operating Officer and our Corporate Controller was appointed Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, in 2022, the Company promoted its Senior Vice President of Energy and Industrial to Executive Vice President of Business Development. We are enhancing our management methods to provide additional process capabilities and focus on customer relations and sales. In early 2022, we lost a major contract with a customer in Canada, and as a result, we exited the Canadian market. This customer contributed 12 of our revenue and approximately 15 of our gross margin in 2021. In addition, in February 2022, we lost a major multi-year contract with a customer within the nuclear decommissioning market contributing to a loss of approximately 374.6 million in backlog for the years 2022 through 2029. We continue to target other growth opportunities within our end markets with greater customer focus and strengthened operational effectiveness. This loss was not a result of performance and does not diminish the Company s ability to serve its customers. Please refer to Item 1. Business under Backlog included in this Form 10-K for additional information. In the third quarter of 2022, management assessed the Company s financial condition, resulting in the Company developing a liquidity plan to alleviate the substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern during 2023. Further, as a result of the Company being unable to comply with its debt covenants and in an effort to address its liquidity constraints, the Company amended its Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility and entered into two unsecured promissory notes (the Wynnefield Notes in favor of Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP I (collectively, the Wynnefield Lenders during the first quarter of 2023. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, we have engaged an investment banking firm to explore a range of strategic alternatives for the Company to maximize shareholder value, which could include a potential sale. We have not set a timetable for the conclusion of this review, nor made decisions related to further actions or possible strategic alternatives. There can be no assurance that the exploration of strategic alternatives will result in the identification or consummation of any transaction, or that any strategic alternative identified, evaluated and consummated will provide the anticipated benefits or otherwise preserve or enhance stockholder value. If the Company s liquidity improvement plan and the January 9, 2023 and February 24, 2023 amendments to the Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility do not have the intended effect of addressing the Company s liquidity problems through its review of strategic alternatives, including if the Company is unable to obtain future advances under the discretionary delayed draw term loans, the Company will continue to consider all strategic alternatives, including restructuring or refinancing its debt, seeking additional debt or equity capital, reducing or delaying the Company s business activities and strategic initiatives, or selling assets, other strategic transactions and/or other measures, including obtaining relief under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully implement its liquidity improvement plan and obtain necessary debt or equity financing to address the Company s liquidity challenges and continue operations until the Company returns to generating positive cash flow or is otherwise able to execute on a transaction pursuant to its review of strategic alternatives, including a potential sale of the Company. For additional information, please refer to Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 2 Liquidity , Note 11 Debt and Note 18 Subsequent Events to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. Our Business We provide a comprehensive range of infrastructure services, including construction, maintenance, and support, to customers in energy, power, and industrial end markets. We provide these services both on a constant presence basis and for discrete projects. The services we provide are designed to improve or sustain operating efficiencies and extend the useful lives of these plants and facilities. Our services include the following: Plant Maintenance, Modification and Construction . We perform a full range of critical services, including maintenance, modification, repair and other capital project services designed to extend the life cycles of nuclear, paper, chemical, fossil fuel, industrial gas, hydro power, natural gas and other facilities for customers in energy, power and industrial end markets. The Company is in the process of exiting the chemical end market based on its underperforming chemical projects. Water/Wastewater System New Installation, Expansions and Modifications. We install, maintain, and modify water and wastewater systems, including piping, pumping, storage tank and other related facilities. Due to a 6 million write-down in revenue in the fourth quarter of 2022 relating to our two largest Florida water contracts, the Company is no longer pursuing any fixed price water projects. These two projects will generate revenue without any gross margin until completion in the second and fourth quarter of 2023. Painting and Coatings . We perform cleaning, surface preparation, coatings application, quality control and inspection testing on major coating projects for nuclear and fossil fuel power plants, industrial facilities, and petrochemical plants. Insulation . We provide a variety of industrial insulation services, primarily in power generation installations. Asbestos and Lead Abatement . We provide abatement services for the removal of asbestos and heavy metal-based coatings such as lead paint. We do not take ownership of hazardous materials and do not assume responsibility for the liability associated with the materials other than for our actions meeting applicable statutory and regulatory requirements. Roofing Systems . We replace, repair and upgrade industrial facility roofing systems, primarily at pulp and paper manufacturing facilities and nuclear power plant locations. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Analog to Digital Conversions . We provide services to convert analog control systems to digital control systems to enhance reliability and accuracy, and increase output of operating plants. Utilities will continue to make significant capital investments in these upgrades throughout the industry. We have extensive experience in performing these upgrades, based on our successful history of completing several projects across our fleet of customers. Moreover, we see substantial opportunity to leverage our experience with performing these projects in the future as the industry continues to invest in these upgrades. Transmission and Distribution and Substation Construction and Maintenance. We provide quality maintenance and construction services to support the Electric Distribution and Substation Industry by offering a full range of capabilities that provided continuous, cost-effective solutions for overhead and underground distribution lines and substations. Due to our underperformance in the transmission and distribution business in Florida and Connecticut, the Company is no longer pursuing any new projects in these markets. We have exited the Florida transmission and distribution market during the first quarter of 2023 and we are in the process of exiting the Connecticut transmission and distribution market. Decommissioning. We have provided decommissioning services to U.S. nuclear stations that have been retired. Several U.S. nuclear stations have already been shut down, and several more shutdowns are planned. After shutdown, the plants must be decommissioned. This process takes many years. We have worked with owners and prime contractors for decommissioning work and are targeting the decommissioning market as it grows. We are also exploring opportunities related to the decommissioning of fossil power plants. Nuclear Power Plant Services and New Nuclear Power Plant Construction. We are one of a limited number of companies qualified to perform comprehensive services anywhere in U.S. nuclear power facilities under the rules issued by the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (the NRC ). Additionally, we are one of only a small number of contractors with a qualified and audited Nuclear Quality Assurance NQA-1 Program, which is required to perform construction of Safety related systems in new nuclear power plants. Through our Appendix B Program and other programs, we provide training, certifications, and ongoing safety monitoring to all of our employees working at nuclear sites and have been one of the leading providers of coatings at U.S. nuclear facilities for over 40 years. Under the rules issued by the NRC, owners of nuclear facilities must qualify contractors by requiring the contractors to demonstrate that they will comply with NRC regulations on quality assurance, reporting of safety issues, security and control of personnel access and conduct. For the majority of our maintenance and project work, we directly hire the labor and provide the management and supervision to perform the work directly for the owner. In some cases, we act as a general contractor and subcontract portions of the work or, alternatively, subcontract our services to full scope engineering, procurement, and construction EPC firms or general contractor firms. We maintain good relationships with the utilities, the EPC firms, the general contractor firms, and relevant engineering firms. 
 The Biden administration s key focus is to reduce fossil fuel emissions in the United States power sector and to drive the development of zero-carbon technologies and domestic clean energy supply chains. This led to the establishment of subsidies at the federal level for the nation s nuclear generating fleet. The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act established a 6 billion Nuclear Credit Program, which when fully implemented, will provide credits to subsidize the operation of qualifying units. Additionally, the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law containing nearly 369 billion in climate and clean energy investments and a ten year extension and modification of key tax Credits which includes, among other credits, the Nuclear Power Production Credit which is estimated to be worth approximately 30 billion. We provide these services throughout the U.S., primarily on a direct hire basis, with experienced craft laborers who are directed and managed by an experienced team of supervisors and project managers across our network. We also act as a general contractor where we manage multiple subcontractors and, in other cases, we are retained as a subcontractor on a project. Our flexible staffing model enables us to meet seasonal and outage demand without being restricted by internal capacity limitations, thereby minimizing our fixed costs. We bid against other contractors based on customer specifications. Fixed-price contracts present certain inherent risks, including the possibility of ambiguities in the specifications received, problems with new technologies and economic and other changes that may occur over the contract period. Alternatively, because of efficiencies that may be realized during the contract term, fixed-price contracts may offer greater profit potential than cost-plus contracts. In 2022, 78.5 of our revenue was generated from cost-plus contracts that provide for reimbursement of costs incurred plus an amount of profit. The remaining 21.5 of our revenue was generated from fixed-price contracts. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Safety For over 15 years, we have maintained a safety record in the top quartile of the industry, benefiting both us and our customers. We also maintain a broad range of professional certifications and memberships in national organizations relevant to the performance of many of the specialized services we provide. We use the Total Recordable Incident Rate TRIR to measure safety, which is calculated by multiplying the number of recordable incidents by 200,000 and dividing that number by the total hours worked each year. This metric is also used by others in our industry, which allows for a more objective comparison of our performance. Our TRIR was 0.43 and 0.61 during fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. We continue to maintain safety measures necessary to preserve the health and wellbeing of our workforce. Market Overview Power Generation Market and the Industrial Services Industry . The U.S. industrial services industry is a multi-billion dollar industry, broadly defined as routine modification, maintenance and technical services provided to industrial facilities ranging from manufacturing facilities to power generation plants. The industry continues to benefit from a shift towards outsourcing as plant operators seek to alleviate financial constraints, reduce labor costs, increase labor utilization and productivity, and eliminate operational redundancies. We expect that power industry demand for these services will be driven by the following factors in the future: Aging Power Generation Infrastructure Increases Demand for Plant Maintenance and Decommissioning Services . According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration (the EIA ), more than half of the electrical generating capacity in the U.S. was placed in service before 1990. Coupled with the relatively limited number of large-scale power generation facilities being constructed in the U.S., the efforts to maintain older plants of all types and to take advantage of newer and more efficient technologies at existing sites result in opportunities for companies providing services to plant operators. Although natural gas prices are expected to remain elevated, driving higher electricity prices, the outlook for natural gas generation is expected to remain steady over the near term, due to continuing constrains on coal-fired power from rapid plant retirements and low inventories, according to Fitch research. 
 Additionally, at the end of December 2021, the United States had 93 operating commercial nuclear reactors at 55 nuclear power plants in 28 states. The average age of these nuclear reactors is about 40 years old. Although in 2022 there were fewer operating nuclear reactors than in 2012, from 2013 through 2019, annual nuclear generation capacity and electricity generation increased each year (except in 2017) even as the number of operating reactors declined according to the EIA. Power plant uprates modifications to increase capacity at nuclear power plants have made it possible for the entire operating nuclear reactor fleet to maintain a relatively consistent total electricity generation capacity. These uprates, combined with high-capacity utilization rates (or capacity factors), have helped nuclear power plants maintain a consistent share of about 20 of total annual U.S. electricity generation since 1990. Some reactors have also increased annual electricity generation by shortening the length of time reactors are offline for refueling. While the remainder of the operating plants are planned to operate 60 to 80 years with a stable amount of required generating capacity, utilities plan to invest in maintenance, modification, and upgrades to enable continued operations. Older nuclear reactors require extensive ongoing engineering and maintenance services to support operations and improve performance. Nuclear power plants in the U.S. are subject to a rigorous program of NRC oversight, inspection, preventive and corrective maintenance, equipment replacement and equipment testing. Nuclear power plants are required to go offline to refuel at intervals of no more than 24 months and to perform condition monitoring and preventive maintenance during every refueling outage. While decommissioning work on retired nuclear reactors provides opportunities for growth, the focus is on extending the life of plants through capital improvements. North America Infrastructure Growth . Oil and natural gas production remains at historically high levels, and is expected to continue until 2050, according to the EIA. The United States continues to be an integral part of the global oil and natural gas markets and a significant source of global supply. Increased levels of crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquid production and accelerated new build and expansion of pipeline and related infrastructure to reduce transportation bottlenecks have combined to supply additional petroleum products to key markets. Infrastructure growth and modifications provide opportunities for us to assist in the construction and maintenance of these facilities. 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 Standby and Distributed Power Generation . Unlike central station generation, standby and distributed power generation equipment can sit on either side of the utility meter and may be owned by a utility, a customer or a third party. Peak energy demand requirements and higher costs, as well as transmission and distribution infrastructure limits, are driving investment into this space. The growth in industries with high power demand and sensitivity to power supply instability, such as datacenters, medical centers, universities and remotely located industrial loads, are straining the traditional power infrastructure. The electric power needs for these markets have historically been served by small-scale utility-owned diesel or gas engine generators strategically located to support distributed system operations. The power supply is trending toward larger (greater than 1,000 kilowatts) diesel engine generator systems and expanding into alternative energy assets. Water and Wastewater Treatment Infrastructure Maintenance and Capital Improvements Demand . In the fourth quarter of 2022, we decided to exit our Florida water business. This was largely based on a 6 million write-down in revenue on our two largest water projects in Florida. The Company is no longer pursuing water projects. These two projects are scheduled to be completed in the second and fourth quarter of 2023, respectively. 
 Customers, Marketing and Seasonality Our customers include major private and government-owned utilities throughout the U.S., as well as leaders in the U.S. pulp and paper and industrial sectors. We market our services using dedicated sales and marketing personnel as well as our experienced on-site operations personnel. We use our safety and service track record with long-term renewable contracts to expand our services and supplement existing contracts with small- to medium-sized capital projects. Our sales initiatives directly seek to apply operational strengths to specific facilities within our targeted industries and customers throughout the U.S. We are impacted by seasonality, resulting in fluctuations in revenue and gross profit during our fiscal year. Generally, this is driven by our customers schedule of planned outages which are typically scheduled for every other year. We depend on a relatively small number of customers for a significant portion of our revenue, and the loss of any of those customers could have a material adverse effect on our business. For a listing of our major customers, please refer to Note 16 Major Customers and Concentration of Credit Risk to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. In early 2022, we lost a major contract with a customer in Canada, and as a result, we exited the Canadian market. This customer contributed 12 of our revenue and approximately 15 of our gross margin in 2021. In addition, the Company lost a multi-year contract within the nuclear decommissioning market in February 2022 that contributed to a loss of approximately 374.6 million of backlog for the years 2022 through 2029. This contract did not represent a material amount of gross profit. Please refer to Item 1. Business under Backlog in this Form 10-K for additional information. Materials and Suppliers The markets for most of the materials we use are served by a large number of suppliers, and we believe that we can obtain required materials from more than one supplier. Although we are not dependent on any single supplier, vendor or subcontractor, our ability to obtain necessary supplies to complete our projects is contingent on our ability to successfully implement our liquidity plan. For additional information, please refer to Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 2 Liquidity to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. Competition Our competitors vary depending on geography and the scope of services to be rendered. Several national service providers, which are significantly larger and have significantly greater financial resources than we do, will often compete for larger maintenance and capital project opportunities that become available. These service providers include, among others, Allied Power, BHI Energy and Day Zimmermann. Additionally, smaller contractors that operate on a regional basis often compete for smaller opportunities associated with open shop labor sources. We compete based on reputation, safety, price, service, quality, and our breadth of service capabilities. We believe our strong reputation, longevity in the industry, project management capabilities, including service diversity, long-term customer relationships, safety record and performance, and our success at identifying and retaining qualified personnel differentiate us from our competitors. We also believe that the fact that we maintain a presence at several of our customers sites is a competitive advantage because it provides us with an intimate understanding of these facilities, which allows us to better identify our customers service needs. Specific to our customers that operate nuclear power plants, barriers to entry include the requirement to hold and maintain the rigorous NRC qualifications and safety standards. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Insurance We maintain insurance coverage for various aspects of our operations; however, we remain exposed to potential losses because we are subject to deductibles, coverage limits and retention requirements. Typically, our contracts require us to indemnify our customers for third party injury, damage or loss arising from the performance of our services and provide for warranties for materials and workmanship. We may also be required to name the customer as an additional insured up to the limits of insurance available, or we may be required to purchase special insurance policies for specific customers. We maintain performance and payment bonding lines to support our business. In rare cases we may provide a letter of credit in lieu of a bond to satisfy performance and financial guarantees on a project. We generally require all subcontractors working with us at a customer s location to indemnify us and our customers and name us as an additional insured for activities arising out of such subcontractors work. We also require certain subcontractors to provide additional insurance policies, including surety bonds in favor of us, to secure such subcontractors work or as required by contract. It is possible that our insurance and the additional insurance coverage provided by our subcontractors will not fully protect us against a valid claim or loss under the contracts with our customers. Intellectual Property As of December 31, 2022, we used the Williams trade name and its logo. We have registered federal trademarks related to certain Company logos as well as registered trademarks related to certain Company logos in Canada. We presently have no U.S. patents in force. We rely on trade secret laws and employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements to protect our intellectual property rights. This Form 10-K may refer to brand names, trademarks, service marks and trade names of other companies and organizations, and those brand names, trademarks, service marks and trade names are the property of their respective owners. Compliance with Government Regulations We are subject to certain federal, state, and local environmental, occupational health and nuclear regulatory laws applicable in the U.S. We also purchase materials and equipment from third parties and engage subcontractors who are also subject to these laws and regulations. Below is a summary of certain laws and regulations applicable to our business. Environmental . We are subject to extensive and changing environmental laws and regulations in the U.S. These laws and regulations relate primarily to air and water pollutants and the management and disposal of hazardous materials. We are exposed to potential liability for personal injury or property damage caused by any release, spill, exposure, or other accident involving such pollutants, substances, or hazardous materials. Health and Safety Regulations . We are subject to the requirements of the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Act and comparable state and international laws. Regulations promulgated by these agencies require employers and independent contractors who perform construction services, including electrical and repair and maintenance, to implement work practices, medical surveillance systems and personnel protection programs to protect employees from workplace hazards and exposure to hazardous chemicals and materials. In recognition of the potential for accidents within various scopes of work, these agencies have enacted very strict and comprehensive safety regulations. NRC . Owners of nuclear power plants in the U.S. are licensed to build, operate, and maintain those plants by the NRC. Their license requires that they qualify their suppliers and contractors to ensure that the suppliers and contractors comply with NRC regulations. We must demonstrate to our customers that we comply with NRC regulations related to quality assurance, reporting of safety issues, security and control of personnel access and conduct. Department of the Treasury . The Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions based on U.S. foreign policy and national security goals against targeted foreign countries and regimes, terrorists, international narcotics traffickers, those engaged in activities related to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, and other threats to the national security, foreign policy or economy of the United States. A failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in civil or criminal sanctions, including the imposition of fines and suspension or debarment from participation in U.S. government contracts. 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 While we believe that we operate safely and prudently and in material compliance with all environmental, occupational health, nuclear regulatory and other applicable laws, there can be no assurance that accidents will not occur or that we will not incur substantial liability in connection with the operation of our business. We do not anticipate any material capital expenditures or material adverse effect on earnings or cash flows as a result of complying with these laws. Backlog The services we provide are typically carried out under construction contracts, long-term maintenance contracts and master service agreements. Total backlog represents the dollar amount of revenue expected to be recorded in the future for work performed under awarded contracts. Revenue estimates included in our backlog can be subject to change as a result of project accelerations, cancellations or delays due to various factors, including, but not limited to, the customer s budgetary constraints and adverse weather. These factors can also cause revenue amounts to be recognized in different periods and at levels other than those originally projected. Additional work that is not identified under the original contract is added to our estimated backlog when we reach an agreement with the customer as to the scope and pricing of that additional work. Backlog is reduced as work is performed and revenue is recognized, or upon cancellation. Backlog is not a measure defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. GAAP ), and our methodology for determining backlog may vary from the methodology used by other companies in determining their backlog amounts. Backlog may not be indicative of future operating results and projects in our backlog may be cancelled, modified, or otherwise altered by our customers. We utilize our calculation of backlog to assist in measuring aggregate awards under existing contractual relationships with our customers. We believe our backlog disclosures will assist investors in better understanding this estimate of the services to be performed pursuant to awards by our customers under existing contractual relationships. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes our backlog on December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Cost plus 291,894 559,417 Lump sum 41,309 72,276 Total 333,203 631,693 Backlog as of December 31, 2022 decreased 298.5 million, or 47.3 , from December 31, 2021, which was primarily driven by the loss of a multi-year contract within the nuclear decommissioning market in February 2022, contributing to a loss of approximately 374.6 million in backlog for the years 2022 through 2029. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 130.1 million, or 39.1 , of the total backlog was related to nuclear projects, 128.1 million, or 38.5 , was related to fossil projects, 27.4 million, or 8.2 , was related to energy delivery projects, 24.0 million, or 7.2 , was related to water and wastewater projects, 19.1 million, or 5.7 , was related to decommissioning projects and the remaining 4.5 million was related to pulp and paper and chemical projects. As of December 31, 2021, approximately 122.8 million, or 19.4 , of the total backlog was related to nuclear projects, 14.2 million, or 2.2 , was related to fossil projects, 27.2 million, or 4.3 , was related to energy delivery projects, 40.4 million, or 6.4 , was related to water and wastewater projects and 424.8 million, or 67.2 , was related to decommissioning projects and the remaining 2.3 million was related to pulp and paper and chemical projects. The following table summarizes our estimated backlog conversion period: 

Estimated Conversion Period (in thousands) 2023 Thereafter Total Cost plus 137,527 154,367 291,894 Lump sum 41,061 248 41,309 Total 178,588 154,615 333,203 For additional discussion of our backlog, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risk Factors Related to Our Operations. Employees We believe our employees are our greatest asset. Our business success is dependent upon our ability to attract, develop, and retain high performing talent by providing a culture that is built on our core values of safety, integrity, excellence, and results. Along with our core values, we act in accordance with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics requires a commitment from employees, officers and directors at the Company and its subsidiaries to conduct business honestly and ethically. Among other things, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics encourages employees to talk to supervisors, managers, or other appropriate personnel, including the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, or the General Counsel, about observed illegal or unethical behavior and the best course of action in a particular situation. The Company has a confidential hotline administered by an outside firm that an employee can call or visit on the internet to anonymously submit a report in the event he or she has ethical concerns or suspects instances of misconduct. For over 15 years, we have maintained a safety record in the top quartile of the industry, benefiting both us and our customers. We also maintain a broad range of professional certifications and memberships in national organizations relevant to the performance of many of the services we provide. We have implemented a robust human performance strategy that focuses on organizational factors, job-site conditions, individual behavior, and results. This strategy has contributed to a highly reliable organizational culture that has produced and consistently sustained positive results. As of December 31, 2022, we had 506 full-time employees (excluding temporary staff and craft labor), and we did not have any part-time employees. The number of our employees, including temporary staff and craft labor, fluctuates greatly, depending on the timing and requirements for craft labor. Many of the craft labor employees are employed through various union agreements. As of December 31, 2022, there were 758 craft labor employees, of which 644 were under collective-bargaining agreements. We believe that our relationships with our employees, both full-time and temporary, are satisfactory. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Information about our Executive Officers The following information is being furnished with respect to the Company s executive officers as of March 31, 2023: 

Name Position Tracy D. Pagliara President and Chief Executive Officer and Director Randall R. Lay Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Charles E. Wheelock Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Damien A. Vassall Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dawn A. Jenkins Vice President, Human Resources Michael J. Bruno Executive Vice President, Business Development Tracy D. Pagliara , 60, has served as our President and CEO starting in April 2018, having previously served as Co-President and Co-CEO from July 2017 through April 2018. Mr. Pagliara has also served as a member of our Board of Directors since July 2017. Prior to July 2017, he served as our Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary from January 2014, and also as Senior Vice President from November 2015. He previously served as our General Counsel, Secretary and Vice President of Business Development from April 2010 through December 2013. Prior to joining the Company in April 2010, Mr. Pagliara served as the Chief Legal Officer of Gardner Denver, Inc., a leading global manufacturer of highly engineered compressors, blowers, pumps and other fluid transfer equipment, from August 2000 through August 2008. He also had responsibility for other roles during his tenure with Gardner Denver, including Vice President of Administration, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary. Prior to joining Gardner Denver, Mr. Pagliara held positions of increasing responsibility in the legal departments of Verizon Communications/GTE Corporation from August 1996 to August 2000 and Kellwood Company from May 1993 to August 1996, ultimately serving in the role of Assistant General Counsel for each company. Mr. Pagliara currently serves on the board of directors and audit, compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees of Westwater Resources, Inc. (NYSE American: WWR), a diversified energy materials developer, where he has served since July 2017. He is a member of the Missouri and Illinois State Bars and a Certified Public Accountant. In addition, in accordance with customary practice, Mr. Pagliara and other officers of the Company have served as officers of the Company s various subsidiaries, although not acting in an executive role for the relevant subsidiary. As previously disclosed, such subsidiaries included Koontz-Wagner Custom Controls Holdings LLC, which filed a voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 7 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in July 2018 and ceased operations at such time. Randall R. Lay , 68, was appointed to serve as our Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer in November 2021. He previously served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and our principal financial and accounting officer from September 2019 until November 2021. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Lay served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of GEO Specialty Chemicals, Inc., a supplier of specialty chemicals and materials to the coatings, adhesives, medical, water treatment and construction markets, from December 2017 to August 2019, when it was acquired by CPS Performance Materials. From 2007 to June 2017, Mr. Lay served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Lazy Days R.V. Center, Inc. (now a subsidiary of Lazydays Holdings, Inc.), which operates RV dealerships. From 2006 through 2007, Mr. Lay served as Senior Vice President of Buccino Associates, Inc., a financial advisory and turnaround firm. Prior to that, Mr. Lay served at Universal Access Global Holdings Inc., a communications network integrator, from 2002 to 2006, including as Chief Financial Officer from June 2002 to July 2003; director and Chief Executive Officer from July 2003; and additionally, as President from November 2003 until June 2006. From October 2001 to April 2002, Mr. Lay served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Metromedia Fiber Networks, Inc., a telecommunications company. From September 1993 to September 2001, Mr. Lay was employed by International Specialty Products Inc., a global supplier of specialty chemicals, most recently as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Charles E. Wheelock , 54, has served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary since August 2019. He previously served as our Vice President, Administration, General Counsel and Secretary beginning July 2017. He joined the Company in September 2011 as Associate General Counsel and thereafter assumed roles of increasing responsibility, including Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer. He led the human resources, recruiting and labor relations groups in our Tucker, Georgia office prior to his July 2017 appointment. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Wheelock spent 10 years at General Electric Company, serving in a variety of roles in its Energy Services and Power Generation businesses. Mr. Wheelock is a member of the State Bar of Georgia. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Damien A. Vassall , 46, was appointed Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and principal financial and accounting officer in November 2021. He previously served in a variety of financial roles for the Company, including our Vice President and Controller from February 2020 until November 2021, a consultant for the Company from June 2019 to February 2020, Chief Financial Officer of our Services division from October 2015 until November 2018, and our Controller of the Services division from October 2010 to October 2015. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Vassall served at Delta Apparel, Inc., an apparel company, as a division controller from June 2008 until October 2010 and as manager of accounting and financial reporting from November 2006 through May 2008. Previously, he also served as senior associate at both Grant Thornton LLP and KPMG LLP. Dawn A. Jenkins, 51, has served as our Vice President, Human Resources since August 2021. She has served in a variety of roles at the Company and its subsidiaries since January 2007, including as our Vice President, Treasurer from December 2020 to August 2021, as Treasurer from January 2019 until December 2020, as Director, Transactional Accounting from August 2018 to January 2019, as Director ERP, Operations Support and Trade Compliance from November 2013 to August 2018, and as Assistant Director Supply Chain of a former subsidiary from January 2007 to November 2013. Michael J. Bruno , 56, has served as our Executive Vice President of Business Development since May 2022. He previously served as Senior Vice President, Energy and Industrial and Vice President, Business Development from December 2020 to May 2022. Mr. Bruno previously worked for the Company, from 2009 to 2015, holding several roles of increasing responsibility including Operations Manager, Operations Director, General Manager, and Vice President in our Williams Industrial Services division, including five years within the nuclear power market. Prior to returning to the Company in 2020, he served as Fleet Director of Maintenance Services at Day Zimmermann, a family-owned company specializing in construction and engineering, operations and maintenance, staffing, security and defense, with overall responsibility for nuclear project services at multiple facilities, as well as Director of Projects. Additionally, Mr. Bruno served in a variety of roles at General Electric in combustion turbines and plant management, domestically and internationally. Available Information We file reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished to the SEC pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The SEC maintains an Internet site, www.sec.gov, which contains the Company s reports, proxy and information statements and other information we have filed electronically with the SEC. We make available on our website, www.wisgrp.com, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to these reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the reports with, or furnish them to the SEC. The information disclosed on our website is not incorporated by this reference and is not a part of this Form 10-K. The following corporate governance related documents are also available free on our website: Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; Corporate Governance Guidelines; Related Party Transactions Policy; Charter of the Audit Committee; Charter of the Compensation Committee; Charter of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee; and Procedures for Reporting Complaints Regarding Accounting or Auditing Matters of Williams Industrial Group Inc. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be impacted by one or more of the following factors, any of which could cause actual results to vary materially from historical and current results or anticipated future results. The disclosure of any risk factor should not be interpreted to imply that the risk has not already materialized. There may be additional risks that are not presently material or known. Risk Factors Related to Our Liquidity and Capital Resources Our ability to continue to operate as a going concern depends on our ability to successfully implement our liquidity plan and, if necessary, raise additional capital in the future to continue funding our operations. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on our ability to successfully implement our liquidity plan, which includes taking steps to address profitability of non-performing businesses, aggressively reducing operating expenses, shortening the collection cycle time on the Company s accounts receivable, and lengthening the payment cycle time on its accounts payable. The Company has continued to experience material intra-week liquidity pressure as it has attempted to manage the short-term negative cash flows that result from, among other things, having to fund significant weekly craft labor payrolls on large outage projects before those payrolls can be billed to the Company s customers and collected. Although the Company has utilized the Revolving Credit Facility to address such time period negative cash flows, contract terms restricting customer invoicing frequency, delays in customer payments, and underlying surety bonds have negatively impacted the Company s borrowing base and the availability of funds, and the Company has been required to amend its credit facilities to amend the covenants and to obtain additional capital. While management believes its liquidity plan alleviates the substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern during the ensuing twelve-month period, the Company cannot provide any assurance that it will be able to implement its liquidity plan successfully or, even if successfully implemented, that the plan will ultimately result in the Company continuing as a going concern. While the recent amendments to the Company s existing credit facilities and additional debt incurred may permit the Company to operate while it continues to engage in its process to explore strategic alternatives to maximize value for the Company and its shareholders or other stakeholders, additional liquidity support may be necessary. If the Company is unable to address any potential liquidity shortfalls that may arise in the future, it will need to seek additional funding from third party sources, which may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all, and the Company s inability to obtain this capital or execute an alternative solution to its liquidity needs could have a material adverse effect on the Company s shareholders and creditors. In addition, any such additional funding could only be obtained in compliance with the restrictions contained in the agreements governing the Company s existing indebtedness. If the Company is unable to comply with its covenants applicable to its indebtedness, or otherwise is unable to meet its obligations under such indebtedness, the Company s liquidity would be further adversely affected. In addition, such occurrences could result in an event of default under such indebtedness and the potential acceleration of outstanding indebtedness thereunder and the potential foreclosure on the collateral securing such debt, and would likely cause a cross-default under the Company s other outstanding indebtedness or obligations. If the liquidity plan and recent amendments to agreements governing the Company s indebtedness do not have the intended effect of addressing the Company s liquidity problems through its review of strategic alternatives, including if the Company is unable to obtain future advances under the discretionary delayed draw term loans, the Company will continue to consider all strategic alternatives, including restructuring or refinancing its debt, seeking additional debt or equity capital, reducing or delaying the Company s business activities and strategic initiatives, or selling assets, other strategic transactions and/or other measures, including obtaining relief under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully implement its liquidity plan and obtain necessary debt or equity financing to address the Company s liquidity challenges and continue operations until the Company returns to generating positive cash flow or is otherwise able to execute on a transaction pursuant to its review of strategic alternatives, including a potential sale of the Company. For additional information, please refer to Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 2 Liquidity to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 If we do not timely pay amounts due and comply with the covenants under our debt facilities, our business, financial condition, and ability to continue as a going concern would be materially and adversely impacted. Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The Term Loan and the Wynnefield Notes, among other things, require high interest payments, and both the Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility place encumbrances on our assets, and subject us to restrictive covenants that limit our operating flexibility. Any increase in applicable interest rates may negatively affect our cash flow and financial condition. The terms of the Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility have been structured in such a way that, if we default under one, we will also default under the other; any default under such facilities will also result in a default under the Wynnefield Notes. In the event of a continuing default, our lenders would have the right to accelerate the then-outstanding amounts under each such facility to become immediately due and payable and to exercise their respective rights and remedies to collect such amounts, which, for the senior secured lenders, would include foreclosing on collateral constituting substantially all of our assets and those of our subsidiaries. Our obligations under the Term Loan are secured by first-priority security interests in substantially all of our assets and those of our subsidiaries guaranteeing our obligations, as well as a second-priority security interest on such entities accounts receivable and inventory, while our obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility are secured by first-priority security interests on substantially all of our and certain subsidiaries accounts and a second-priority security interest in substantially all other assets of such entities, in each case subject to the terms of an intercreditor agreement. We do not currently have sufficient cash on hand to repay the outstanding balances, so if our lenders exercised their rights and remedies, we would likely be forced to seek bankruptcy protection and our investors could lose the full value of their investment in our common stock. Accordingly, a default would likely have a material adverse effect on our business. For additional information, please refer to Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 2 Liquidity , Note 11 Debt and Note 18 Subsequent Events to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. Our strategic review may not result in an executed or consummated transaction or other strategic alternative, and the process of reviewing strategic alternatives or its conclusion could adversely affect our business and our stockholders. In January 2023, we announced that we engaged an investment banking firm to explore a range of strategic alternatives for us to maximize shareholder value, which could include a potential sale. We are actively working with financial advisors and legal counsel in connection with this strategic review process. Any potential transaction or other strategic alternative would be dependent on a number of factors that may be beyond our control, including, among other things, market conditions, industry trends, regulatory approvals, and the availability of financing for a potential transaction on reasonable terms, as well as our ability to continue to fund our operations throughout the review process. The process of reviewing potential strategic alternatives may be time consuming, distracting and disruptive to our business operations, which may cause concern to our current or potential employees, investors, strategic partners and other constituencies and may have a material impact on our business and operating results and/or result in increased volatility in our stock price. It could also expose us to potential litigation in connection with this process or any resulting transaction. We have and will continue to incur substantial expenses associated with identifying, evaluating and negotiating potential strategic alternatives. Further, the process may affect our ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel, business partners, and other stakeholders important to our success. No decision has been made with respect to any transaction, and there can be no assurance that the exploration of strategic alternatives will result in the identification or consummation of any transaction, or that any strategic alternative identified, evaluated and consummated will provide the anticipated benefits or otherwise preserve or enhance stockholder value. Until the review process is concluded, perceived uncertainties related to our future may result in the loss of potential business opportunities and volatility in the market price of our common stock. If we are unable to consummate a transaction or other strategic alternative, and our liquidity challenges remain unresolved by growth in our business or new sources of debt or equity capital, we may file to obtain relief under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, following which other strategic transactions could be pursued. The limitations and covenants in our debt facilities constrain our ability to borrow additional money, sell assets and make acquisitions, which may impair our ability to fully implement elements of our business strategy and otherwise adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. Both the Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility contain certain limitations and covenants that limit our ability, and that of our subsidiaries, to, among other things, incur additional debt, make capital expenditures, incur liens, pay dividends or make other restricted payments, merge or sell assets, make acquisitions, and enter into transactions with affiliates. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 The Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility also include restrictive covenants, including certain financial covenants. If we do not comply with the restrictive covenants, including failing to satisfy the required financial covenants, or obtain waivers as needed, our lenders could accelerate our debt and foreclose on our assets, and our stockholders may lose the full value of an investment in our common stock. Our ability to comply with the restrictive covenants in the debt facilities depends upon our ability to successfully implement our business strategy and liquidity plan, as well as other general economic and competitive conditions and financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our business has not generated sufficient cash flow from operations to fund our cash requirements and debt service obligations, which has required us to obtain additional debt and amend our outstanding debt, and we may continue to face significant liquidity constraints. For additional information, please refer to Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 2 Liquidity , Note 11 Debt and Note 18 Subsequent Events to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. Any inability to finance our business or repay our outstanding indebtedness, including due to deterioration of the credit markets, could adversely affect our business. We intend to finance our operations with existing cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operations, the Term Loan, the Revolving Credit Facility and the Wynnefield Notes. The Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility contain a number of restrictive covenants and other terms that limit our operating flexibility. Any deterioration in the credit markets could adversely affect the ability of many of our customers to pay us on time and the ability of many of our suppliers to meet our needs on a competitive basis. Any inability to pay amounts due under our indebtedness or access necessary additional funds on acceptable terms or at all may negatively impact our business or operations. In addition, we have required, and may require in the future, additional sources of funds in order to meet our working capital requirements and fund our ongoing operations. If we are unable to access sufficient capital from our existing lenders or otherwise, our business and operations would be adversely impacted. For additional information, please refer to Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 2 Liquidity , Note 11 Debt and Note 18 Subsequent Events to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. If we become unable to obtain adequate surety bonding, or letters of credit, our ability to bid on new work could be reduced, which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our future revenue and business prospects. Consistent with industry practice, we are at times required to provide performance and payment surety bonds to customers. These bonds provide credit support for the customer if we fail to perform our obligations under the contract. If security is required for a particular project and we are unable to obtain a bond on terms commercially acceptable to us, we may not be able to pursue that project. In addition, bonding may be more difficult to obtain in the future or may only be available at significant additional cost. In addition, in line with industry practice, we are at times required to provide letters of credit. These letters of credit provide credit support for the client if we fail to perform our obligations under the contract. Each of the Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility contains restrictions on the maximum amount that may be drawn against letters of credit. The Revolving Credit Facility provides for a letter of credit sublimit in an amount up to 2.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had 0.5 million letters of credit outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility letter of credit sublimit and had 0.4 million outstanding cash collateralized standby letters of credit pursuant to our prior revolving credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, which we refinanced and replaced in June 2017. If security is required for a particular project and we are unable to obtain a letter of credit on terms commercially acceptable to us, we may not be able to pursue that project. Any inability to obtain letters of credit on commercially reasonable terms could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and business prospects. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Changes to tax regulations, laws, accounting principles, future business operations or examinations by tax authorities may adversely impact our provision for income taxes and ability to use deferred tax assets, increase our tax burden or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Changes in tax laws or exposures to additional tax liabilities could negatively impact our effective tax rate and results of operations. The evolving and at times overlapping regulatory regimes to which the Company is subject may change at any time, including as a result of changes in the U.S. political environment; for instance, various levels of government are increasingly focused on tax reform and other legislative actions to increase tax revenue, including the adoption of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which includes a new corporate alternative minimum tax of 15 for certain large companies, and the reduction in the corporate income tax rate resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act enacted into U.S. law in December 2017 could be reduced or rescinded by future tax law changes. In addition it is possible in the future that net operating loss NOL and/or interest deductibility limitations implemented under the Tax Act could have the effect of causing us to incur income tax liability sooner than we otherwise would have incurred such liability or, in certain cases, could cause us to incur income tax liability that we might otherwise not have incurred, in the absence of these tax law changes. In addition, our ability to use our deferred tax assets is subject to volatility and could be adversely affected by earnings differing materially from our projections, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, expiration of or lapses in tax credits, changes in ownership as defined by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and outcomes as a result of tax examinations or changes in tax laws, regulations and accounting principles. As a result, our income tax provisions are also subject to volatility from these changes, as well as changes in accounting for uncertain tax positions, or interpretations thereof. Significant judgment is required in determining the recognition and measurement attributes prescribed in GAAP related to accounting for income taxes. In addition, GAAP applies to all income tax positions, including the potential recovery of previously paid taxes, which, if settled unfavorably, could adversely impact our provision for income taxes or additional paid-in capital. We could also be subject to examinations of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations in determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There may be exposure that the outcomes from these examinations will have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Our ability to use NOL carryforwards or other tax attributes may be subject to limitations under the Code. As of December 31, 2022, we had U.S. federal tax NOL, foreign tax credits and general business tax credit carryforwards of 242.8 million, 3.7 million, and 0.4 million, respectively. Generally, NOL, foreign tax credit and general business credit carryforwards may be used to offset future taxable income and thereby reduce or eliminate U.S. federal income tax liabilities. Section 382 of the Code limits a corporation s ability to utilize NOL carryforwards to reduce tax liabilities if the corporation undergoes an ownership change. For these purposes, an ownership change is deemed to occur if there has been a change of more than 50 in the ownership of shareholders owning 5 or greater of the value of a corporation s stock over a three-year period. Code Section 383 applies the same limitations to foreign tax credit, general business credit and capital loss carryforwards after an ownership change. Based upon our review, we had not experienced an ownership change as defined under Code Section 382 as of December 31, 2022. If we issue additional equity in the future, an ownership change pursuant to Code Section 382 may occur. In addition, an ownership change under Code Section 382 could be caused by circumstances beyond the Company s control, such as market purchases or sales by certain 5 or greater shareholders of our stock. There is also a risk that, due to regulatory changes, such as suspensions on the use of NOLs or other unforeseen reasons, our existing NOLs could expire or otherwise be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. In addition, under the Tax Act, the amount of NOLs incurred after the end of the 2017 fiscal year that we are permitted to deduct in any taxable year is limited to 80 of our taxable income in such year, where taxable income is determined without regard to the NOL deduction itself. The Tax Act also generally eliminates the ability to carry back any NOLs to prior taxable years, while allowing post-2017 unused NOLs to be carried forward indefinitely. There is a risk that, due to changes in tax laws, regulatory changes, or other unforeseen reasons, our existing NOLs could expire or otherwise be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. Thus, there can be no assurance that the Company will not experience an ownership change which would significantly limit the utilization of the Company s NOL, foreign tax credit or general business credit carryforwards in calculating future federal tax liabilities. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Risk Factors Related to Our Operations A substantial portion of our revenue is related to services performed at nuclear power plants, and reduced investment in, or increased regulation related to, nuclear power plants could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. The demand for the services we provide at nuclear power plants is directly tied to the number of nuclear power facilities that utilize our services. Additionally, the demand for U.S. nuclear capacity and electricity generation is expected to decline due to an increase in domestic energy production supporting natural gas exports and the rapid expansion of low-cost renewable energy and new technologies in the U.S., displacing more traditional sources of power, including nuclear power. Declining demand for U.S. nuclear power generation and related construction and maintenance budgets could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, and cash flow. There are two new nuclear power plants at one U.S. site under construction, and several nuclear reactors are undergoing decommissioning. Pricing pressure has resulted in a decrease in the maintenance budgets for existing nuclear plants. In addition, decreases in state and federal government subsidies and increased regulation could negatively impact the financial viability of merchant nuclear power plants, decreasing the demand for the services we provide. If our costs exceed the estimates we use to set the fixed prices on certain of our contracts, our earnings will be reduced. Fixed-price contracts present certain inherent risks, including the possibility of ambiguities in the specifications received, erroneous or incomplete cost estimates, problems with new technologies and economic and other changes that may occur over the contract period. In addition, we have a limited ability to recover any cost overruns, such as those experienced during 2022 related to our fixed cost projects in Florida, which negatively impacted our gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022. Contract prices are established based in part on our projected costs, which are subject to a number of assumptions. The costs that we incur in connection with each contract can vary, sometimes substantially, from our original projections. Because of the large scale and complexity of our contracts, unanticipated changes may occur, such as customer budget decisions, design changes, delays in receiving permits and cost increases. Unanticipated cost increases or delays may occur as a result of several factors, including: increases in the cost of commodities, labor or freight; unanticipated technical problems; problems related to successfully managing contract performance; suppliers or subcontractors failure to perform, requiring modified execution plans or re-work; and decreases in labor efficiency realized. We often are contractually subject to liquidated damages in the event that we fail to perform our obligations in a timely manner. Such damages can be significant and may have a negative impact on our profit margins and financial results. Cost increases or overruns that we cannot pass on to our customers or our payment of liquidated damages or other penalties under our contracts will lower our earnings. In addition, increases in commodity prices may adversely affect our gross margins. If we are unable to control the delivery of services provided because of internal operational issues or poor subcontractor performances, our reputation could be adversely affected, and we could lose customers. In the event of subcontractor insolvency, if we are unable to recover any advance progress payments made to subcontractors, our profitability could be adversely affected. We rely on subcontractors to perform services on various projects for scopes of work that are outside of our current service offerings. Our subcontractors do not account for a significant percentage of our service costs. The quality and performance of our subcontractors are not entirely under our control. Our subcontractors may not always meet the requisite level of quality control or our delivery schedules. The failure of our subcontractors to perform quality services in a timely manner could adversely affect our reputation and result in the cancellation of orders for our services, significant warranty and repair costs and the loss of customers. In addition, our contracts with customers may contain liquidated damages, and triggering such provisions could result in significant financial penalties, or, even if not triggered, could affect our ability to recognize revenue in a given period. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Other potential consequences of the failure of our subcontractors to meet our standards include a potential need to change subcontractors, resulting in increased costs. At times, we make advance progress payments to subcontractors in anticipation of completion of services, and we may be unable to recover those advances if a subcontractor fails to complete the scope of work. In addition, we generally provide warranties for terms of two years or less on our services; defects with respect to services previously provided, whether caused by our actions or a subcontractor s, could require us to incur costs fixing such issues. The occurrence of any of the above may adversely affect our financial condition, profitability, and cash flow. We operate our business in regions subject to natural disasters, including hurricanes, and other severe catastrophic events, such as public health emergencies, acts of war and terrorism, and any disruption to our business resulting from such events will adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. We operate our business in regions subject to natural disasters and other extreme weather events, the nature, frequency and severity of which may be negatively impacted by climate change, and other severe catastrophic events. Any disaster could adversely affect our ability to conduct business and provide services to our customers, including damage to work sites, and the insurance we maintain may not be adequate to cover our losses resulting from any business interruption due to a natural disaster or other catastrophic events. Such events could also reduce the availability or increase the cost of insurance. These and any future disruptions to our operations, including outbreak of contagious diseases and other adverse public health developments, epidemics or pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, civil unrest, geopolitical instability, acts of war, terrorism or other force majeure, could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. Although preventative measures may help to mitigate damage, we cannot provide any assurance that any measures we may take will be successful, and delays in recovery may be significant. Our business has been affected by numerous economic factors, including inflation, volatile financial markets, supply chain disruptions and shortages of materials and labor. Economic conditions, including inflation, supply chain disruptions and labor and materials shortages, have negatively impacted us, and may continue to do so in the future. Following the onset of the pandemic and with the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia in Europe, there has been a high degree of volatility in commodity and energy markets that affects our customers businesses. In addition, inflationary factors, such as increases in the labor costs, material costs, and overhead costs, may also adversely affect our financial position and operating results. Inflation in the United States has reached multi-decade highs and has been increasing since 2021. In some cases, we have had to bid more competitively than before to win work, which has compressed margins given the higher inflation. Additionally, in March 2023, the FDIC took control and was appointed receiver of Silicon Valley Bank and New York Signature Bank. While the Company does not have any direct exposure to these banks, if other banks and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to financial conditions affecting the banking system and financial markets, our operations may be negatively impacted, including any inability on our part, or on our customers parts, to access cash, cash equivalents or investments. Inflation, increases in interest rates and energy costs, bank failures, and other economic factors may have the effect of further increasing economic uncertainty and heightening the risks caused by volatility in financial markets, which may result in economic downturn or recession. We may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. The industry in which we operate is highly competitive. Some of our competitors and potential competitors are less leveraged than we are, have greater financial or other resources than we have and may be better able to withstand adverse market conditions within the industry. Our competitors typically compete aggressively on the basis of pricing, and such competition may continue to impact our ability to attract and retain customers or maintain the rates we charge. To the extent that we choose to match our competitors prices, it may result in lower margins and, as a result, could harm our results of operations. Should we choose not to match, or remain within a reasonable competitive distance from, our competitors pricing, our sales volume would likely decrease, which could harm our results of operations. In addition, our future growth will depend on our ability to gauge the direction of the commercial and technological progress in our markets that may be adopted by our competitors. However, any such developments would likely require additional financing, and we may not be able to obtain the necessary financing on acceptable terms, if at all. A failure to keep pace with our competitors or the technological innovations in the markets we serve could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Our future revenue and operating results may vary significantly from reporting period to reporting period. Our quarterly and annual revenue and earnings have varied in the past and are likely to vary in the future. Our service contracts contain customer-specific commercial terms that, coupled with other factors beyond our control, may result in uneven recognition of revenue and earnings over time. Customer-imposed delays can significantly impact the timing of revenue recognition and lengthen our cash conversion cycle, which can negatively impact our ability to fund our operations. Due to our relatively large average contract size, our volume during any given period may be concentrated to relatively few contracts, intensifying the magnitude of these fluctuations. Furthermore, some of our operating costs are fixed. As a result, we may have limited ability to reduce our operating costs in response to unanticipated decreases in our revenue or the demand for our services in any given reporting period. Therefore, our operating results in any reporting period may not be indicative of our future performance. Because we must make significant estimates related to potential costs when we recognize revenue on a percentage-of-completion basis, these costs may change significantly from reporting period to reporting period based on new project information. A small number of major customers account for a significant portion of our revenue, and the loss of any of these customers could negatively impact our business. We depend on a relatively small number of customers for a significant portion of our revenue. In 2022, our top two customers accounted for 57 , and in 2021, our top four customers accounted for 50 of our consolidated revenue. For a listing of our major customers, please refer to Note 16 Major Customers and Concentration of Credit Risk to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. We expect to continue to depend upon a relatively small number of customers for a significant percentage of our revenue. Because our major customers represent a large part of our business, the loss of any of our major customers could negatively impact our business and results of operations. Our business volume with each of our largest customers is highly dependent on operations and maintenance budgets for U.S. utilities. Fluctuations in any of these factors could materially adversely impact our financial results. In early 2022, we lost a contract with a customer in Canada, and as a result, we exited the Canadian market. This former customer contributed 12 of total revenue in 2021. In addition, in early 2022, we lost a major multi-year contract with a customer within the nuclear decommissioning market. This former customer accounted for 10 of our revenue in 2021 and contributed to a loss of approximately 374.6 million in backlog for the years 2022 through 2029. Please refer to Item 1. Business under Backlog included in this Form 10-K for additional information. We are subject to potential insolvency or financial distress of third parties, including our customers and suppliers. We are exposed to the risk that third parties to various arrangements who owe us money or goods, or who purchase services from us, will be unable to perform their obligations or continue to place orders due to insolvency or financial distress. If such third parties fail to perform their obligations under arrangements with us, we may be forced to replace the underlying commitment at current or above market prices or on other terms that are less favorable to us, or we may have to write off receivables in the case of a customer failing to pay. If a customer becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy, our ability to recover accounts receivable from that customer would be adversely affected and any payment we received during the preference period prior to a bankruptcy filing may be potentially recoverable by the bankruptcy estate. Any of the foregoing could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 The dollar amount of our backlog, as stated at any time, is not necessarily indicative of our future revenue. Our backlog consists of firm orders or blanket authorizations from our customers. Backlog may vary significantly from reporting period to reporting period due to the timing of customer commitments. The time between receipt of an order and actual completion of services can vary. However, backlog may not be indicative of future operating results, and projects in our backlog may be cancelled, modified, or otherwise altered by our customers. To the extent projects are delayed, the timing of our revenue could be affected. If a customer cancels an order, we may be reimbursed for the costs we have incurred. Typically, however, we have no contractual right to the full amount of the revenue reflected in our backlog contracts in the event of cancellation. In addition, projects may remain in our backlog for extended periods of time. Furthermore, a portion of our backlog for multi-year service maintenance contracts is based on what we expect to realize in the future and is therefore not necessarily supported by a firm purchase order. If that work does not materialize, then our backlog would be negatively impacted, as that work would be considered a cancellation. For example, our backlog was negatively affected by the loss of a multi-year contract in the nuclear decommissioning market in early 2022, as described further in Item 1. Business under Backlog . Revenue recognition occurs over extended periods of time and is subject to unanticipated delays. Fluctuations in our reported backlog levels also result from the fact that we may receive a small number of relatively large orders in any given reporting period that may be included in our backlog. Because of these large orders, our backlog in that reporting period may reach levels that may not be sustained in subsequent reporting periods. Our backlog, therefore, is not necessarily indicative of our future revenue or of long-term industry trends. Our success is partially dependent upon maintaining our safety record, and an injury to or death of any of our employees, customers or vendors could result in material liabilities to our Company. The activities we conduct at our customers facilities present a risk of injury or death to our employees, customers, or visitors, notwithstanding our efforts to comply with safety regulations. We may be unable to avoid material liabilities for an injury or death, and our workers compensation and other insurance policies may not be adequate or may not continue to be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all, which could result in material liabilities to us. In addition, our ability to obtain new business and retain our current business is partially dependent on our continuing ability to maintain a safety record that exceeds the industry average. If we fail to maintain superior safety performance, or if serious accidents occur in spite of our safety procedures, our revenue and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Adverse changes in our relationships with suppliers, vendors, and subcontractors could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and our business, reputation, and results of operations. We rely significantly on third-party suppliers and vendors to obtain necessary materials, and on subcontractors to perform certain services. Although we are not dependent on any single supplier, vendor or subcontractor, any substantial limitation on the availability of or deterioration in our relationship with required suppliers or subcontractors would negatively impact our operations. Changes in our credit profile can affect the way such third parties view our ability to make payments and may induce them to shorten the payment terms of their invoices or require credit enhancement. For instance, as a result of delays in our payments, certain suppliers and subcontractors have imposed less favorable payment terms on us, including requirements to provide them with additional security in the form of prepayments, surety bonds or letters of credit. The imposition of burdensome payment terms or collateral requirements could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity and our ability to make payments to other parties. This in turn could cause us to be unable to operate our business at the desired service levels, which might adversely affect our profitability and cash flow. In other cases, our relationships with certain third parties have been terminated, requiring us to rely on new firms for certain services, which may cost more and be of inferior quality. In addition, changes in market and economic conditions, such as the ongoing supply chain disruptions, product shortages and inflationary cost pressure, could increase the risk of a lack of available suppliers or subcontractors. If any supplier or subcontractor upon which we rely is unable or unwilling to meet its obligations under present or future agreements with us, we may be forced to pay higher prices to obtain necessary services and may suffer an interruption in our ability to provide our services to customers. To the extent we cannot engage quality subcontractors or acquire equipment or materials on acceptable terms, we would not be able to meet the full demands of our customers, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Legal matters could divert management s focus, result in substantial expenses, and have an adverse impact on our reputation, financial condition, and results of operations. Lawsuits and investigations involving us, or our current or former officers and directors, could result in significant expenses and divert attention and resources of our management and other key employees. We could be required to pay damages or other penalties or have injunctions or other equitable remedies imposed against us or our current or former directors and officers. In addition, we are generally obligated to indemnify our current and former directors and officers in connection with lawsuits, governmental investigations and related litigation or settlement amounts. Such amounts could exceed the coverage provided under our insurance policies. Any of these factors could harm our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Compliance with environmental, health, safety and other related laws and regulations is costly, and our ongoing operations may expose us to related liabilities. Our operations are subject to laws and regulations governing the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise related to the protection of the environment or human health and safety. We are subject to various U.S. federal statutes and the regulations implementing them, as well as similar laws and regulations at the state and local levels. Environmental laws and regulations are complex and subject to frequent change, and the current U.S. presidential administration is expected to revise existing environmental regulations and to pursue new initiatives. There continues to be a lack of consistent climate legislation, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty; however, there has been an increasing amount of legislative and regulatory activity, and a number of legal and regulatory measures and social initiatives have been introduced in an effort to reduce greenhouse gas and other carbon emissions. Any such initiatives, restrictions and requirements could restrict or reduce, or require us to make changes to, our operating activities, which could increase our operating costs, increase our energy, supply and transportation costs or limit their availability, or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity or capital resources, and these effects could be material to us. If we fail to comply with existing or future environmental laws or regulations, we may be subject to significant liabilities for fines, penalties, or damages, or lose or be denied significant operating permits. Changes in environmental laws and regulations could also increase our environmental compliance expenditures. In addition, we have been, and may be in the future, subject to liability allegations involving claims of personal injury or property damage. The operation of complex, large-scale equipment used in a variety of locations and climates and integration of a variety of purchased components entails an inherent risk of disputes and liabilities related to the operation of the equipment and the health and safety of the workers who operate and come into contact with the machinery. Because our services are primarily provided in power plants, claims could arise in different contexts, including fires, explosions and power surges, which can result in significant property damage or personal injury, and equipment failure, which can result in personal injury or damage to other equipment in the power plant. The insurance policies we maintain to cover claims of this nature are subject to deductibles and recovery limitations, as well as limitations on contingencies covered, and we may, therefore, suffer losses from these claims for which no insurance recovery is available. Such losses could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may become subject to risks associated with doing business outside the U.S. We previously provided services in Canada, and we may seek to expand our services outside the U.S. in the future. Doing business internationally creates risk that could materially and adversely affect our business, including: the imposition of trade barriers, currency exchange rate fluctuations and currency controls, longer payment cycles, greater difficulties in accounts receivables collection, difficulties in complying with a variety of foreign laws, changes in legal or regulatory requirements, the potential for shortages of trained labor, complex and uncertain employment environments, exposure to local economic and political conditions, the impact of social unrest, such as risks of terrorism or other hostilities, and potentially adverse tax consequences. To the extent we experience these risks, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected, and, as a result, we may determine to scale back or terminate our international operations. During 2021, we provided services in Canada; however, in early 2022, we lost a major contract with a customer in Canada, and, as a result, we exited the Canadian market. Although there are no current plans to do so, the Company may again expand outside the U.S. in the future, although there can be no assurance that we will be successful in such endeavors, if undertaken, outside of the U.S. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 We may be unable to effectively manage our growth, including any expansion into international markets. We are subject to the risk that we may be unable to effectively manage our growth, which requires us to develop and improve our existing administrative and operational systems and our financial and management controls and further expand, train and manage our work force. As we continue this effort, we may incur substantial costs and expend substantial resources in connection with any such expansion due to different technology standards, legal considerations, and cultural differences. We may not be able to efficiently or effectively manage any future international operations and growth of such operations, compete effectively in such markets, or recruit top talent and train our personnel. Any failure to successfully manage our expansion may materially and adversely affect our business and future growth and may cause us to scale back or terminate such expansion efforts; for instance, we exited the Canadian market in 2022 and are no longer accepting large, fixed price water projects. In addition, acquisitions and other business transactions may disrupt or otherwise have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and any acquisitions of businesses and their respective assets also involve the risks that the businesses and assets acquired may prove to be less valuable than we expect, and we may assume unknown or unexpected liabilities, costs and problems. Limitations or modifications to indemnification regulations of the U.S. could adversely affect our business. We provide services to the nuclear industry. The Price-Anderson Act promotes the nuclear industry by offering broad indemnification to commercial nuclear power plant operators and U.S. Department of Energy DOE contractors for liabilities arising out of nuclear incidents at power plants licensed by the NRC and at DOE nuclear facilities. That indemnification protects not only the NRC licensee or DOE prime contractor, but also others like us who may be doing work under contract or subcontract for a licensed power plant or under a DOE prime contract. The Energy Policy Act of 2005 extended the period of coverage to include all nuclear power reactors issued construction permits through December 31, 2025. The Price-Anderson Act indemnification provisions may not apply to all liabilities that we might incur while performing services as a contractor for the DOE and the nuclear power industry. If an incident or evacuation is not covered under the Price-Anderson Act s indemnification provisions, we could be held liable for damages, regardless of fault, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, if such indemnification authority is not applicable in the future, for instance, our business could be adversely affected if the owners and operators of nuclear power plants fail to retain our services in the absence of commercially adequate insurance and indemnification. In addition, any well-publicized problem with our nuclear industry services, whether actual or perceived, could adversely affect our reputation and reduce demand for our services. Our failure to attract and retain qualified personnel, skilled workers and key officers could have an adverse effect on us. Our ability to attract and retain qualified professional and/or skilled personnel in accordance with our needs, either through direct hiring, subcontracting or acquisition of other firms employing such professionals, is an important factor in determining our future success. The market for these professionals is competitive, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts to attract and retain needed personnel. Our ability to successfully execute our business strategy depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified, experienced mechanical, design, structural and software engineers, service technicians and marketing and sales personnel who share our values and are able to operate effectively consistent with our culture. Demand for these workers can, at times, be high and the supply extremely limited, particularly for employees who can work remotely, as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has increased remote opportunities. In addition, we may be constrained in hiring and retaining sufficient qualified employees to support our strategy due to general labor shortages in our industry. A lack of qualified personnel or increased turnover rates within our employee base could lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain qualified employees. Our success is also highly dependent upon the continued services of our key officers, and we do not maintain key employee insurance on any of our executive officers. We have experienced significant turnover in our senior management team and reductions in our workforce over the past few years and have promoted or hired new employees to fill certain key roles. If we are unable to retain qualified personnel, the roles and responsibilities of those employees will need to be filled, which may require that we devote time and resources to identifying, hiring, and integrating new employees. In addition, the failure to attract and retain key employees, including officers, could impair our ability to successfully implement our business strategy, sustain or expand our operations, provide services to our customers, and conduct our business effectively. Furthermore, if key employees do not meet the expectations of their roles, we could experience operational and administrative inefficiencies and added costs that could adversely impact our results of operations, our stock price and our customer relationships and may make recruiting for future management positions more difficult. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Demand for our services is cyclical and vulnerable to economic slowdowns and reductions in private industry and government spending. In times of general economic contraction, our revenue, profits, and financial condition may be adversely affected and will not necessarily rise in tandem with general economic expansion. The industries we serve historically have been, and will likely continue to be, cyclical in nature and vulnerable to general slowdowns in the U.S. economy. Consequently, our results of operations have fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate depending on the level of demand for services from these industries. Our bookings and revenue may rise or fall sharply as total industry orders tend to follow pronounced cycles of general expansion and contraction. During a contraction phase, limited investment in new projects, deferrals of planned projects and project cancellations may significantly reduce our potential recognition of revenue and profits. At the end of an expansion phase, any existence of excess capacity will negatively affect power prices, which will result in a reduction in new orders. In addition to being cyclical in nature, our revenue does not correlate precisely with changes in actual or forecasted new capacity due to timing differences in revenue recognition. During periods of declining demand for power, many of our customers may face budget shortfalls or may delay capital expenditures, which could result in a decrease in the overall demand for our services. Our customers may find it more difficult to obtain project financing due to limitations on the availability of credit and other uncertainties in the global credit markets. In addition, our customers may demand better pricing terms and their ability to timely pay our invoices may be affected in times of economic slowdown. Any such reduction in private industry or government spending could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, net income, or overall financial condition. The Company continues to monitor several factors that may cause our revenue, profits, and financial condition to differ from our historical results, including the impacts of inflation and increased interest rates. Information technology vulnerabilities and cyberattacks on our networks could have a material adverse impact on our business. We rely upon information technology to manage and conduct business, both internally and with our customers, suppliers and other third parties. Internet transactions involve the transmission and storage of data, including, in certain instances, customer and supplier business information. Accordingly, maintaining the security of our computers and other electronic devices, computer networks and data storage resources is a critical issue for us and our customers and suppliers because security breaches could result in reduced or lost ability to carry on our business and loss of and/or unauthorized access to confidential information. From time to time, we experience cyberattacks on our information technology systems, and those of our distributors, manufacturers, suppliers and other partners, whose systems we do not control. We have limited personnel and other resources to address information technology reliability and security of our computer networks and respond to known security incidents to minimize potential adverse impacts. Information security risks have generally increased in recent years because of the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyberattacks. Experienced hackers, cybercriminals and perpetrators of threats may be able to penetrate our network security and misappropriate or compromise our confidential information or that of third parties, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. These perpetrators of cyberattacks also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms, malware, and other malicious software programs that attack our information and networks or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities of our information and networks. Techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until long after being launched against a target, so we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, implement adequate preventative measures or remediate any intrusion on a timely or effective basis. Moreover, the development and maintenance of these preventative and detective measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. We, therefore, remain potentially vulnerable to additional known or as yet unknown threats, as in some instances, we, our distributors, manufacturers, suppliers, and other partners may be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. We also face the risk that we may expose our customers or partners to cyberattacks. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 A breach of our information technology systems and security measures as a result of third party action, malware, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise could materially adversely impact our business and results of operations and expose us to customer, supplier and other third party liabilities, as well as result in disruptions to critical systems, theft of funds, data or intellectual property, corruption or loss of data and unauthorized release of proprietary, confidential or sensitive information of ours or our customers. Any damage, security breach, delay or loss of critical data associated with our systems may delay or prevent certain operations and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; in addition, such events could expose us to data and funds loss, disrupt our operations, allow others to unfairly compete with us and subject us to litigation, government enforcement actions, regulatory penalties and costly response measures, and we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate us for any losses relating to such events. Any resulting negative publicity could also significantly harm our reputation. As cyber threats continue to advance, we may be required to expend additional significant resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. In addition, cybersecurity and data protection laws and regulations continue to evolve, and are increasingly demanding, which adds compliance complexity and may increase our costs of compliance and expose us to litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions or fines in one or more jurisdictions. Our failure to comply with applicable governmental privacy laws and regulations in the U.S. could substantially impact our business, operations, financial position, and cash flows. We are subject to extensive and evolving federal and state privacy laws and regulations. Changes in privacy and data security laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations could have a negative effect on our operating methods and costs. Failure to comply with such regulations could result in the termination or loss of contracts, the imposition of contractual damages, private and government civil litigation, civil sanctions, damage to our reputation or, in certain circumstances, criminal penalties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, cash flows, business and prospects. Determining compliance with such regulations is complicated by the fact that many of these laws and regulations have not been fully interpreted by governing regulatory authorities or the courts, and many of the provisions of such laws and regulations are open to a range of interpretations. There can be no assurance that we are, or have been, in compliance with all applicable existing laws and regulations or that we will be able to comply with new laws or regulations, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act and the California Privacy Rights Act. Our participation in multiemployer pension plans could adversely impact our liquidity and results of operations. During 2022, we contributed to approximately 79 multiemployer pension plans throughout the U.S. and, historically, we have contributed to over 200 multiemployer pension plans in which we may have withdrawal liabilities. We believe that our responsibility for potential withdrawal liabilities associated with participating in multiemployer pension plans is limited because the building and construction trades exemption pursuant to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 should apply to the substantial majority of our plan contributions. However, pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 and other applicable laws, we are exposed to other potential liabilities associated with plans that are underfunded. As of December 31, 2022, we had been notified that certain pension plans were in critical funding status. Currently, certain plans are developing, or have developed, a rehabilitation plan that may call for a reduction in participant benefits or an increase in future employer contributions. Therefore, in the future, we could be responsible for potential surcharges, excise taxes and/or additional contributions related to these plans, which could impact our liquidity and results of operations. While we continue to actively monitor, assess and take steps to limit our potential exposure to any surcharges, excise taxes, additional contributions and/or withdrawal liabilities, any market conditions or the number of participating employers remaining in each plan may result in a reorganization, insolvency or mass withdrawal that could have a material adverse effect on the funded status of the multiemployer plans and our potential withdrawal liability. We are subject to anti-bribery laws, and failure to comply with these laws could result in our becoming subject to penalties and the disruption of our business activities. We are subject to laws in the U.S. that restrict the offer or payment of anything of value to government officials or other persons with the intent of gaining business or favorable government action. In addition to prohibiting certain bribery-related activity with U.S. officials and other persons, these laws provide for recordkeeping and reporting obligations. Any failure by us, our subcontractors, agents or others who work for us on our behalf to comply with these legal and regulatory obligations could impact us in a variety of ways that include, but are not limited to, significant criminal, civil and administrative penalties. The failure to comply with these legal and regulatory obligations could also result in the disruption of our business activities and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Work disruptions resulting from the expiration of our collective bargaining agreements or otherwise could result in increased operating costs and adversely affect our operating performance. The majority of our temporary craft employees are represented by labor unions with which we have collective bargaining agreements. There can be no assurance that we will not experience labor disruptions associated with a lengthy strike or the expiration or renegotiation of collective bargaining agreements or other work stoppage at our facilities or customer locations, which could adversely affect our operating performance and may result in additional expenses and possible loss of revenue. The increasing focus by stakeholders on environmental, social and governance policies and practices could result in additional costs and could adversely impact our reputation, consumer perception, employee retention and willingness of third parties to do business with us. There has been increased focus from stakeholders, including investors, consumers and employees, on our environmental, social, or governance ESG policies and practices, including corporate citizenship and sustainability. Additionally, public interest and legislative pressure related to public companies ESG practices continues to grow. If our ESG policies and practices fail to meet regulatory requirements or stakeholders evolving expectations and standards for responsible corporate citizenship in areas including environmental stewardship, employee health and safety practices, Board and employee diversity, human capital management, corporate governance and transparency and employing ESG strategies in our operations, our brand, reputation and employee retention may be negatively impacted, and customers and suppliers may be unwilling to do business with us. We could also incur additional costs and require additional resources to monitor, report and comply with various ESG practices, as well as any initiatives or goals we may establish or announce, including those related to climate change. If we do establish such initiatives or goals, there can be no assurance that our stakeholders will agree with our strategy or that we will be successful in achieving such initiatives or goals, and we will remain subject to climate change risks regardless. As a result, the effects of climate change and increased focus by stakeholders on ESG matters could have short- and long-term impacts on our business and operations. Inconsistency of legislation and regulations among jurisdictions and expected additional regulations may also affect the costs of compliance with such laws and regulations. Any assessment of the potential impact of future climate change legislation, regulations or industry standards, as well as any international treaties and accords, is uncertain given the wide scope of potential regulatory change where we operate. If we fail to adopt ESG standards or practices as quickly as stakeholders desire, fail, or are perceived to fail, in our achievement of any initiatives or goals, or fail in fully and accurately reporting our progress on any such initiatives and goals, our reputation, business, financial performance and growth may be adversely impacted. Furthermore, there exists certain anti-ESG sentiment among some individuals and governments, and several states have enacted or proposed anti-ESG policies or legislation. As we establish ESG-related initiatives, we could face a negative reaction or legislation that impedes our activities or reflects poorly upon the Company, and our business and financial condition could be negatively impacted by such matters. Any such matters, or related corporate citizenship and sustainability matters, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Risk Factors Related to Our Common Stock We may not be able to maintain our NYSE American listing and may incur additional costs as a result of our NYSE American listing. Our common stock commenced trading on the NYSE American on February 22, 2021, and we are subject to certain NYSE American continued listing requirements and standards. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to continue to satisfy the requirements of the NYSE American s continued listing standards. A delisting of our common stock could negatively affect the price and liquidity of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital in the future. In addition, we may incur costs that we have not previously incurred relating to compliance with the rules and requirements of the NYSE American. The market price for our common stock has historically been volatile, and our stockholders may not be able to resell their shares of common stock at or above the purchase price paid. The market price of our common stock has historically fluctuated significantly and may be affected by numerous factors (some of which are beyond our control), including: The risk factors described in this Item 1A; Actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results and financial condition; Changes in laws or regulations and court rulings and trends in our industry; 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 The significant concentration of ownership of our common stock in the hands of a small number of investors; Changes in supply and demand of components and materials; Changes in tax or accounting standards affecting our industry; A shortfall in operating revenue or net income from that expected by securities analysts and investors; Changes in securities analysts estimates of our financial performance or the financial performance of our competitors or companies in our industry; Increase in inflation and higher commodity prices; General conditions in our customers industries; and The degree of trading liquidity in our common stock, including our ability to remain listed on the NYSE American, and general market conditions. 
 Declines in the price of our common stock could impede our ability to obtain additional capital and attract and retain qualified employees and could reduce the liquidity of our common stock. In addition, a reduction in our stock price increases the cost to us, in terms of dilution, of using our equity for employee compensation. The stock markets have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of similarly situated companies, including geopolitical instability. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. We do not currently expect to pay any cash dividends on our common stock; as such, appreciation in the price of our common stock may be the only method for investors to realize a return on their investment. We have not paid any dividends since March 2015 and each of the Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility prohibits us from paying cash dividends. Accordingly, we do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination with respect to the payment of dividends will be at the discretion of the Board and will depend upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions, terms of financing arrangements and other factors that our Board may deem relevant. Future dividends, their timing and amount will be subject to capital availability and periodic determinations by our Board that cash dividends are in the best interest of our stockholders and are in compliance with all of our respective laws and agreements applicable to the declaration and payment of cash dividends and may be affected by, among other factors: our views on potential future capital requirements for organic initiatives and strategic transactions; debt service requirements; our credit rating; changes to applicable tax laws or corporate laws; limitations in our debt facilities; and changes to our business model. We cannot provide any assurance that we will declare dividends of any particular amounts or at all. We are subject to anti-takeover effects of certain charter and bylaw provisions and Delaware law, as well as of our substantial insider ownership. Provisions of our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation ), Fourth Amended and Restated By-Laws (the By-Laws and Delaware law may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which investors might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our management and Board. These provisions include providing our Board the ability to set the number of directors and to fill vacancies on the Board occurring between stockholder meetings. We are also subject to provisions of the Delaware corporation law that, in general, prohibit any business combination with a beneficial owner of 15 or more of our common stock for three years following the date the beneficial owner acquired at least 15 of our stock, unless various conditions are met, such as approval of the transaction by our Board. Together, these charter and statutory provisions could make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our common stock. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 The existence of the foregoing provisions and anti-takeover measures, as well as the significant amount of common stock beneficially owned by Wynnefield Capital, Inc. and its affiliates, the Company s largest equity investors, could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. They could also deter potential acquirers of us, thereby reducing the likelihood that you could receive a premium for your common stock in an acquisition. We may issue a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the future, and stockholders may be adversely affected by the issuance of those shares. We may raise additional capital or refinance or restructure our debt by issuing shares of common stock, or other securities convertible into common stock, which would increase the number of shares of common stock outstanding and result in potentially substantial dilution in the equity interest of our current stockholders and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. We have previously issued shares of our common stock pursuant to private placement exemptions from Securities Act registration requirements and may do so in the future in connection with financings, acquisitions, the settlement of litigation and other strategic transactions. We may also issue equity securities (including, but not limited to, warrants to purchase shares of our common stock) in connection with future financing transactions. The issuance, and the resale or potential resale, of shares of our common stock could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and could be dilutive to our stockholders. Actions of activist shareholders could be disruptive and potentially costly, and the possibility that activist shareholders may seek changes that conflict with our strategic direction could cause uncertainty about the strategic direction of our business. Activist investors may attempt to effect changes in our strategic direction, including our pending review of strategic alternatives, and how our business is governed, or to acquire control over us. While we welcome varying opinions from all shareholders, activist campaigns that contest or conflict with our strategic direction could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, as responding to proxy contests and other actions by activist shareholders can disrupt our operations, be costly and time consuming and divert the attention of our Board and senior management from the pursuit of business strategies, including the current review of strategic alternatives. In addition, perceived uncertainties as to our future direction as a result of changes to the composition of our Board may lead to the perception of a change in the direction of our business, instability or lack of continuity, which may be exploited by our competitors, may cause concern to our current or potential customers, may result in the loss of potential business opportunities and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners. These types of actions could cause significant fluctuations in our stock price based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business. Future sales of our common stock and any of our other efforts to raise additional capital may depress our stock price. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or otherwise, either by us, a member of management or a major stockholder, or the perception that such sales could occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We may seek additional capital through a combination of private and public equity and debt offerings. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, investor ownership interest may be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect investor rights as a stockholder. Additional debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, or declaring dividends. Any of the above could cause a decline in our stock price. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comment s. Not applicable. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Propertie s. Our corporate office is located in Atlanta, Georgia. We do not own any real property. Below is a summary of properties leased by our continuing operations as of December 31, 2022. 

Lease Approximate Location Expiration Date Sq. Footage Principal Uses Tucker, Georgia March 31, 2023 23,726 Administrative office (subleased out) Atlanta, Georgia (1) July 31, 2031 13,870 Administrative office (corporate headquarters) Jacksonville, Florida September 30, 2023 10,708 Administrative office/warehouse Norwalk, Connecticut August 31, 2024 9,681 Administrative office/warehouse Kemah, Texas January 31, 2024 6,000 Administrative office/warehouse Astoria, New York May 31, 2026 4,500 Administrative office/warehouse Tampa, Florida March 31, 2023 4,400 Administrative office/warehouse Dothan, Alabama November 30, 2023 1,100 Administrative office (1) The Company moved its corporate headquarters from Tucker, Georgia to Atlanta, Georgia in March 2022. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Item 3. Legal Proceeding s. Litigation and Claims We are from time-to-time party to various lawsuits, claims and other proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. With respect to all such lawsuits, claims and proceedings, we record a reserve when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. We do not believe that the resolution of any currently pending lawsuits, claims and proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity. However, the outcomes of any currently pending lawsuits, claims and proceedings cannot be predicted, and therefore, there can be no assurance that this will be the case. For a description of our material pending legal and regulatory proceedings and settlements, please refer to Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies Litigation and Claims to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure s. Not applicable. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equit y, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Our common stock trades on the NYSE American under the symbol WLMS. Holders As of March 27, 2023, there were 27,058,317 shares of our common stock outstanding and 116 holders of record of our common stock. We believe that the number of beneficial holders of our common stock is substantially greater than the number of holders of record. Dividends We have not paid dividends to holders of our common stock since March 2015, and the terms of the Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility currently prohibit us from paying cash dividends. In addition, declaration and payment of future dividends would depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, our earnings, financial condition, business development needs, regulatory considerations and the terms of the Term Loan Facility and Revolving Credit Facility, and is at the discretion of our Board of Directors. We currently have no plan in place to pay cash dividends. See Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors We do not currently expect to pay any cash dividends on our common stock; as such, appreciation in the price of our common stock may be the only method for investors to realize a return on their investment. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we did not sell any of our equity securities in transactions that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, not previously disclosed in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Company and Affiliated Purchasers Neither we, nor any affiliated purchaser, as defined in SEC Rule 10b-18(a)(3), purchased any of our equity securities during the three months ended December 31, 2022. Item 6. [Reserved] 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion provides an analysis of the results of our continuing operations, an overview of our liquidity and capital resources and other items related to our business. It contains forward-looking statements about our future revenue, operating results, and expectations. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of the risks, assumptions and uncertainties affecting these statements. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with Part I of this Form 10-K as well as our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Form 10-K . Overview Unless otherwise specified, the financial information and discussion in this Form 10-K are as of December 31, 2022 and are based on our continuing operations; they exclude any results of our discontinued operations. Please refer to Note 5 Changes in Business to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K for additional information on our discontinued operations. In 2018, we implemented major cost reduction initiatives to reduce our overhead costs, including restructuring and consolidating our corporate functions, and began working on a comprehensive strategic plan to grow and improve our business, which was finalized in early 2019. Our strategy has been focused on a comprehensive plan to grow and improve our operations, strengthen our core competencies, aggressively manage working capital, and reduce costs in order to improve liquidity and reduce debt. In 2020, we refinanced our new credit facilities which included senior secured term loan facilities in an aggregate amount of up to 50.0 million (collectively, the Term Loan and a senior secured asset-based revolving line of credit of up to 30.0 million (the Revolving Credit Facility ). The Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility mature on December 16, 2025. In connection with the refinancing, the Company repaid the outstanding balance of the prior facilities and all interest in full. For additional information, please refer to Note 11 Debt to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. During 2021, we changed our corporate management structure to reinforce our customer focus and strengthen operations, and among other changes, added a Chief Operating Officer, an Executive Vice President of Business Development, and a Vice President of Safety and our Corporate Controller was appointed Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, in 2022, the Company promoted its Senior Vice President of Energy and Industrial to Executive Vice President of Business Development. We are enhancing our management methods to provide additional process capabilities and focus on customer relations and sales. In early 2022, we lost a major contract with a customer in Canada, and as a result, we exited the Canadian market. This customer contributed 12 of our revenue in 2021. In addition, in early 2022, we lost a major multi-year contract with a customer within the nuclear decommissioning market contributing to a loss of approximately 374.6 million in backlog in the years 2022 through 2029. We continue to target other growth opportunities within our end markets with greater customer focus and strengthened operational effectiveness. Please refer to Item 1. Business under Backlog included in this Form 10-K for additional information. In the third quarter of 2022, management assessed the Company s financial condition, resulting in the Company developing a liquidity plan to alleviate the substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern during 2023. As a result of the Company being unable to comply with its debt covenants, the Company amended its Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility and entered into the Wynnefield Notes during the third and fourth quarter of 2022 and the first quarter of 2023. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, we have engaged an investment banking firm to explore a range of strategic alternatives for the Company to maximize shareholder value, which could include a potential sale. We have not set a timetable for the conclusion of this review, nor made decisions for further actions or possible strategic alternatives. There can be no assurance that the exploration of strategic alternatives will result in the identification or consummation of any transaction, or that any strategic alternative identified, evaluated and consummated will provide the anticipated benefits or otherwise preserve or enhance stockholder value. If the Company s liquidity improvement plan and the January 9, 2023 and February 24, 2023 amendments to the Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility do not have the intended effect of addressing the Company s liquidity problems through its review of strategic alternatives, including if the Company is unable to obtain future advances under the discretionary delayed draw term loans, the Company will continue to consider all strategic alternatives, including restructuring or refinancing its debt, seeking additional debt or equity capital, reducing or delaying the Company s business activities and strategic initiatives, or selling assets, other strategic transactions and/or other measures, including obtaining relief under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully implement its liquidity improvement plan and obtain necessary debt or equity financing to address the Company s liquidity challenges and continue operations until the Company returns to generating positive cash flow or is otherwise able to execute on a transaction pursuant to its review of strategic alternatives, including a potential sale of the Company. We remain dedicated to pursuing the best course of action to provide the highest returns for our shareholders. For additional information, please refer to Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 2 Liquidity , Note 11 Debt and Note 18 Subsequent Events to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. Industry Trends and Outlook Electric Power Generation We are primarily focused on nuclear and fossil power generation. We are involved in new build power generation facilities, maintenance of existing facilities and the decommissioning of retired facilities. Net electricity generation in the U.S. increased approximately 3.3 in 2022 compared to 2021 according to the EIA. The EIA projects electricity generation will decrease by 2.0 in 2023, then rise by 2.0 in 2024. Nuclear New Builds In nuclear power generation, we are heavily involved in the construction of the only new nuclear reactors being built in the U.S., Plant Vogtle Units 3 and 4. In 2017, we formed a limited liability company with Bechtel Power Corporation, a global leader in EPC and project management, Richmond County Constructors, LLC RCC ). RCC operates as construction subcontractor to Bechtel Power Corporation, which has been selected as the prime construction contractor for the Plant Vogtle Units 3 and 4. RCC provides construction craft labor for the project. Williams is a 25 member in RCC. We also have won additional scope of work outside RCC and are currently bidding on other opportunities for direct scope of work. Plant Vogtle Units 3 and 4 are expected to become operative in 2023. In the future, we believe the nuclear generation market will provide innovative developments and high growth opportunities. According to Fitch research, the future of nuclear power capacity additions within the U.S. will come from the development of plants using small modular reactor SMR technologies. SMR technology has several benefits in comparison to traditional nuclear power facilities given their smaller size, including that they require a reduced footprint and lower capital investments and offer several safety benefits. While the DOE has already awarded significant funding for research and development towards the development of SMR technologies and pilot projects, there is the potential for additional funding over the coming years given that nuclear is expected to play a key role in the current administration s efforts toward reaching carbon pollution-free power according to Fitch research. Nuclear Decommissioning Given the average age of nuclear facilities in the U.S. of 40 years old, nuclear decommissioning represents one of the fastest growing fields within the nuclear industry. According to the U.S. NRC, as of August 15, 2022, there were 25 shut down commercial nuclear power reactors at 20 sites in various stages of decommissioning. We are currently working with a major contractor in the decommissioning field and believe there may be an opportunity for us to expand our capabilities and more broadly serve the decommissioning of nuclear power facilities. We are actively pursuing projects in the decommissioning market and see this as an opportunity for future growth. Water and Wastewater Treatment Landscape Technological advances in order to keep up with population growth and industrial capacity, are transforming the water and wastewater treatment industry. Nationally, the EPA estimates that the cost of replacing all 10 million lead service lines (LSLs) in the U.S. could range from 16 billion to as much as 80 billion. We are expanding our services to target capital projects and maintenance on booster pump stations, well buildouts, treatment expansions, and lift stations within the water and wastewater treatment industry. A significant portion of the November 2021 Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act has been allocated to improve water infrastructure 55 billion). We are no longer pursuing water projects due to decreased gross profit related to our Florida water contracts. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Other Fossil Fuel Power Generation The reduction of coal-fired electricity production has reduced demand for routine maintenance, plant upgrades, modification, and new construction at U.S. coal-fired power generation facilities. The U.S. EIA reported that natural gas-fired generation surpassed coal-fired generation and was the most common electricity fuel starting in 2016. As a result, we have seen the demand for routine maintenance, plant upgrades, modification, and new construction in the gas-fired generation market increase. We have maintained a presence in that market, primarily in capital projects for efficiency improvements. However, because most of those plants are newer than their nuclear and coal counterparts, they require fewer upgrades, which means they also require less maintenance than either coal or nuclear plants. Natural Gas Distribution Market The U.S. accounts for a natural gas pipeline network of 305,000 miles of transmission pipelines and 2.2 million miles of distribution pipes within utility service areas. Natural gas usage remained broadly flat in 2021 with gas delivered to consumers rising only 0.1 . In the long-term it is expected that natural gas will likely serve as a transition fuel with the expected growth in demand, driven mostly by the power sector, projected to average at 1.6 year-over-year from 2022 to 2030. Nationwide, about 40 of natural gas is used for energy production and the remainder is mostly used for commercial uses (heating and cooking) and industrial uses. In New York and the northeastern U.S., we are involved in projects forecasted to invest in a range of 500 million to 1.5 billion in infrastructure improvements related to natural gas distribution. The Company estimates that the market opportunity is worth 6.0 billion per year. Storm Hardening and Transmission and Distribution Following extensive damage from storms, such as Hurricane Irma in 2017 and Hurricane Michael in 2018, the Florida legislature passed Senate Bill 796 in 2019. Bill 796 requires investor-owned utilities to file 10-year storm protection plans in order to strengthen its grid as a prevention measure from future hurricane damage. In 2021, utilities operating in Florida included projects with a value of approximately 20 billion within their 10-year storm-hardening plans in Florida with execution that began in 2020. Due to our underperformance in the transmission and distribution business in Florida and Connecticut, the Company is no longer pursuing any new projects in transmission and distribution. We have exited the Florida transmission and distribution market within the first quarter of 2023 and we are in the process of exiting the Connecticut transmission and distribution market. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations The following summary and discussion of our results of operations is based on our continuing operations and excludes any results of our discontinued operations. You should refer to this information, as well as the financial data provided in our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Form 10-K, when reading our discussion and analysis of results of operations below. 

Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Revenue 238,119 304,946 Cost of revenue 231,071 273,520 Gross profit 7,048 31,426 Selling and marketing expenses 1,365 950 General and administrative expenses 25,640 23,409 Depreciation and amortization expense 230 190 Total operating expenses 27,235 24,549 Operating income (loss) (20,187) 6,877 Interest expense, net 5,509 5,001 Other income, net (11,474) (1,619) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense (14,222) 3,495 Income tax expense (benefit) (49) 793 Income (loss) from continuing operations (14,173) 2,702 Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 66.8 million, or 21.9 , compared with 2021. The decrease in revenue was primarily driven by our lost nuclear decommissioning projects, resulting in a 41.0 million reduction, exiting the Canadian nuclear market, contributing to a 30.7 million reduction, and a 19.7 million reduction related to our United States nuclear market compared with 2021. These declines were partially offset by an 11.0 million year-over-year increase in our water business, distribution businesses and a 7.2 million increase in our chemical business and a 6.2 million increase in our transmission and distribution businesses. Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 24.4 million, or 77.6 , compared with 2021. The decrease in gross profit was primarily driven by start-up costs relating to our transmission and distribution markets and cost overruns on uncompleted fixed price projects in the water markets we serve in Florida. We anticipate that these projects will continue to generate revenues with no associated profits until completion, with the final project scheduled for completion in the fourth quarter of 2023. Excluding the impact relating to start-up costs in the transmission and distribution markets and the lump sum projects in the water market for which losses were incurred, the Company would have realized a gross margin of 11.3 rather than 3.0 . 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 The following table reconciles our adjusted gross margin to our actual gross margin by deducting the transmission and distribution projects that are incurring start-up costs and lump sum projects in the water markets that are generating a loss. We believe this information is meaningful as it isolates the impact that our start-up costs and the non-profitable lump sum projects have on our gross margin. Because adjusted gross margin is not calculated in accordance with GAAP, it may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies and should not be considered in isolation or as substitute for, or superior to, financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

(in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Revenue 238,119 Cost of revenue 231,071 Gross profit 7,048 Gross profit margin 3.0 Minus: revenue from transmission and distribution start-up business (6,957) Minus: revenue from Florida lump sum water projects (18,541) Minus: total revenue deducted (25,498) Minus: cost of revenue from transmission and distribution start-up business (12,374) Minus: cost of revenue from the Florida lump sum water projects (30,108) Minus: total cost of revenue deducted (42,482) Adjusted revenue 212,621 Adjusted cost of revenue 188,589 Adjusted gross profit 24,032 Adjusted gross profit margin 11.3 Changes in estimated gross margins related to revenue recognized under the percentage of completion method are made in the period in which circumstances requiring the revisions become known. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized increases in the estimated costs at completion and related gross profit margins related to several projects in Jacksonville, Florida. The Company increased its prior estimates related to the costs of executing the contracts to completion, which led to a decrease in the recognized revenues to date under the percentage of completion revenue recognition methodology. As a result of these changes, net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 7.8 million and basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 0.30 per share. Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 27.1 million, or 393.5 , compared with 2021, due primarily to the decrease in gross profit of 24.4 million and an increase of 2.7 million in total operating expenses (see below). General and Administrative Expenses 

Year Ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 Employee-related expenses 11,697 12,518 Stock-based compensation expense 1,708 3,045 Professional fees 5,866 2,799 Other expenses 6,369 5,047 Total 25,640 23,409 Total general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 2.2 million, or 9.5 , compared with 2021. The 3.1 million increase in professional fees was primarily driven by legal expenses. Other expenses increased by 1.3 million primarily related to software and subscription costs. These increases were partially offset by decreases of 1.3 million in stock-based compensation involving forfeitures and adjustments related to performance objectives and a 0.9 million reduction primarily contributed to employee-related costs for salaries. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Other (Income) Expense, Net 

Year Ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 Interest expense, net 5,509 5,001 Other income, net (11,474) (1,619) Total (5,965) 3,382 Total other income, net, for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 9.3 million, or 276.4 , compared with 2021. The increase was primarily driven by an 8.1 million settlement of an arbitration proceeding related to the restatement of the Company s financial statements in 2017 for the 2012 to 2014 period, coupled with a 2.7 million settlement related to a former executive and his employer. These awards were partially offset by a 0.5 million increase in interest expense related to interest rate increases and additional borrowings, a 0.6 million reduction in joint venture earnings due to lower volume as construction activities for Plant Vogtle move closer to completion and 0.4 million related to a decreased settlement distribution related to a former segment. Income Tax Expense 

Year Ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 Income tax expense (benefit) (49) 793 We recorded income tax benefit from continuing operations of less than 0.1 million and income tax expense from continuing operations of 0.8 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our effective tax rates from continuing operations were 0.4 and 22.8 of income tax for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The income tax benefit in 2022 was mainly comprised of a 0.1 million Canadian tax benefit, partially offset by the indefinite lived deferred tax assets related to post 2017 NOLs and Section 163(j) interest addback carryover that are allowed to be applied against the deferred tax liabilities related to the indefinite lived intangible assets. Discontinued Operations Please refer to Note 5 Changes in Business to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K for information regarding discontinued operations. Liquidity and Capital Resources During 2022, our principal sources of liquidity were borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility and effective management of our working capital. Our principal uses of cash were to pay for customer contract-related material, labor and subcontract labor, operating expenses, principal payments on the Term Loan and interest expense on the Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility. In 2023, we required additional funding to continue to conduct our business, and, among other things, we amended the Term Loan to increase the amount borrowed and issued the Wynnefield Notes. Such actions were intended to alleviate the Company s liquidity constraints to an extent sufficient to permit the Company to continue to operate while it engages in its process to explore strategic alternatives for the Company, including a potential sale. For additional information regarding our liquidity outlook, including our ability to continue as a going concern and ongoing liquidity constraints, see below under Liquidity Outlook. See discussion in Note 11 Debt to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K for additional information regarding our outstanding debt. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Net Cash Flows Our net consolidated cash flows, including cash flows related to discontinued operations, consisted of the following: 

Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Cash flows provided by (used in): Operating activities (8,685) (4,497) Investing activities (834) (538) Financing activities 7,653 (1,280) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash (121) 81 Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (1,987) (6,234) Cash and Cash Equivalents As of December 31, 2022, our operating unrestricted cash and cash equivalents decreased 2.0 million to 0.5 million. As of December 31, 2022, 0.3 million of our operating cash balance was held in U.S. bank accounts and 0.2 million in Canadian bank accounts. Total liquidity (the sum of unrestricted cash and availability under the Revolving Credit Facility) was 3.8 million as of December 31, 2022. Total liquidity was 3.5 million on March 5, 2023 after we received 0.8 million from the Wynnefield Notes, 1.5 million from the Term Loan Amendment in the form of a delayed draw and a 1.0 million advance pursuant to the then-existing terms of the Term Loan Agreement. Cash Flows Used in Operating Activities Cash flows from operating activities are primarily from earnings sources and are affected by changes in operating assets and liabilities, which consist primarily of working capital balances related to our projects. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities increased by 4.2 million compared to the same period in 2021. Major components of cash flows used by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 Cash flows provided by (used in): Net income (loss) (13,678) Net income from discontinued operations (495) Deferred income tax provision (benefit) (174) Depreciation and amortization on plant, property and equipment 230 Amortization of deferred financing costs 831 Amortization of debt discount 200 Bad debt expense 19 Stock-based compensation 1,708 Paid-in-kind interest (1) 176 Cash effect of changes in operating assets and liabilities 2,979 Net cash used in operating activities, continuing operations (8,204) Net cash used in operating activities, discontinued operations (481) Net cash used in operating activities (8,685) (1) Paid-in-kind interest is added to the Term Loan principal and will be paid at maturity. Cash effect of changes in operating assets and liabilities for 2022 included the following (includes foreign currency translation conversion from Canadian dollar to United States dollar): Accounts receivable, excluding credit losses recognized during the period, decreased 3.8 million during fiscal year 2022, which increased cash flows from operating activities. The variance is primarily attributable to the timing of billing and collections. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Contract liabilities, which consisted of billings on uncompleted contracts in excess of costs and estimated earnings, increased 2.8 million, which increased cash flows from operating activities. Contract assets, which consisted of costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts, increased 0.2 million, which decreased cash flows from operating activities. These balances can experience significant fluctuations based on business volume and the timing of when job costs are incurred and the timing of customer billings and payments. Other current assets decreased 4.5 million during fiscal year 2022, which increased cash flows from operating activities. The variance was primarily due to the reversal of receivables related to the remittance of Canadian harmonized sales tax HST ). Accrued and other liabilities and accounts payable decreased 5.1 million during fiscal year 2022, which decreased cash flows from operating activities. The payable was an offset from the HST receivables, and a deferred payroll tax liability associated with the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). Other long-term assets increased 2.9 million during fiscal year 2022, which decreased cash flows from operating activities. The variance was primarily due to increases in right-of-use lease assets, joint venture earnings and debt issuance costs. Cash Used in Investing Activities For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our investing activities did not have a significant impact on our net cash flows. Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 7.7 million primarily due to our borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility exceeding our repayments from customer cash receipts by 16.7 million, which was partially offset by 8.8 million of cash used to pay down our Term Loan and 0.2 million cash used to pay statutory taxes related to our stock-based awards. At any point in time, the outstanding balance under the Revolving Credit Facility is a function of the timing of collections of our customer receivables and the timing of our cash expenditure needs for the following week for payment of trade payable obligations, payroll, and related tax obligations. For additional information about our outstanding debt, including the Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility, please refer to Note 11 Debt to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in financing activities was 1.3 million primarily due to 1.1 million of cash used to pay down our Term Loan and 0.6 million cash used in connection with our stock-based awards for payments of statutory taxes, which was partially offset by cash provided by our borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility exceeding our repayments from customer cash receipts by 0.3 million. On January 9, 2023, the Company entered into a third amendment to the Term Loan which, among other things, capped the amount of quarterly interest payable in cash at 10 per annum, with the remainder being payable-in-kind, for each quarterly interest payment commencing January 1, 2023 through and including January 1, 2024, and deferred principal payments from the January 1, 2023 quarterly payment date until and including the January 1, 2024 quarterly payment date. The paid-in-kind interest will increase the principal amount of the Term Loan every month. In addition, the Company issued the Wynnefield Notes, which are two unsecured promissory notes in an aggregate amount equaling 0.8 million. On February 21, 2023, the Company received a 1.0 million advance pursuant to the existing terms of the Term Loan. Additionally, on February 24, 2023, the Company entered into a fourth amendment to the Term Loan, which among other things, provided for delayed draw term loans in an aggregate principal amount of 1.5 million, which were funded at the time the amendment was signed, and for discretionary delayed draw term loans in an aggregate principal amount of 3.5 million, which will be funded at the lenders discretion. If the Company is unable to obtain funding under the discretionary delayed draw term loans, its liquidity will be materially negatively impacted. For additional information about our outstanding debt, please refer to Note 11 Debt and Note 18 Subsequent Events to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the effect of Canadian foreign exchange rate changes on our cash balances was not material. Dividends We do not currently anticipate declaring dividends in the future. As of December 31, 2022, the terms of the Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility restricted our ability to pay dividends. In addition, the timing and amounts of any dividends would be subject to determination and approval by our Board of Directors. Liquidity Outlook The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. We anticipate we will continue to experience periodic constraints on our liquidity as a result of the cash flow requirements of specific projects through the fourth quarter 2023, and we are taking steps expected to strengthen operating results in order to improve our liquidity. Such constraints on our liquidity negatively affected our ability to remain in compliance with our debt covenants, and, accordingly, we entered into two separate amendments to each of the Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan in the third and fourth quarters of 2022, and an additional two separate amendments to such agreements during the first quarter of 2023. The first two amendments, among other things, revised certain terms contained in the Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility, respectively, and deferred principal payments on the Term Loan due on January 1, 2023 to January 9, 2023. The third and fourth amendments entered into during the first quarter of 2023, among other things, revised certain terms contained in the Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility and provided for delayed draw term loans under the Term Loan in an aggregate principal amount of 1.5 million, which were funded at the time the amendment was signed, and discretionary delayed draw term loans in an aggregate principal amount of 3.5 million, which will be funded at the lenders discretion. We also issued the Wynnefield Notes, in an aggregate principal amount of 400,000 and 350,000, respectively, during the first quarter of 2023. For additional information, please refer to Note 2 Liquidity , Note 11 Debt and Note 18 Subsequent Events to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. As future advances of delayed draw term loans are discretionary on the part of our Term Loan lenders, it is possible that the Term Loan lenders may require enhanced rights or additional fees or interest before funding future advances. In certain circumstances, we may require the consent of PNC before we can agree to such terms. Such a consent from PNC, and any proposed amendments to our intercreditor agreement that might be associated with such a consent, may involve the payment of further fees and expenses by the Company to PNC and any amendments to our intercreditor agreement may require negotiations between our Term Loan lenders, PNC and the Company. A failure to procure any necessary consents or a failure to successfully negotiate such amendments to our intercreditor agreement could result in future delayed draw term loans not being available to the Company, which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity position and result in certain of the negative outcomes described in this Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources in our Form 10-K and Note 2 Liquidity , Note 11 Debt and Note 18 Subsequent Events to our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. The Company anticipates that enhanced rights or additional fees or interest in relation to the funding of future advances of delayed draw term loans will be forthcoming and that consent fees and related amendments to the Company s intercreditor agreement may be requested or required by our lenders and may be agreed to by the Company in order to secure necessary funding. During the third and fourth quarter of 2022, the Company settled two legal claims that impacted liquidity. The first involved a cash collection in the third quarter of 2022 of an approximately 8.1 million settlement related to an arbitration proceeding against a third party in connection with the restatement of our financial statements in 2017 for the 2012 to 2014 period, which was used to partially prepay our Term Loan. The second, settled in the fourth quarter of 2022, involved litigation against a former executive and his employer that resulted in the former executive and his employer agreeing to a cash settlement of 2.7 million. The Company recognized the settlement as other income during the third quarter of 2022 and collected the 2.7 million cash settlement on October 13, 2022. The 2.7 million settlement was used to pay a portion of the Revolving Credit Facility in the fourth quarter of 2022. For additional information about the arbitration and legal settlements, please refer to Note 11 Debt to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. Our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability to successfully implement its liquidity plan and obtain necessary debt or equity financing to continue operations until we return to generating positive cash flow. While continuing to operate its business in recent months, the Company is implementing various elements of its previously disclosed liquidity improvement plan, which include taking steps to address profitability of non-performing businesses, 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 aggressively reducing operating expenses, shortening the collection cycle time on the Company s accounts receivable, and lengthening the payment cycle time on its accounts payable. The Company has continued to experience material intra-week liquidity pressure as it has attempted to manage the short-term negative cash flows that result from, among other things, having to fund significant weekly craft labor payrolls on large outage projects before those payrolls can be billed to the Company s customers and collected. Although the Company has utilized the Revolving Credit Agreement to address such time period negative cash flows, contract terms restricting customer invoicing frequency, delays in customer payments, and underlying surety bonds have negatively impacted the Company s borrowing base and the availability of funds. Although these factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, we believe that we have sufficient resources to satisfy our working capital requirements through the next 12 months and our long-term liquidity needs and foreseeable material cash requirements, as we strategically use our 30.0 million borrowing availability under our Revolving Credit Facility and the additional borrowings under the Term Loan and the Wynnefield Notes obtained in the first quarter of 2023, and implement our liquidity plan. A variety of factors can affect the Company s short- and long-term liquidity, the impact of which could be material, including, but not limited to: the funding of certain of the Company s previously disclosed loss-contracts; cash required for funding ongoing operations and projects; matters relating to the Company s contracts, including contracts billed based on milestones that may require the Company to incur significant expenditures prior to collections from its customers and others that allow for significant upfront billing at the beginning of a project, which temporarily increases liquidity in the near term; the outcome of potential contract disputes, which may be significant; payment collection issues, including those caused by economic slowdowns or other factors which can lead to credit deterioration of the Company s customers; required payments of interest under the Term Loan Agreement and the Revolving Credit Agreement and on the Company s operating and finance leases; pension obligations requiring annual contributions to multiemployer pension plans; insurance coverage for contracts that require the Company to indemnify third parties; and issuances of letters of credit. The Company believes that the February 24, 2023 amendments to the Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility will, if the discretionary delayed draw term loans under the Term Loan are advanced, provide much needed support to the Company s ongoing operations and may permit the Company to operate while it continues to engage in its process to explore strategic alternatives to maximize value for the Company and its shareholders or other stakeholders, but additional liquidity support may be necessary. The Company has not disclosed a timetable for the conclusion of its review of strategic alternatives, nor has it made any decisions related to any further actions or possible strategic alternatives at this time. The Company does not intend to comment on the details of its review of strategic alternatives until it determines that further disclosure is appropriate or necessary. If the Company is unable to address any potential liquidity shortfalls that may arise in the future, it will need to seek additional funding from third party sources, which may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all, and the Company s inability to obtain this capital or execute an alternative solution to its liquidity needs could have a material adverse effect on the Company s shareholders and creditors. Importantly, any such additional funding could only be obtained in compliance with the restrictions contained in the agreements governing the Company s existing indebtedness. If the Company is unable to comply with its covenants under its indebtedness, or otherwise is unable to meet its obligations under such indebtedness, or the lenders under the Term Loan do not exercise their discretion to fund the delayed draw term loans, the Company s liquidity would be further adversely affected. In addition, such occurrences could result in an event of default under such indebtedness and the potential acceleration of outstanding indebtedness thereunder and the potential foreclosure on the collateral securing such debt and would likely cause a cross-default under the Company s other outstanding indebtedness or obligations. If the Company s liquidity improvement plan and the first quarter 2023 amendments to the Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility do not have the intended effect of addressing the Company s liquidity problems through its review of strategic alternatives, including if the Company is unable to obtain future advances under the discretionary delayed draw term loans, the Company will continue to consider all strategic alternatives, including restructuring or refinancing its debt, seeking additional debt or equity capital, reducing or delaying the Company s business activities and strategic initiatives, or selling assets, other strategic transactions and/or other measures, including obtaining relief under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully implement its liquidity improvement plan and obtain necessary debt or equity financing to address the Company s liquidity challenges and continue operations until the Company returns to generating positive cash flow or is otherwise able to execute on a transaction pursuant to its review of strategic alternatives, including a potential sale of the Company. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Off-Balance Sheet Transactions Our liquidity is currently not dependent on the use of off-balance sheet transactions but, in line with industry practice, we are often required to provide payment and performance surety bonds to customers and may be required to provide letters of credit. If performance assurances are extended to customers, generally our maximum potential exposure is limited in the contract with our customers. We frequently obtain similar performance assurances from third-party vendors and subcontractors for work performed in the ordinary course of contract execution. However, the total costs of a project could exceed our original cost estimates, and we could experience reduced gross profit or possibly a loss for a given project. In some cases, if we fail to meet certain performance standards, we may be subject to contractual liquidated damages. As of December 31, 2022, we had a contingent liability for issued and outstanding standby letters of credit, generally issued to secure performance on customer contracts. As of December 31, 2022, we had 0.5 million of letters of credit under the Revolving Credit Facility sublimit and 0.4 million of outstanding cash collateralized standby letters of credit pursuant to a prior revolving credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and there were no amounts drawn upon these letters of credit. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding payment and performance surety bonds on projects of 59.2 million. Our subsidiaries also provide financial guarantees for certain contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of our consolidated financial statements and related notes requires us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We have based our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. An accounting policy is considered critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the consolidated financial statements. We believe that the following critical accounting policies reflect the significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. The following descriptions of critical accounting policies, judgments and estimates should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. Revenue Recognition. We provide construction, maintenance, and support services to customers in energy, power, and industrial end markets. Our services, which are provided through long-term maintenance or discrete project agreements, are designed to improve or sustain our customers operating efficiencies and extend the useful lives of their process equipment. The contracts are awarded on a competitively bid and negotiated basis with the majority structured as cost-plus arrangements and the remainder as lump-sum. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Our contracts generally include a single performance obligation for which revenue is recognized over time, as performance obligations are satisfied, due to the continuous transfer of control to the customer. For cost-plus contracts, we recognize revenue when services are performed and contractually billable based upon the hours incurred and agreed-upon hourly rates. Revenue on fixed-price contracts is recognized and invoiced over time using the cost-to-cost percentage-of-completion method. To the extent a contract is deemed to have multiple performance obligations, we allocate the transaction price of the contract to each performance obligation using our best estimate of the standalone selling price of each distinct good or service in the contract. We do not adjust the price of the contract for the effects of a significant financing component. Change orders are generally not distinct from the existing contract due to the significant integration service provided in the context of the contract and are accounted for as a modification of the existing contract and performance obligation. We believe these methods of revenue recognition most accurately reflect the economics of the transactions with our customers. Our contracts may include several types of variable consideration, including change orders, rate true-up provisions, retainage, claims, incentives, penalties, and liquidated damages. We estimate the amount of revenue to be recognized on variable consideration using estimation methods that best predict the amount of consideration to which we expect to be entitled. We include variable consideration in the estimated transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur or when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Our estimates of variable consideration and determination of whether to include estimated amounts in the transaction price are based on an assessment of our anticipated performance and all information (historical, current, and forecasted) that is reasonably available. We update our estimate of the transaction price each reporting period and the effect of variable consideration on the transaction price is recognized as an adjustment to revenue on a cumulative catch-up basis. In circumstances where we cannot reasonably determine the outcome of a contract, we recognize revenue over time as the work is performed, but only to the extent of recoverable costs incurred (i.e., zero margin). A loss provision is recorded for the amount of any estimated unrecoverable costs in excess of total estimated revenue on a contract as soon as we become aware. We generally provide a limited warranty for a term of two years or less following completion of services performed under our contracts. Historically, warranty claims have not resulted in material costs incurred. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we recognized increases in estimated costs at completion and related gross profit margins related to several projects in Jacksonville, Florida. The Company increased its prior estimates related to the costs of executing the contracts to completion, which led to a decrease in the recognized revenues to date under the percentage of completion revenue recognition methodology. As a result of these changes, net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 7.8 million and basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 0.30 per share. Long-Lived Assets. Long-lived assets, such as property, plant, and equipment, and purchased intangible assets subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. If circumstances require a long-lived asset held for use to be tested for possible impairment, we first compare the undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset to the carrying value of the asset. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds expected future cash flows, the excess of the carrying value over the estimated fair value is charged to impairment expense in the consolidated statements of operations. Assets held for sale are reported at the lower of their carrying value, less estimated costs to sell. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values and third-party independent appraisals, as considered necessary. We group long-lived assets by legal entity for purposes of recognition and measurement of an impairment loss, as this is the lowest level for which cash flows are independent. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually as of October 1 and whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Our indefinite-lived intangible asset consists of the Williams trade name. Our testing of goodwill for potential impairment involves the comparison of each reporting unit s carrying value to its estimated fair value, which is determined using a combination of income, market and cost approaches. For purposes of the income approach, fair value is determined based on the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at an appropriate risk-adjusted rate. We use our internal forecasts to estimate future cash flows and include an estimate of long-term future growth rates based on our most recent views of the long-term outlook for our reporting unit. Under the market approach, the fair value is determined by utilizing comparative market multiples in the valuation estimates. The cost approach is based on the assumption that a prudent investor would pay no more for a security or asset than the amount at which it could be replaced or reproduced and is performed by estimating the replacement cost. The fair value of our Williams reporting unit exceeded book value on December 31, 2022. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Similarly, the testing of our trade names for potential impairment involves the comparison of the carrying value for each trade name to its estimated fair value, which is determined using the relief from royalty method. Impairment write-downs are charged to results of operations in the period in which the impairment is determined. We recorded no impairment write-downs in 2022. Income Taxes. We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. We measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to be applied to taxable income in the years in which those differences are expected to be recovered or settled. We recognize income as a result of changes in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities in the period that includes the enactment date. Under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 740 Income Taxes, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB requires companies to assess whether valuation allowances should be established against their deferred tax assets based on the consideration of all available positive and negative evidence and utilizing a more likely than not standard. In making such assessments, significant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. A company s current or previous operating history is given more weight than its future outlook, although we do consider future taxable income projections, ongoing tax planning strategies and the limitation on the use of carryforward losses in determining valuation allowance needs. We establish valuation allowances for our deferred tax assets if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion of or all the deferred tax assets will not be realized. During the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We recognize the tax benefit from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not to be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. We believe that our benefits and accruals recognized are appropriate for all open audit years based on our assessment of many factors, including past experience and interpretation of tax law. This assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and may involve a series of complex judgments about future events. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is determined to be different than the amounts recorded, those differences will impact income tax expense in the period in which the determination is made. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was signed into law, making significant changes to the Internal Revenue Code. Such changes include, but are not limited to, a 15 corporate minimum income tax and a 1 excise tax on corporate stock repurchases in tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. While these tax law changes have no immediate effect and are not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations going forward, the Company will continue to evaluate the Inflation Reduction Act s impact as further information becomes available. Insurance. The Company maintains insurance coverage for most insurable aspects of its business and operations. The Company s insurance programs, including, but not limited to, health, general liability, and workers compensation, have varying coverage limits depending upon the type of insurance. We retain exposure to potential losses based on deductibles, coverage limits and retentions. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, insurance expense, including insurance premiums related to the excess claim coverage and claims incurred for continuing operations, was 6.4 million and 5.2 million, respectively. The Company s consolidated balance sheets include amounts representing its probable estimated liability related to insurance-related claims that are known and have been asserted against the Company, and for insurance-related claims that are believed to have been incurred but had not yet been reported as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company provided 0.9 million in letters of credit and provided cash collateral of 1.5 million, as security for possible workers compensation claims. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements The Company did not implement any new accounting pronouncements during the year ended December 31, 2022. However, the Company is currently evaluating the impact of future disclosures that may arise under recent SEC proposals. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Dat a. The financial statements and other information required by this Item are contained in the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure based on the definition of disclosure controls and procedures in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. The Company s management, under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of that date, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weaknesses described below. However, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that, notwithstanding the identified material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, the financial statements in this Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with GAAP. Material Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting that existed as of December 31, 2022. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. We have determined that we did not design and maintain effective user access controls to adequately restrict user access and the ability to modify financial data within certain financial applications, including ensuring appropriate segregation of duties relating to the preparation and review of journal entries in these financial applications. As part of closing our books for the second quarter of 2022, we identified immaterial errors that indicated an additional deficiency existed in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we did not have controls designed effectively for the secondary reviews of potential loss accruals and approval of certain expenses. The foregoing control deficiencies did not result in a misstatement of the Company s annual or interim consolidated financial statements. However, these control deficiencies could have resulted in misstatements of interim or annual consolidated financial statements and disclosures that may have been material. Therefore, management has concluded that: (1) each of the above control deficiencies constitutes a material weakness; and (2) in turn, the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Management s Plan to Remediate the Material Weakness Management has evaluated the material weakness described above and is in the process of updating its design and implementation of internal control over financial reporting to remediate the aforementioned material weakness and enhance the Company s internal control environment. However, the implemented and enhanced controls have not operated for a sufficient period of time to demonstrate that the material weakness was remediated as of December 31, 2022. We are committed to continuing to improve our internal control processes and will continue to diligently and vigorously review our financial reporting controls and procedures. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues within a company are detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, utilizing the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). The COSO framework summarizes each of the components of a company s internal control system, including (i) the control environment, (ii) risk assessment, (iii) control activities, (iv) information and communication and (v) monitoring. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 was not effective due to the following material weakness that was identified by management: We did not design and maintain effective user access controls to adequately restrict user access and the ability to modify financial data within certain financial applications, including ensuring appropriate segregation of duties relating to the preparation and review of journal entries in these financial applications. We did not have controls designed effectively for the secondary reviews for approval of potential loss accruals and certain expenses. 
 The control deficiencies identified above did not result in a misstatement of the Company s annual or interim consolidated financial statements. However, this control deficiency could have resulted in misstatements of interim or annual consolidated financial statements and disclosures that may have been material. This Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this Form 10-K. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting While we continue to implement design enhancements to our internal control procedures, we believe that, other than the changes described above regarding the ongoing remediation efforts, there were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting which were identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) under the Exchange Act during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Informatio n. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Part II I Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The information required by Item 10 with respect to our executive officers is included in Part I of this Form 10-K under the caption Information about our Executive Officers . The other information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information included under the captions Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, and The Board, its Committees and its Compensation Board Leadership Structure and Committee Composition in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or to an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K/A ), which we plan to file within 120 days after December 31, 2022, the end of our fiscal year. The Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which outlines the principles of legal and ethical business conduct under which we do business. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is applicable to all of our directors, officers, and employees. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available under the heading Governance Governance Documents of the Investor Relations section of our website at http://www.wisgrp.com. Upon written request to our Corporate Secretary sent to our principal executive offices, we will provide a copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics free of charge. Any substantive amendment of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and any waiver of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for executive officers or directors, will be made only after approval by the Board or a committee of the Board, and will be disclosed on our website. In addition, any such waiver will be disclosed within four days on a Form 8-K filed with the SEC if then required by applicable rules and regulations. Item 11. Executive Compensation. The information required by Item 11 is incorporated by reference to the information included under the captions Executive Compensation, The Board, its Committees and its Compensation Director Compensation and The Board, its Committees and its Compensation 2022 Director Compensation in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or to the Form 10-K/A. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The information required by Item 12 is incorporated by reference to the information included under the captions Executive Compensation Equity Compensation Plan Information and Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or to the Form 10-K/A. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions , and Director Independence. The information required by Item 13 is incorporated by reference to the information included under the captions Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and The Board, its Committees and its Compensation Director Independence in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or to the Form 10-K/A. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The information required by Item 14 is incorporated by reference to the information included under the caption Proposal No. 2 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or to the Form 10-K/A. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. Documents filed as part of this Report: Financial Statements: The following reports of our independent accountants and our consolidated financial statements are set forth in the index beginning on page F-1: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 List of Exhibits We agree to furnish to the SEC, upon request, copies of any long-term debt instruments that authorize an amount of securities constituting 10 or less of the total assets of Williams on a consolidated basis. 

Exhibit Description 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 10 (Commission File No. 001-16501) filed with the Commission on April 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 3.2 Certificate of Amendment, dated June 30, 2010, to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to our Amendment No. 2 to Form 10 filed with the Commission on July 20, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 3.3 Second Certificate of Amendment, dated June 27, 2018, to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 29, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 3.4 Fourth Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to our Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 29, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 29, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.2 Description of the Company s Registered Securities (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.1 Election and Nomination Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2016 and effective May 25, 2016, by and among (i) Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, L.P., Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, L.P. I, Wynnefield Small Cap Value Offshore Fund, Ltd., Wynnefield Capital, Inc. Profit Sharing Money Purchase Plan, Wynnefield Capital Management, LLC, and Wynnefield Capital, Inc. and (ii) the Company (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 1, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.2 Short-Term Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 26, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.3 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended and restated as of March 15, 2022) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 17, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.4 Executive Severance Plan, as Amended and Restated on August 19, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 8 K filed with the Commission on September 25, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.5 Employment Agreement, dated June 20, 2018, by and between the Company and Tracy D. Pagliara (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 26, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.6 Employment Agreement, dated August 12, 2019, between the Company and Charles E. Wheelock (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to our Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 14, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.7 Form of Restricted Shares Award Agreement (dated January 22, 2019) (filed as Exhibit 10.42 to our Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 1, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.8 Employment Agreement, dated September 30, 2019, between the Company and Randall R. Lay (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on November 14, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.9 Form of Time-Based Award Agreement (March 31, 2020) (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to our Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 13, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.10 Form of Performance-Based Award Agreement (March 31, 2020) (filed as Exhibit 10.20 to our Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.11 Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement, dated December 16, 2020, among Williams Industrial Services Group Inc., as borrower, EICF Agent LLC, as agent, and the other credit parties party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.24 to our Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.12 First Amendment to Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2022, by and among Williams Industrial Services Group Inc., Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., Williams Industrial Services, LLC, Williams Specialty Services, LLC, Williams Plant Services, LLC, Williams Global Services, Inc., and Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, as borrowers, Global Power Professional Services Inc., GPEG, LLC, Steam Enterprises LLC, WISG Canada Ltd., WISG Nuclear Ltd., and WISG Electrical Ltd., as guarantors, and EICF Agent LLC, as agent, and the lenders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 11, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 10.13 Second Amendment to Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2022, by and among Williams Industrial Services Group Inc., Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., Williams Industrial Services, LLC, Williams Specialty Services, LLC, Williams Plant Services, LLC, Williams Global Services, Inc., and Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, as borrowers, Global Power Professional Services Inc., GPEG, LLC, Steam Enterprises LLC, WISG Canada Ltd., WISG Nuclear Ltd., WISG Electrical Ltd. and WISG Electrical, LLC, as guarantors, and EICF Agent LLC, as agent, and the lenders party thereto. 10.14 Third Amendment to Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement, dated as of January 9, 2023, by and among Williams Industrial Services Group Inc., Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., Williams Industrial Services, LLC, Williams Specialty Services, LLC, Williams Plant Services, LLC, Williams Global Services, Inc., and Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, as borrowers, Global Power Professional Services Inc., GPEG, LLC, Steam Enterprises LLC, WISG Canada Ltd., WISG Nuclear Ltd., WISG Electrical Ltd. and WISG Electrical, LLC, as guarantors, and EICF Agent LLC, as agent, and the lenders party thereto. 10.15 Fourth Amendment to Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2023, by and among Williams Industrial Services Group Inc., Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., Williams Industrial Services, LLC, Williams Specialty Services, LLC, Williams Plant Services, LLC, Williams Global Services, Inc., and Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, as borrowers, Global Power Professional Services Inc., GPEG, LLC, Steam Enterprises LLC, WISG Canada Ltd., WISG Nuclear Ltd., WISG Electrical Ltd. and WISG Electrical, LLC, as guarantors, and EICF Agent LLC, as agent, and the lenders party thereto. 10.16 Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated December 16, 2020, among Williams Industrial Services Group Inc., Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., Williams Industrial Services, LLC, Williams Specialty Services, LLC, Williams Plant Services, LLC, Williams Global Services, Inc., and Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, as borrowers, Global Power Professional Services Inc., GPEG, LLC, Steam Enterprises LLC, WISG Canada Ltd., WISG Nuclear Ltd. and WISG Electrical Ltd., as guarantors, and PNC Bank, National Association, as agent, and the lenders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.25 to our Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.17 First Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2022, by and among Williams Industrial Services Group Inc., Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., Williams Industrial Services, LLC, Williams Specialty Services, LLC, Williams Plant Services, LLC, Williams Global Services, Inc., and Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, as borrowers, Global Power Professional Services Inc., GPEG, LLC, Steam Enterprises LLC, WISG Canada Ltd., WISG Nuclear Ltd. and WISG Electrical Ltd., as guarantors, and PNC Bank, National Association, as agent, and the lenders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 11, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.18 Second Amendment, Joinder and Waiver to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2022, by and among Williams Industrial Services Group Inc., Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., Williams Industrial Services, LLC, Williams Specialty Services, LLC, Williams Plant Services, LLC, Williams Global Services, Inc., Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, and WISG Electrical, LLC, as borrowers, Global Power Professional Services Inc., GPEG, LLC, Steam Enterprises LLC, WISG Canada Ltd., WISG Nuclear Ltd. and WISG Electrical Ltd., as guarantors, and PNC Bank, National Association, as agent, and the lenders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on November 14, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.19 Third Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of January 9, 2023, by and among Williams Industrial Services Group Inc., Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., Williams Industrial Services, LLC, Williams Specialty Services, LLC, Williams Plant Services, LLC, Williams Global Services, Inc., Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, and WISG Electrical, LLC, as borrowers, Global Power Professional Services Inc., GPEG, LLC, Steam Enterprises LLC, WISG Canada Ltd., WISG Nuclear Ltd. and WISG Electrical Ltd., as guarantors, and PNC Bank, National Association, as agent, and the lenders party thereto. 10.20 Consent and Fourth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2023, by and among Williams Industrial Services Group Inc., Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., Williams Industrial Services, LLC, Williams Specialty Services, LLC, Williams Plant Services, LLC, Williams Global Services, Inc., Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, and WISG Electrical, LLC, as borrowers, Global Power Professional Services Inc., GPEG, LLC, Steam Enterprises LLC, WISG Canada Ltd., WISG Nuclear Ltd. and WISG Electrical Ltd., as guarantors, and PNC Bank, National Association, as agent, and the lenders party thereto. 10.21 Form of Time-Based Unit Agreement (March 31, 2021) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 19, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.22 Form of Performance-Based Award Agreement (March 31, 2021) (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 19, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 10.23 Employment Agreement, dated November 15, 2021, between the Company and Damien Vassall (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on November 17, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.24 Form of Restricted Shares Award Agreement (Non-Employee Directors) (2022) (filed as Exhibit 10.23 to our Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 16, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.25 Form of Time-Based Restricted Share Unit Agreement (2022) (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 12, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.26 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Share Unit Agreement (2022) (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 12, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.27 Unsecured Promissory Note, dated January 9, 2023, by and among Williams Industrial Services Group Inc. and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP. 10.28 Unsecured Promissory Note, dated January 9, 2023, by and among Williams Industrial Services Group Inc. and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP I. 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Company. 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Moss Adams LLP). 24.1 Powers of Attorney for our directors and certain executive officers (included on signature page). 31.1 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 32.2 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 101 The following financial statements from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iv) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Certain schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Registration S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished supplementally to the SEC upon request. Filed herewith. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. None. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Dated: March 31, 2023 WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. By: /s/ Tracy D. Pagliara Tracy D. Pagliara, President and Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY Each individual whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Tracy D. Pagliara, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Charles E. Wheelock, Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary, and each of them singly, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all the said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. r 

NAME TITLE DATE /s/ Tracy D. Pagliara Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) March 31, 2023 Tracy D. Pagliara /s/ Damien A. Vassall Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) March 31, 2023 Damien A. Vassall /s/ Robert B. Mills Director and Chairman of the Board March 31, 2023 Robert B. Mills /s/ D AVID A. B. B ROWN Director March 31, 2023 David A. B. Brown /s/ S TEVEN D. D AVIS Director March 31, 2023 Steven D. Davis /s/ L INDA A. G OODSPEED Director March 31, 2023 Linda A. Goodspeed /s/ N ELSON O BUS Director March 31, 2023 Nelson Obus /s/ Mitchell I. Quain Director March 31, 2023 Mitchell I. Quain 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Williams Industrial Services Group Inc. and Subsidiaries Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-8 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-10 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors Williams Industrial Services Group Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Williams Industrial Services Group, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern Uncertainty The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has liquidity constraints that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinions These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 Revenue Recognition Under Percentage of Completion Accounting As described in Note 3 and 10, the Company has fixed-price contracts which generally include a single performance obligation for which revenue is recognized over time, as performance obligations are satisfied, due to the continuous transfer of control to the customer. The Company recognizes revenues for fixed-price contracts over the contract term (over time) as construction work progresses. The accounting for these contracts involves judgement as it relates to determining total estimated revenue (transaction price) and estimating total costs to be incurred at contract completion. Costs of operations are typically recognized as incurred, and the Company s revenues, including estimated profits, are recorded proportionately as costs are incurred based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion for the respective performance obligations. Assumptions as to the occurrence of future events and the likelihood and amount of variable consideration, including the impact of change orders, rate true-up provisions, retainage, penalties, and liquidated damages are made during the contract performance period (collectively referred to as variable consideration). The Company estimates variable consideration at the most likely amount it expects to receive and includes estimated amounts in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Given the significant judgement necessary to account for the Company s fixed-price contracts including total costs to be incurred at contract completion and variable consideration, which are complex and subject to many variables, auditing the corresponding balances and related accounting estimates required extensive audit effort due to the complexity of these estimates, and a high degree of auditor judgment when performing audit procedures and evaluating the results of those procedures. The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: Testing a selection of fixed-price contracts focusing on risk-based characteristics. We evaluated the assumptions and judgments underlying the accounting for these significant contracts as follows:Compared management s estimated costs to complete to historical contract performance relative to overall contractual commitments and estimated gross margin at December 31, 2022. 
 o Compared management s estimated costs to complete to historical contract performance relative to overall contractual commitments and estimated gross margin at December 31, 2022. o Compared a sample of material and labor costs to underlying third party invoices and payroll records. o Performed an analysis at the contract level comparing actual gross profit to prior year estimated gross profit for the same contract to evaluate management s ability to estimate costs and variable consideration. o Confirmed contract terms and applicable balances with direct correspondence with the Company s customers and performed alternative procedures for confirmations not replied to which included the review of contracts, purchase orders and cash receipts. 
 Valuation of Goodwill and Indefinite Lived Intangibles As described in note 3 and 7, goodwill and indefinite lived intangibles are tested for impairment annually the Company at the reporting unit level unless an interim test is required due to the presence of indicators that goodwill and indefinite lived intangibles may be impaired. Significant judgment is required by management in determining if impairment is present and at what amount. The impairment test requires management to make significant assumptions to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit. Fair value is estimated by management based on a combination of income and market approaches. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 Given these factors, auditing management s quantitative impairment tests for goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our valuation specialists. The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: Evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast future cash flows by comparing actual results to management s historical forecasts;
 Evaluated management s projected revenues and cash flows by comparing the projections to the underlying business strategies and growth plans and performed a sensitivity analysis related to the key inputs to projected cash flows, including revenue growth rates, to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the reporting unit that would result from changes in assumptions; and
 Involving our valuation specialists to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the Company s discounted cash flow method (ii) the reasonableness of management s significant assumption related to the discount rates and (iii) reasonableness by management in determining the comparability of comparable public company multiples and precedent transactions.
 
 /s/ Moss Adams LLP Dallas, Texas March 31, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET S 

December 31, (in thousands, except share data) 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and , respectively Contract assets Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation and benefits Contract liabilities Short-term borrowings Current portion of long-term debt Other current liabilities Current liabilities of discontinued operations Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Deferred tax liabilities Other long-term liabilities Long-term liabilities of discontinued operations Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11, 14, and 15) Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value, shares authorized and and shares issued, respectively, and and shares outstanding, respectively Paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Treasury stock, at par and common shares, respectively) ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATION S 

Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Selling and marketing expenses General and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization expense Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) Interest expense, net Other income, net ) ) Total other (income) expense, net ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations before income tax expense ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Income from discontinued operations Net income (loss) ) Basic earnings (loss) per common share Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Income from discontinued operations Basic earnings (loss) per common share ) Diluted earnings (loss) per common share Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Income from discontinued operations Diluted earnings (loss) per common share ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Net income (loss) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Comprehensive income ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUIT Y 

Accumulated Common Shares Other Per Share Paid-in Comprehensive Accumulated Treasury Shares (in thousands, except share data) Shares Amount Capital Income (Loss) Deficit Shares Amount Total Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Issuance of restricted stock awards - - - - - - - Issuance of restricted stock units - - - Tax withholding on restricted stock units - ) - - - - ) Share-based compensation - - - - - - Foreign currency translation - - - ) - - - ) Net income - - - - - - Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) Issuance of restricted stock awards - - - - - - - Issuance of restricted stock units - - - - - - Tax withholding on restricted stock units - ) - - - ) Share-based compensation - - - - - - Foreign currency translation - - - ) - - - ) Net loss - - - - ) - - ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW S 

Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Net income from discontinued operations ) ) Deferred income tax provision (benefit) ) Depreciation and amortization on plant, property and equipment Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of debt discount Bad debt expense Stock-based compensation Paid-in-kind interest Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Contract assets ) ) Other current assets ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued and other liabilities ) ) Contract liabilities Net cash used in operating activities, continuing operations ) ) Net cash used in operating activities, discontinued operations ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Investing activities: Purchase of property, plant and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Repurchase of stock-based awards for payment of statutory taxes due on stock-based compensation ) ) Proceeds from short-term borrowings Repayments of short-term borrowings ) ) Repayments of long-term debt ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate change on cash ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year Supplemental Disclosures: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 F-10 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 separate amendments to each of the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) and Term Loan (as defined below) in the third and fourth quarters of 2022 , and an additional two separate amendments to such agreements during the first quarter of 2023. The first two amendments, among other things, revised certain terms contained in the Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility, respectively, and deferred principal payments on the Term Loan due on January 1, 2023 to January 9, 2023. The third and fourth amendments entered into during the first quarter of 2023, among other things, revised certain terms contained in the Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility and provided for delayed draw term loans under the Term Loan in an aggregate principal amount of million, which were funded at the time the amendment was signed, and discretionary delayed draw term loans in an aggregate principal amount of million, which will be funded at the lenders discretion. During the first quarter of 2023, the Company also issued unsecured promissory notes Wynnefield Notes in favor of the Wynnefield Lenders (as defined below) in an aggregate principal amount of and , respectively. In connection with the preparation of the consolidated financial statements, management assessed the Company s financial condition and concluded that the following primary factors, taken in the aggregate, raised substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the twelve-month period following the issuance of this Form 10-K. Significant losses incurred on a number of fixed price contracts in the Company s Florida water business, which have been the subject of prior disclosures. Start-up costs related to the Company s entry into the transmission and distribution market, which have utilized cash resources and, while ultimately anticipated to benefit the Company s business, have negatively impacted liquidity. Failure to convert pipeline opportunities into revenue, which have had the effect of delaying the Company s receipt of cash from such opportunities. Delays in collecting cash receipts from customers. 
 To address the negative cash flows in the Company s business, the Company has developed a liquidity plan, the implementation of which management believes will alleviate the substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern during the twelve-month period following the issuance of this Form 10-K. The liquidity plan included the Company entering into four amendments to the Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility, and issuing unsecured promissory notes. The liquidity plan will continue to be refined as circumstances dictate, contemplates the following key elements, in which the Company will: Exit non-performing businesses, including those in the transmission and distribution market and water market; Lower the cost of services by removing nonbillable expenses that cannot be recovered; Aggressively reduce operating expenses; and 
 F-11 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 F-12 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 percent participation interest in this LLC, with distribution of expected gains and losses being proportionate to its participation interest. Although the LLC holds the construction contract with the client, the services required by the contract are performed by either the LLC, the Company, or the other member of the LLC, or by other subcontractors under subcontracting agreements with the LLC. The Company accounts for its investment in this LLC using the equity method. The Company s investment in this LLC was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was included in other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Accounts receivable related to work performed for the Company s unconsolidated investment in the LLC, included in accounts receivable, net, on the consolidated balance sheets, was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s pro-rata share of net income from the LLC was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was included in other (income) expense, net, on the consolidated statements of operations. In addition, the Company received a dividend in 2022 of million for the period ended December 31, 2021 but did not receive a dividend for the period ended on December 31, 2022. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 and of its revenue in the U.S. and Canada, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company earned and of its revenue in the U.S. and Canada, respectively. or less following completion of services performed under its contracts. Historically, warranty claims have not resulted in material costs incurred. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized increases in estimated costs at completion and related gross profit margins related to several projects in Jacksonville, Florida. The Company increased its prior estimates related to the costs of executing the contracts to completion, which led to a decrease in the recognized revenues to date under the percentage of completion revenue recognition methodology. As a result of these changes, net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by , and basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by per share. million of its operating cash balance in U.S. bank accounts and million in Canadian bank accounts. million, held in escrow for certain indemnities as claims on a divested subsidiary. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 or less. The Company manages its exposure to warranty claims by having its field service and quality assurance personnel regularly monitor projects and maintain ongoing and regular communications with its customers. Historically, warranty claims have not resulted in material costs incurred, and any estimated costs for warranties are included in the individual project cost estimates for purposes of accounting for long-term contracts. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 period. For all awards with graded vesting, other than awards with performance-based vesting conditions, the Company records compensation expense for the entire award on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. For graded-vesting awards with performance-based vesting conditions, total compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period for each separately vesting tranche of the award as if the award is, in substance, multiple awards once performance criteria are set. For market-based awards that cliff vest, total compensation expense is recorded on a straight-line basis over the requisite performance period. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense related to performance-based and market-based awards based upon its determination of the potential likelihood of achievement of the specified performance conditions at each reporting date. Stock-based compensation expense is primarily included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 . Most leases contain renewal options for varying periods, which are at the Company s sole discretion and included in the expected lease term if they are reasonably certain of being exercised. For leases beginning in 2019 and thereafter, the Company accounts for lease components, such as fixed payments including rent, real estate taxes, and insurance costs, separately from the non-lease components, such as common area maintenance costs. For leases with terms greater than twelve months, the Company records the related right-of-use assets and lease liabilities at the present value of the fixed lease payments over the term at the commencement date. The Company uses its incremental borrowing rate to determine the present value of the lease as the rate implicit in the lease is typically not readily determinable. Short-term leases (leases with an initial term of twelve months or less or leases that are cancelable by the lessee and lessor without significant penalties) are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The majority of the Company s short-term leases relate to equipment used in delivering services to its customers. These leases are entered into at agreed upon hourly, daily, weekly, or monthly rental rates for an unspecified duration and typically have a termination for convenience provision. Such equipment leases are considered short-term in nature unless it is reasonably certain that the equipment will be leased for a term greater than twelve months. On September 2, 2021, the Company made the decision to relocate its corporate headquarters to Atlanta, Georgia and entered into a lease agreement. The Company completed its relocation in March 2022. The lease is presented as a right-of-use asset and lease liability and the lease liability amounts to million with a present value of million over a term. If the Company defaults, the landlord has the right to use the security deposit for rent or other payments due to other damages, injury, expense or liability as defined in the lease agreement. Although the security deposit shall be deemed the property of the landlord, any remaining balance of the security deposit shall be returned by the landlord to the Company after termination of the lease as the Company s obligations under the lease have been fulfilled. The Company subleased a portion of its former office space and collected of sublease income during 2022. The components of lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: Short-term lease cost Sublease income ) ) Total lease cost Lease cost related to finance leases was not significant for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Lease Liabilities Short-term lease liabilities Other current liabilities Long-term lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total lease liabilities Supplemental information related to the Company s leases for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases years years Weighted-average remaining lease term - finance leases years years Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases Weighted-average discount rate - finance leases Total remaining lease payments under the Company s operating and finance leases for the year ended December 31, 2022 are as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: interest ) Present value of lease liabilities million related to Koontz-Wagner s International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local Union 1392 IBEW multi-employer pension plan. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million. The pension liability is expected to be satisfied by annual cash payments of million each, paid in quarterly installments, through 2038. The Company recorded a gain on disposal of approximately million in 2021 to reduce its previously recorded estimated withdrawal liability to the new amount. Mechanical Solutions During the third quarter of 2017, the Company made the decision to exit and sell substantially all of the operating assets and liabilities of its Mechanical Solutions segment and determined that the decision to exit this segment met the definition of a discontinued operation. As a result, this segment has been presented as a discontinued operation for all periods presented. As of each of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any assets related to its Electrical and Mechanical Solutions discontinued operations. The following table presents a reconciliation of the carrying amounts of major classes of liabilities of Electrical and Mechanical Solutions discontinued operations: Liability for pension obligation Liability for uncertain tax positions Long-term liabilities of discontinued operations Total liabilities of discontinued operations The following table presents a reconciliation of the major classes of line items constituting the net income (loss) from discontinued operations. In accordance with GAAP, the amounts in the table below do not include an allocation of corporate overhead. Loss (gain) on disposal - Electrical Solutions ) Interest expense Income (loss) from discontinued operations before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Income from discontinued operations 
 F-19 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 - Machinery and equipment - Furniture and fixtures - Capital lease assets Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net Depreciation expense was approximately million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. No impairment charges on property, plant and equipment were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. million of unamortizable indefinite-lived intangible assets related to its Williams Industrial Services Group trade name. The Company did not incur any amortization expense for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company determines the fair value of its trade name using the relief from royalty method. Under that method, the fair value of the trade name is determined by calculating the present value of the after-tax cost savings associated with owning the asset and therefore not having to pay royalties for its use for the remainder of its estimated useful life. As a result of the Company s annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment analysis as of October 1, 2022 and 2021, the Company determined the fair value of its trade name exceeded its book value; therefore, no impairment charge was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually as of October 1 and whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. In accordance with ASC 350 Intangibles Goodwill and Other, the Company observed certain qualitative circumstances related to performance and current market conditions that indicated the potential for impairment in 2022. As a result the Company engaged an independent consulting firm to perform its annual goodwill impairment analysis as of October 1, 2022, and determined that the fair value of its reporting unit exceeded its book value, and accordingly, no impairment charge was necessary for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Estimating the fair value of reporting units and trade names requires the use of estimates and significant judgments that are based on a number of factors including current and historical actual operating results, balance sheet carrying values, the Company s most recent forecasts, and other relevant quantitative and qualitative information, including an estimated rate of return and discount rate. If current or expected conditions deteriorate, it is reasonably possible that the judgments and estimates described above could change in future periods and result in impairment charges. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)) ) Foreign ) Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations ) Income (loss) before income tax expense ) The following table summarizes the income tax expense (benefit) by jurisdiction: Total current ) Deferred: Federal ) State ) Foreign ) Total deferred ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Income tax expense (benefit) was allocated between continuing operations and discontinued operations as follows: Discontinued operations ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 F-21 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Effective Tax Rate Reconciliation The amount of the income tax expense (benefit) for continuing operations during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 differs from the statutory federal income tax rate of was as follows: Difference resulting from state income taxes, net of federal income tax benefits ) State tax rate difference ) ) ) Non-deductible expenses, other ) APB 23 DTL ) Change in net operating loss carryforward ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) ) Change in foreign tax credits ) Other, net ) Total tax expense (benefit) ) Deferred Taxes The significant components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities for continuing operations consisted of the following: Reserves and other accruals Tax credit carryforwards Accrued compensation and benefits State net operating loss carryforwards Federal net operating loss carryforwards Gain/loss on assets held for sale Other Liabilities: Indefinite life intangibles ) ) Property and equipment ) ) Net deferred tax assets Valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets ) ) Net deferred tax liability after valuation allowance ) ) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a net deferred tax liability related to its continuing operations of million and million, respectively. The net deferred tax liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 predominantly related to indefinite-lived intangible deferred tax liabilities that can be used to offset deferred tax assets without valuation allowances. A net increase in valuation allowances related to continuing operations of million as of December 31, 2022 was recorded against the gross deferred tax asset balances as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company would need to generate million of future U.S. pre-tax income to realize its deferred tax assets. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million of federal net operating loss carryforwards expiring between 2026 and 2037 and state operating loss carryforwards of million expiring between 2023 and 2042 . The Company has million of foreign operating loss carryforwards that will expire in 2027 . The Company has million in foreign tax credit carryforwards expiring between 2023 and 2027 . Under the Internal Revenue Code, the amount of and the benefits from net operating loss NOL and tax credit carryforwards may be limited or permanently impaired in certain circumstances. In addition, under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the Tax Act ), the amount of post 2017 NOLs that the Company is permitted to deduct in any taxable year is limited to of its taxable income in such year, where taxable income is determined without regard to the NOL deduction itself. The Tax Act also generally eliminates the ability to carry back any NOL to prior taxable years, while allowing post 2017 unused NOLs to be carried forward indefinitely. Valuation Allowances The Company reviews, at least annually, the components of its deferred tax assets. This review is to ascertain that, based upon all of the information available at the time of the preparation of the financial statements, it is more likely than not, that the Company expects to utilize these deferred tax assets in the future. If the Company determines that it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will not be utilized, a valuation allowance is recorded, reducing the deferred tax asset to the amount expected to be realized. Many factors are considered in the determination that the deferred tax assets more likely than not will be realized, including recent cumulative earnings, expectations regarding future taxable income, length of carryforward periods, and other relevant quantitative and qualitative factors. The recoverability of the deferred tax assets is determined by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings, and tax planning strategies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company carried million of deferred income tax liabilities related to indefinite-lived intangibles. Because NOLs generated in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 can be carried forward indefinitely under the Tax Act, based upon all of the information available at the time of the preparation of the financial statements, the Company concluded that it is more likely than not that the reversal of taxable temporary differences related to indefinite-lived intangible assets can be used as a source of future taxable income when assessing the realizability of these loss carryforwards that do not expire when they are in the same jurisdiction and of the same character. The Company also determined that it is more likely than not that the reversal of taxable temporary differences related to indefinite-lived intangible assets can be used as a source of future taxable income when assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets that upon reversal would give rise to NOLs that do not expire. The Company recorded income tax benefit from continuing operations of less than million for the year ended December 31, 2022, mainly comprised of a million Canadian deferred tax benefit, partially offset by the indefinite lived deferred tax assets related to post 2017 NOLs and Section 163(j) interest addback carryover that are allowed to be applied against the deferred tax liabilities related to the indefinite lived intangible assets. The Company was eligible for the High Tax Exception and did not incur Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income GILTI tax liability in 2022. The Company continues to have a full valuation allowance against its foreign deferred tax assets except for the Canadian subsidiary. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had valuation allowances for deferred tax assets related to its continuing operations in the amount of million and million, respectively. 
 F-23 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million to the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Canadian subsidiary had million in undistributed earnings that is expected to be distributed within 12 months. Williams formed the Canadian subsidiary in 2018 without significant capital and the majority of the undistributed earnings was expected to be repatriated as dividends to the United States at the United States-Canada treaty rate of . As a result, a million income tax liability was accrued as of December 31, 2022 and will be paid in early 2023. Uncertain Tax Positions A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of total unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in thousands): Reductions to unrecognized tax benefits from lapse of statutes of limitations ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits on December 31 Unrecognized tax benefits from discontinued operations on December 31 Unrecognized tax benefits from continuing operations on December 31 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company provided for a liability of approximately million and million, respectively for unrecognized tax benefits related to various federal, foreign, and state income tax matters. The Company has elected to classify interest and penalties related to uncertain income tax positions in income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022, the Company accrued million for potential payment of interest and penalties, compared with million accrued as of December 31, 2021. As of each of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate was million. In 2022, the Company released approximately million of accruals of uncertain tax positions as the statute of limitations related to these liabilities will lapse in 2022. On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security CARES Act was enacted and signed into U.S. law to provide economic relief to individuals and businesses facing economic hardship as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company has incorporated the impact of the CARES Act to the tax provision. In addition, the Company deferred payments of federal employer payroll taxes of approximately million, as permitted by the CARES Act. The first half of the deferred amounts were paid in December 2021, and the second half were paid in December 2022. The Company files a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. Currently, the Company is not under examination for income tax purposes by any taxing jurisdiction. A presentation of open tax years by jurisdiction is as follows: to Present Mexico None to Present China None to Canada None to Present 
 F-24 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Fixed-price contracts Total Disaggregated revenue by the geographic area where the work was performed was as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 United States Canada Total Contract Balances The Company enters into contracts that allow for periodic billings over the contract term that are dependent upon specific advance billing terms, as services are provided, or as milestone billings based on completion of certain phases of work. Projects with performance obligations recognized over time that have costs and estimated earnings recognized to date in excess of cumulative billings are reported in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as contract assets. Projects with performance obligations recognized over time that have cumulative billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings recognized to date are reported in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as contract liabilities. At any point in time, each project in process could have either contract assets or contract liabilities. The following table provides information about contract assets and contract liabilities from contracts with customers. Earnings recognized on uncompleted contracts Total Less billings to date ) ) Net Contract assets Contract liabilities ) ) Net For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized revenue of approximately million on approximately million in the corresponding contract liability balance on December 31, 2021. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million. Lump sum - Total 
 F-26 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Current portion of Term Loan - Current debt Term Loan Unamortized debt discount from refinancing ) ) Unamortized deferred financing costs ) ) Long-term debt, net Total debt, net Debt Refinancing On December 16, 2020 (the Closing Date ), the Company and certain of its subsidiaries refinanced and replaced its prior revolving credit facility and term loan facility and entered into (i) the Term Loan Agreement (as defined below), which provided for senior secured term loan facilities in an aggregate principal amount of up to million (collectively, the Term Loan ), consisting of a million closing date term loan facility (the Closing Date Term Loan and up to million of borrowings under a delayed draw facility (the Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility with EICF Agent LLC, as agent, and CION Investment Corporation, as a lender and a co-lead arranger, and the other lenders party thereto; and (ii) a senior secured asset-based revolving line of credit of up to million (the Revolving Credit Facility with PNC Bank, National Association PNC ). In connection with the refinancing, the Company repaid the outstanding balance of the prior facilities and all interest in full. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility and million outstanding under the Term Loan. The Company had million of interest added to the Term Loan balance related to the Third Term Loan Amendment (as defined below). Total liquidity (the sum of unrestricted cash and availability under the Revolving Credit Facility) was million on December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all debt covenants, as amended. The Revolving Credit Facility On the Closing Date, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries (the Revolving Loan Borrowers entered into the Revolving Credit and Security Agreement with PNC, as agent for the lenders, and the lenders party thereto (the Revolving Credit Agreement ), which provides for the Revolving Credit Facility. As part of the Revolving Credit Facility, the Company may access a letter of credit sublimit in an amount up to million, a swing loan sublimit in an aggregate principal amount of up to million, and a Canadian dollar sublimit in an aggregate principal amount of up to million. The Revolving Credit Agreement matures on December 16, 2025. As of December 31, 2022, borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bore interest, at the Company s election, at either (1) the base commercial lending rate of PNC, as publicly announced, plus , payable in cash on a monthly basis, (2) the Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement, as amended) based on the secured overnight financing rate SOFR ), subject to a minimum SOFR floor of , plus , payable in cash on the last day of each interest period, or (3) with respect to Canadian dollar loans, the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate CDOR ), subject to a minimum CDOR rate of , plus , payable in cash on a monthly basis. In addition, upon the occurrence of an event of default, and for so long as such event of default continues, default interest equal to per year in excess of the rate otherwise applicable will be payable. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 required minimum prepayment amount. If at any time the amount outstanding under the Revolving Credit Agreement exceeds the borrowing base, or any sublimit, in effect at such time, the excess amount will be immediately due and payable. Subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Revolving Credit Agreement also requires mandatory prepayment of outstanding amounts in the event the Revolving Loan Borrowers receive proceeds from certain events and activities, including, among others, certain asset sales and casualty events, the issuance of indebtedness and equity interests, and the recovery of any proceeds from certain specified arbitration proceedings. The Revolving Credit Agreement provides for (1) a closing fee of million, which was paid on the Closing Date, (2) a customary unused line fee equal to per year on the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility, which is payable on a quarterly basis, and (3) a collateral monitoring fee of , which is payable on a monthly basis. The Revolving Credit Agreement also provides for an early termination fee (the Early Termination Fee ), payable to the revolving lenders thereunder upon (1) any acceleration of the Obligations and termination of the Revolving Credit Agreement and the obligation of the revolving lenders to make advances thereunder following the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement), or (2) any other termination of the Revolving Credit Agreement and the obligation of revolving lenders to make advances thereunder for any reason (the Early Termination Date ). The Early Termination Fee is calculated as follows: if the Early Termination Date occurred on or prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, the Early Termination Fee would have been of the Revolving Credit Facility; and if prepayment occurs after the first anniversary of the Closing Date and on or prior to the second anniversary of the Closing Date, the Early Termination Fee will be of the Revolving Credit Facility. While any letter of credit is outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Revolving Loan Borrowers must pay a letter of credit fronting fee at a rate equal to per year, payable quarterly, in addition to any other customary fees required by the issuer of the letter of credit. The Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, as well as customary affirmative and negative covenants, in each case, with certain exceptions, limitations and qualifications. The Revolving Credit Agreement also requires the Revolving Loan Borrowers to regularly provide certain financial information to the lenders thereunder, maintain a springing minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, and comply with certain limitations on capital expenditures. Events of default under the Revolving Credit Agreement include, but are not limited to, a breach of certain covenants or any representations or warranties, failure to timely pay any amounts due and owing, the commencement of any bankruptcy or other insolvency proceeding, judgments in excess of certain acceptable amounts, the occurrence of a change in control, certain events related to ERISA matters, impairment of security interests in collateral or invalidity of guarantees or security documents, or a default or event of default under the Term Loan Agreement or the Intercreditor Agreement, in each case, with customary exceptions, limitations, grace periods and qualifications. If an event of default occurs, the revolving lenders may, among other things, declare all Obligations outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility to be immediately due and payable, together with accrued interest and fees, and exercise remedies under the collateral documents relating to the Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 F-28 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 amendment fee, plus applicable fees and expenses. The amendment fee will be expensed as incurred. On January 9, 2023, the Company entered into the third amendment to the Revolving Credit Agreement (the Third Revolving Credit Amendment ). The Third Revolving Credit Amendment, among other things, (i) modified the financial covenants to require that the Company achieve certain designated minimum levels of trailing twelve-month EBITDA (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement) as of the end of each fiscal month beginning on February 5, 2023, and ending December 31, 2023; (ii) amended the calculation of EBITDA to include (or add back certain non-recurring losses and expenses incurred in connection with projects executed by the Company s Jacksonville, Florida office, one-time costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Company s transmission and distribution business segment start-up, non-recurring costs and expenses arising out of the implementation of a new enterprise resource planning ERP system, and non-recurring costs and expenses arising out of pro forma headcount reductions implemented by the Company and certain litigation with a former executive and a competitor of the Company that was settled in the fourth quarter of 2022 (in each case, subject to certain specific dollar limits for certain fiscal quarters commencing in the second fiscal quarter of 2021 and ending December 31, 2022); (iii) provided temporary reserve relief of up to million from the date of the Third Revolving Credit Amendment until June 30, 2023; (iv) reduced the Eligible Unbilled Receivables (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement) sublimit from million to million; (v) increased the Applicable Margin (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement) by ; and (vi) provided for an amendment fee of million payable when the loan obligations under the Revolving Credit Agreement are repaid or, if earlier, June 30, 2023, and an exit fee of million to be paid upon the occurrence of certain stated events, including a prepayment or maturity of the loan obligations under the Revolving Credit Agreement. Additionally, on February 21, 2023, the Company entered into the fourth amendment to the Revolving Credit Agreement (the Fourth Revolving Credit Amendment ). The Fourth Revolving Credit Amendment, among other things, provided for the consent of PNC to the Fourth Term Loan Amendment (as defined below) and incorporated into the Revolving Credit Agreement certain of the conditions and covenants provided for in the Fourth Term Loan Amendment, including the conditions to the Delayed Draw Term Loans (as defined below), the minimum liquidity covenant and the additional reporting obligations. EICF Agent LLC, as the Term Loan Agent, and PNC, as the Revolving Loan Agent, entered into an Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, to which the Term Loan Credit Parties (as defined below) and Revolving Loan Credit Parties consented. The Intercreditor Agreement, among other things, specifies the relative lien priorities of the Term Loan Agent and Revolving Loan Agent in the relevant collateral, and contains customary provisions regarding, among other things, the rights of the Term Loan Agent and Revolving Loan Agent to take enforcement actions against the relevant collateral and certain limitations on amending the documentation governing each of the Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility. The Term Loan On the Closing Date, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries (the Term Loan Borrowers entered into the Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement with EICF Agent LLC, as agent for the lenders EICF ), CION Investment Corporation, as a lender and co-lead arranger, and the other lenders party thereto (the Term Loan Agreement ), which provides for the Term Loan. The Closing Date Term Loan was fully drawn on the Closing Date, while the Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility was available upon the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent for up to 18 months following the Closing Date and expired in June 2022. The Term Loan Agreement matures on December 16, 2025. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (if the Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement) is less than :1) or per year (if the Total Leverage Ratio is greater than or equal to :1), subject to a minimum SOFR floor of , payable in cash on a quarterly basis. In addition, upon the occurrence of an event of default, and for so long as such event of default continues, default interest equal to per year in excess of the rate otherwise applicable will be payable. The Term Loan Borrowers Obligations (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement) are guaranteed by certain of the Company s material, wholly owned subsidiaries, subject to customary exceptions (the Term Loan Guarantors and, together with the Term Loan Borrowers, the Term Loan Credit Parties ). The Term Loan Credit Parties obligations are secured by first-priority security interests on substantially all of the Term Loan Credit Parties assets, as well as a second-priority security interest on the Term Loan Credit Parties accounts receivable and inventory, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement. Subject to certain conditions, the Term Loan Borrowers may voluntarily prepay the Term Loan on any Payment Date (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement), in whole or in part, in a minimum amount of million of the outstanding principal amount, plus a prepayment fee. The prepayment fee was amended effective June 30, 2022, as described below. Subject to certain exceptions, within of the end of each calendar year, beginning with the year ended December 31, 2021, the Term Loan Borrowers must prepay the Obligations in an amount equal to (1) (i) if the Total Leverage Ratio is greater than :00:1:00, of Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement) or (ii) if the Total Leverage Ratio is equal to or less than :00:1:00 and greater than :00:1:00, of Excess Cash Flow, less (2) all voluntary prepayments made on the Term Loan during such calendar year; provided that, so long as no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, no such prepayment will be required unless Excess Cash Flow for such calendar year equals or exceeds million. The Company was not required to prepay any Obligations for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Term Loan Agreement also requires mandatory prepayment of certain amounts in the event the Term Loan Borrowers receive proceeds from certain events and activities, including, among others, certain asset sales and casualty events, the issuance of indebtedness and equity interests, and the receipt of extraordinary receipts (with certain exclusions), plus, in certain instances, the applicable prepayment fee. The Term Loan Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, as well as customary affirmative and negative covenants, in each case, with certain exceptions, limitations and qualifications. The Term Loan Agreement also requires the Term Loan Borrowers to regularly provide certain financial information to the lenders thereunder, maintain a maximum total leverage ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, and comply with certain limitations on capital expenditures. Events of default under the Term Loan Agreement include, but are not limited to, a breach of certain covenants or any representations or warranties, failure to timely pay any amounts due and owing, the commencement of any bankruptcy or other insolvency proceeding, judgments in excess of certain acceptable amounts, the occurrence of a change in control, certain events related to ERISA matters, impairment of security interests in collateral or invalidity of guarantees or security documents, or a default or event of default under the Revolving Credit Agreement or the Intercreditor Agreement, in each case, with customary exceptions, limitations, grace periods and qualifications. If an event of default occurs, the Term Loan lenders may, among other things, declare all Obligations to be immediately due and payable, together with accrued interest and fees, and exercise remedies under the collateral documents relating to the Term Loan Agreement. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 of the then-outstanding principal balance due upon maturity of the term loan without duplication of fees paid in connection with the Company s prepayment fee structure, (iv) extended the Company s existing prepayment fee structure to require upon repayment (a) prior to the first anniversary of the Signing Date, a fee of of the principal amount being repaid, (b) on or after the first anniversary of the Signing Date and prior to the second anniversary of the Signing Date, a fee of of the principal amount being repaid, and (c) on or after the second anniversary of the Signing Date, a fee of of the principal amount being repaid, and (v) provided for the payment of a million amendment fee, plus applicable fees and expenses. The Company s expense related to the Term Loan Amendment was million and will be recognized as interest expense over the remaining term of the modified Term Loan Agreement. Effective as of August 23, 2022, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement, which resolved a pending arbitration proceeding related to the restatement of the Company s financial statements in 2017 for the 2012 to 2014 period. The Company received net proceeds of million (after payment of attorney s fees and third-party funding costs) and used these net proceeds to prepay a substantial amount of the Term Loan. The million net proceeds, coupled with million scheduled principal payments, reduced the Term Loan by a total of million to million as of September 30, 2022 (including both the noncurrent and current portion of the Term Loan). On December 30, 2022, the Company entered into a second amendment to the Term Loan Agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, the lenders agreed to defer payment of the principal, and part of the interest, due on January 1, 2023 to January 9, 2023. On January 9, 2023, the Company entered into a third amendment to the Term Loan Agreement (the Third Term Loan Amendment that, among other things, (i) modified the financial covenants to require that the Company achieve certain designated minimum levels of trailing twelve-month EBITDA (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement) as of the end of each fiscal month beginning on February 5, 2023, and ending December 31, 2023; (ii) amended the calculation of EBITDA to include (or add back certain non-recurring losses and expenses incurred in connection with certain projects executed by the Company s Jacksonville, Florida office, one-time costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Company s transmission and distribution business segment start-up, non-recurring costs and expenses arising out of the implementation by the Company of a ERP system, and non-recurring costs and expenses arising out of pro forma headcount reductions implemented by the Company and certain litigation with a former executive and a competitor of the Company that was settled in the fourth quarter of 2022 (in each case, subject to certain specific dollar limits for certain fiscal quarters commencing in the second fiscal quarter of 2021 and ending December 31, 2022); (iii) adjusted the applicable interest rate to SOFR (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement) plus ; (iv) for each quarterly interest payment commencing January 1, 2023 through and including January 1, 2024, capped the amount of quarterly interest payable in cash at per annum, with the remainder being payable in kind; (v) deferred amortization payments from the January 1, 2023 quarterly payment date until and including the January 1, 2024 quarterly payment date; (vi) increased the excess cash flow sweep from to for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023 and each fiscal year thereafter; (vii) required certain additional reporting obligations, including the delivery of weekly updates of a 13-week cash flow forecast and hosting additional periodic conference calls with management and named advisors; (viii) increased, from the pre-existing levels, the permitted total leverage of the Company for the four quarter periods ended December 31, 2022 through March 31, 2024; and (ix) provided for an amendment fee equal to of the principal loan balance under the Term Loan Agreement, payable in kind. 
 F-31 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million, which were funded at the time the Fourth Term Loan Amendment was signed, and discretionary delayed draw term loans in an aggregate principal amount of million, which will be funded at the lenders discretion (together, the Delayed Draw Term Loans ), subject to the conditions set forth in the Term Loan Agreement, as amended by the Fourth Term Loan Amendment. In addition to interest being payable on the same basis as existing borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement, on the earlier to occur of the maturity date or the termination date of the Term Loan Agreement or any acceleration of the obligations under the Term Loan Agreement, additional interest equal to of the aggregate amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loans borrowed will be payable. The Fourth Term Loan Amendment also includes a minimum liquidity covenant. The Delayed Draw Term Loans are conditioned upon, amount other things, the Company using commercially reasonable best efforts to actively receive net cash proceeds from issuances of subordinated debt or equity of at least million on terms acceptable to EICF and the lenders under the Term Loan Agreement, continuing its publicly announced review of strategic alternatives and, subject to the exercise by the Board of Directors of the Company of its fiduciary obligations, using commercially reasonable best efforts to conduct such review in accordance with a customary indicative timeline. The Fourth Term Loan Amendment also imposed certain additional reporting obligations on the Company, including the weekly delivery of a 13-week cash flow forecast. On February 21, 2023, the Company received a million advance pursuant to the then-existing terms of the Term Loan Agreement and, on February 24, 2023, the Company received million principal amount related to the delayed draw term loans allowed from the Fourth Term Loan Amendment. In addition to interest being payable on the same basis as existing borrowing under the Term Loan Agreement, on the earlier to occur of the maturity date or the termination date of the Term Loan Agreement or any acceleration of the obligations under the Term Loan Agreement, additional interest equal to million will be payable in respect of this million advance. The scheduled maturities of the Term Loan were as follows as of December 31, 2023: 2025 Total The Company s borrowing rate under the Term Loan on December 31, 2022 was plus SOFR. 
 F-32 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 and (ii) an Unsecured Promissory Note by and among the Company, as borrower, certain of its subsidiaries, as guarantors under a separate Guaranty Agreement, and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP (together with Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP I, the Wynnefield Lenders in the aggregate principal amount of . All principal and interest will be due on the maturity date of the Wynnefield Notes, which will be the earliest of (i) December 23, 2025; (ii) a change in control of the Company; (iii) a refinancing or maturity extension of either of the Term Loan Agreement or the Revolving Credit Agreement; or (iv) an acceleration following the occurrence of an event of default (as defined in the Wynnefield Notes, and which includes any default under the Term Loan Agreement or the Revolving Credit Agreement). The Wynnefield Notes bear interest at the fixed rate of (i) per annum from the closing date; (ii) per annum from and after the maturity date; and (iii) per annum from and after an event of default (as defined in the Wynnefield Notes, and which includes any default under the Term Loan Agreement or the Revolving Credit Agreement). The Wynnefield Notes are subject to an aggregate exit fee of , payable upon the earlier of an event of default or payment in full of all obligations due under the Wynnefield Notes. In connection with the Wynnefield Notes, the Company, certain of its subsidiaries, the Wynnefield Lenders and the agents under each of the Revolving Credit Agreement and the Term Loan Agreement have entered into two Subordination and Intercreditor Agreements, pursuant to which the Wynnefield Lenders have agreed, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, to subordinate the Wynnefield Notes to the obligations of the Company under the Revolving Credit Agreement and the Term Loan Agreement. The Wynnefield Lenders, together with their affiliates, are the Company s largest equity investor. Nelson Obus, a member of the Company s Board of Directors, is a managing member of Wynnefield Capital Management, LLC, the general partner of the Wynnefield Lenders. Letters of Credit and Bonds In line with industry practice, the Company is often required to provide letters of credit and payment and performance surety bonds to customers. These letters of credit and bonds provide credit support and security for the customer if the Company fails to perform its obligations under the applicable contract with such customer. The Revolving Credit Facility provides for a letter of credit sublimit in an amount up to million. The Company had million of letters of credit outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility letter of credit sublimit and million cash collateralized standby letters of credit outstanding pursuant to its prior revolving credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as of December 31, 2022. There were no amounts drawn upon these letters of credit as of December 31, 2022. In addition, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had outstanding payment and performance surety bonds of million and million, respectively. Deferred Financing Costs and Debt Discount: Deferred financing costs are amortized over the terms of the related debt facilities using the straight-line method. The following table summarizes the amortization of deferred financing costs related to the Company s debt facilities and recognized in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations: Debt discount Revolving credit facility Total 
 F-33 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 The following table summarizes unamortized deferred financing costs included on the Company s consolidated balance sheets: Debt discount Long-term debt, net Revolving Credit Facility Other long-term assets Total Basic income (loss) per common share: Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic income (loss) per common share ) Diluted income (loss) per common share: Weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted effect: Unvested portion of restricted stock units and awards Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding Diluted income (loss) per common share ) As of December 31, 2022, the Company s shares outstanding included shares of contingently issued but unvested restricted stock. As of December 31, 2021, the Company s shares outstanding included shares of contingently issued but unvested restricted stock. Restricted stock is excluded from the calculation of basic weighted average shares outstanding, but its impact, if dilutive, is included in the calculation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding. The weighted-average number of shares outstanding used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share does not include the effect of the following potential outstanding common stock. The effects of the potentially outstanding service-based restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards were not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per common share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. The effects of the potentially outstanding performance- and market-based restricted stock unit awards were not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per common share because the performance and/or market conditions had not been satisfied as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Unvested performance- and market-based restricted stock unit awards 
 F-34 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 equity incentive plan: the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on March 15, 2022 (the 2015 Plan ). The 2015 Plan allows for the issuance of up to shares of stock to the Company s employees and directors in the form of a variety of instruments, including stock options, restricted stock, restricted share units, stock appreciation rights and other share-based awards. The Company provides the option to repurchase the number of shares required to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock unit awards issued to employees participating in the 2015 Plan. The 2015 Plan also allows for cash-based awards. Generally, all participants who voluntarily terminate their employment with the Company forfeit 100 of all unvested equity awards. Persons who are terminated without cause, or in some cases leave for good reason, are generally entitled to proportionate vesting. The vesting of proportionate time-based shares is accelerated, and such shares distributed upon such individuals termination date. Proportionate market-based and performance-based restricted shares remain categorized as unvested pending final conclusion on the achievement of the related awards. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately shares available under the 2015 Plan to settle previously granted awards. During 2022, the Company granted restricted shares and restricted stock units under the 2015 Plan. Total stock-based compensation expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively, with no related excess tax benefit recognized, and was included in general and administrative expenses on the Company s consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation expense related to all unvested restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards for which terms and conditions are known totaled million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. The fair value of shares that vested during 2022 and 2021 based on the stock price at the applicable vesting date was million and million, respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value of the Company s restricted shares and restricted stock units was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Service-Based Restricted Stock and Unit Awards: During 2022, the Company granted service-based restricted shares and restricted stock units under the 2015 Plan. The grants included: service-based restricted stock units to certain employees at a grant date fair value of per share on March 31, 2022 and service-based restricted share awards to its non-employee directors at a grant date fair value of per share on February 3, 2022. The service-based restricted stock unit grants vest ratably over a three-year period beginning on March 31, 2023, and the restricted shares vest after a service period on February 3, 2023 for the non-employee directors. The fair value of service-based restricted stock unit and restricted share grants represents the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The Company accrued million of stock-compensation expense recorded in general and administrative expenses on the income statement and paid-in capital on the balance sheet. Information for service-based restricted stock and restricted stock units as of December 31, 2022 was as follows: Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested restricted stock and restricted stock units on December 31, 2022 
 F-35 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Performance-based awards: During 2022, the Company established its 2022 long-term incentive program and granted performance-based restricted stock units under the 2015 Plan. At the Company s discretion, these performance-based restricted stock units can be settled in cash or shares. The performance-based restricted stock units under the 2022 long-term incentive program had three annual performance periods (fiscal years 2022, 2023 and 2024), with operating income and free cash flow goals (equally weighted) for each year established on the date of grant. The annual achievement levels are accumulated over the performance period. The average payout level for each performance objective replaces the actual payout level for any fiscal year where the actual payout is less than the average. Payout for each year ranges from for threshold performance, for target performance and up to for maximum performance. The earned amounts, if any, vest on March 31, 2025. The Company reassesses the likelihood of meeting the specified performance objective at the end of each reporting period and adjusts compensation expense, as necessary, based on the likelihood of achieving the performance objectives. The Company s performance-based liability grant did not satisfy the performance objective and was forfeited. The Company accrued million of stock-compensation expense recorded in general and administrative expenses on the income statement and paid-in capital on the balance sheet. Information for performance-based restricted stock units (excluding those accounted for as liability awards because the award was based on a cash amount and not based on an amount of restricted share units) as of December 31, 2022 was as follows: Granted Forfeited ) Unvested restricted stock and restricted stock units on December 31, 2022 
 F-36 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 , (ii) 2017 under the 2015 Plan that would have vested in March 31, 2021 if the company would have achieved a per share stock price of , and (iii) 2018 outside the 2015 Plan that would have vested in June 30, 2021 if the Company would have achieved a per share stock price of . The Compensation Committee extended the performance period for each of these market-based restricted share unit grants to December 31, 2022 and this extension will permit current employees to vest in an outstanding award if (i) he or she remains employed until that date, and (ii) the applicable stock price goal has been achieved on or before the date. The 2016 market-based restricted grant was modified to provide employees a grant of restricted shares under the 2015 Plan, the 2017 market-based restricted grant was modified to provide employees a grant of restricted shares under the 2015 Plan and the 2018 market-based restricted grant was modified to provide employees a grant of restricted shares outside the 2015 Plan. The 2016 and 2017 market-based restricted grants did not satisfy the market objective under the modification and were forfeited. The market based restricted share units granted in 2018 satisfied the market objective under the modification and the participants that remained employed on December 31, 2022 vested in shares granted. participants forfeited shares because they were no longer employed by the Company on December 31, 2022. The market based restricted share unit modifications were expensed at the incremental accounting expense over a service period for ending on December 31, 2022. The Company accrued million of stock-compensation expense recorded in paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheet and general and administrative expenses on the consolidated income statement. Information for market-based restricted stock units as of December 31, 2022 was as follows: Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested restricted stock units on December 31, 2022 million. Multiemployer Pension Plans: During 2022, the Company contributed to approximately multiemployer pension plans throughout the U.S. and, historically, it has contributed to over union sponsored multiemployer pension plans throughout the U.S. under the terms of collective-bargaining agreements that cover the Company s union-represented employees. The risks of participating in these multiemployer pension plans are different from single-employer pension plans primarily in the following aspects: 1. Assets contributed to the multiemployer pension plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. 2. If a participating employer stops contributing to the multiemployer pension plan, the unfunded obligations of the multiemployer pension plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers. 3. If the Company chooses to stop participating in some of its multiemployer pension plans, it may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the multiemployer pension plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability. 
 
 F-37 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 percent funded. If a plan is critical and declining, the plan sponsor may file an application with the Secretary of the Treasury requesting a temporary or permanent reduction of benefits to keep the plan from running out of money. If a fund is in critical status, adjustable benefits may be reduced and no lump sum distributions in excess of can be made. Plans that are in critical and endangered status are required to adopt a plan aimed at restoring the financial health of the benefit plan. The Rehab Plan Status Pending/Implemented column indicates plans for which a financial improvement plan or a rehabilitation plan is either pending or has been implemented. The next to last column lists the expiration date of the collective-bargaining agreement to which the plans are subject. 
 F-38 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million in any period disclosed to be individually significant. (8) Annual Agreements - Automatic Renewal 3,4,6,9 IBEW Local 1579 Pension Plan 58-1254974 001 (8) Agreement through end of Job 2, 3, 6, 9, 10 National Asbestos Workers Pension Plan 52-6038497 001 Critical Critical Rehab Plan 2019 (7) Annual Agreements-Automatic Renewal 2, 3, 9, 10 Excavators Union Local 731 Pension Fund 13-1809825 002 Green (8) Annual Agreements-Automatic Renewal 6 National Electrical Benefits Fund 53-0181657 001 (8) Multiple Agreements 10 Central Pension Fund of the IUOE and Participating Employers 36-6052390 001 (8) Multiple Agreements 3, 11 Tri-State Carpenters Joiners Pension Trust Fund 62-0976048 001 Endangered Endangered Funding Improve (8) Annual Agreements-Automatic Renewal 2, 3, 5, 10 Laborers National Pension Fund 75-1280827 001 Critical Critical Rehab Plan (7) Multiple Agreements 1, 2, 3, 5, 9, 10 New Jersey Building Laborers Statewide Pension Fund 22-6077693 001 Critical Critical Rehab Plan (7) Annual Agreements-Automatic Renewal 3 Southern Ironworkers Pension Plan 59-6227091 001 (8) Agreement through end of Job 2, 3, 4, 5, 9, 10 United Association National Pension Fund 52-6152779 001 Green Endangered Funding Improve (7) Multiple Agreements 9 Connecticut laborers Pension Plan 06-6044348 001 Green Green (8) CBA (Expires 03/31/23) 2, 3, 4, 5, 9, 10 Iron Workers District Council of Tennessee Valley Vicinity Pension Plan 62-6098036 001 Green (8) Annual Agreements-Automatic Renewal 9, 11 IUPAT Industry Pension Plan 52-6073909 001 Critical Seriously Endangered Rehab Plan (8) Multiple Agreements 3, 11 Iron Workers Local No. 402 Pension Trust 59-6227518 001 Critical Critical Rehab Plan (8) Annual Agreements-Automatic Renewal 10, 11 IUOE Local 478 Pension Fund 06-0733831 001 Green Green (8) CBA (Expires 03/31/23) 3 Pavers and Road Builders District Council Pension Fund 13-1990171 074 (8) Annual Agreements-Automatic Renewal 4, 11 Central States, Southeast, and Southwest Pension Fund 36-6044243 001 Critical Declining Critical Declining Rehab Plan (8) Multiple Agreements 4, 11 All Others Total (1) Defined Benefit Plans for Unions employed through the GPPMA agreement for St. Lucie and Turkey Point. (2) Defined Benefit Plans for Unions employed through the Southern Company Power Maintenance Modification Agreement. The Southern Company SCMMA expires 07/31/2026 and renews each year unless terminated. The individual Union CBA range from 1 to in duration. (3) Defined Benefit Plans for Unions employed through the TVA PMMA and Other Agreements. The TVA Labor Agreements are annual agreements that automatically renew each year. (4) Defined Benefit Plans for Unions employed through the GPPMA agreement for Columbia Generating Station. The GPPMA Agreements are annual agreements that automatically renew each year. (5) Regional and National Defined Benefit Funds for multiple unions employed under different labor agreements. (6) Defined Benefit Plan for Union employed at Con Ed sites. (7) No Surcharge required if proper Rehabilitation Plan adopted in labor agreement. (8) No Surcharge required if Plan is not in Critical or Critical Declining Status. (9) Defined Benefit Plans for Unions employed through the GPPMA agreement for San Onofre, Oyster Creek, Pilgrim, LaSalle, Byron, Quad Cities, Peach Bottom, Limerick, Ginna, Point Beach, Waterford III, Salem/Hope Creek and DC Cook Nuclear Plants (Holtec). Also work under Decommissioning Agreement at Oyster Creek and Pilgrim (CDI). (10) Defined Benefit Plans for Unions employed through the Nuclear Power Construction Agreement. The Nuclear Power Construction Agreement is for new work at Vogtle and runs through the duration of the project. (11) The status of this plan had not been issued as of the date of filing this Form 10-K. A plan in green status with a calendar year has the option to issue its Annual Funding Notice in March or April of the subsequent year . 
 F-39 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 F-40 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million and million, respectively. The Company s consolidated balance sheets include amounts representing its probable estimated liability related to insurance-related claims that are known and have been asserted against the Company, and for insurance-related claims that are believed to have been incurred but had not yet been reported as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company provided million in letters of credit and provided cash collateral of million as security for possible workers compensation claims. Executive Severance: On December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding severance arrangements with senior executives. The Company s maximum commitment under all such arrangements, which would apply if the employees covered by these arrangements were each terminated without cause, was million on December 31, 2022. 
 F-41 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Con Edison Tennessee Valley Authority Bruce Power Comprehensive Decommissioning International All others Total Less than 10 The Company has certain customers that represented more than 10 percent of consolidated revenue. The revenue for these customers as a percentage of the consolidated revenue was as follows: GUBMK Tennessee Valley Authority Richmond County Constructors, LLC RCC Bruce Power Comprehensive Decommissioning International All others Total Less than 10 Security deposits - real estate Prepaid expenses Sales tax receivable - Canada Other current assets Total Other long-term assets consisted of the following: Equity method investment in RCC Unamortized Debt Issuance Cost Unamortized software subscriptions Other long-term assets Total 
 F-42 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Other current liabilities consisted of the following: Short-term lease liability Cloud computing software liability - Stock Compensation Legal fees Sales tax payable - Canada - Other current liabilities Total Other long-term liabilities consisted of the following: Liability for uncertain tax positions (with interest and penalty) Other long-term liabilities - Total Disaggregated long-lived assets by the geographic area were as follows: Canada Total 
 F-43 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 d million from the date of the Third Revolving Credit Amendment until June 30, 2023; (iv) reduced the Eligible Unbilled Receivables (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement) sublimit from million to million; (v) increased the Applicable Margin (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement) by ; and (vi) provided for an amendment fee of million payable when the loan obligations under the Revolving Credit Agreement are repaid or, if earlier, June 30, 2023, and an exit fee of million to be paid upon the occurrence of certain stated events, including a prepayment or maturity of the loan obligations under the Revolving Credit Agreement. Additionally, on February 21, 2023, the Company entered into the Fourth Revolving Credit Amendment. The Fourth Revolving Credit Amendment, among other things, provided for the consent of PNC to the Fourth Term Loan Amendment and incorporated into the Revolving Credit Agreement, certain of the conditions and covenants provided for in the Fourth Term Loan Amendment, including the conditions to the Delayed Draw Term Loans, the minimum liquidity covenant and the additional reporting obligations. On January 9, 2023, the Company entered into a Third Term Loan Amendment that, among other things, (i) modified the financial covenants to require that the Company achieve certain designated minimum levels of trailing twelve-month EBITDA (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement) as of the end of each fiscal month beginning on February 5, 2023, and ending December 31, 2023; (ii) amended the calculation of EBITDA to include (or add back certain non-recurring losses and expenses incurred in connection with certain projects executed by the Company s Jacksonville, Florida office, one-time costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Company s transmission and distribution business segment start-up, non-recurring costs and expenses arising out of the implementation by the Company of a ERP system, and non-recurring costs and expenses arising out of pro forma headcount reductions implemented by the Company and certain litigation with a former executive and a competitor of the Company that was settled in the fourth quarter of 2022 (in each case, subject to certain specific dollar limits for certain fiscal quarters commencing in the second fiscal quarter of 2021 and ending December 31, 2022); (iii) adjusted the applicable interest rate to SOFR (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement) plus ; (iv) for each quarterly interest payment commencing January 1, 2023 through and including January 1, 2024, capped the amount of quarterly interest payable in cash at per annum, with the remainder being payable in kind; (v) deferred amortization payments from the January 1, 2023 quarterly payment date until and including the January 1, 2024 quarterly payment date; (vi) increased the excess cash flow sweep from to for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023 and each fiscal year thereafter; (vii) required certain additional reporting obligations, including the delivery of weekly updates of a 13-week cash flow forecast and hosting additional periodic conference calls with management and named advisors; (viii) increased, from the pre-existing levels, the permitted total leverage of the Company for the four quarter periods ended December 31, 2022 through March 31, 2024; and (ix) provided for an amendment fee equal to of the principal loan balance under the Term Loan Agreement, payable in kind. 
 F-44 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million, which were funded at the time the Fourth Term Loan Amendment was signed, and discretionary delayed draw term loans in an aggregate principal amount of million, which will be funded at the lenders discretion (together, the Delayed Draw Term Loans ), subject to the conditions set forth in the Term Loan Agreement, as amended by the Fourth Term Loan Amendment. In addition to interest being payable on the same basis as existing borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement, on the earlier to occur of the maturity date or the termination date of the Term Loan Agreement or any acceleration of the obligations under the Term Loan Agreement, additional interest equal to of the aggregate amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loans borrowed will be payable. The Fourth Term Loan Amendment also includes a minimum liquidity covenant. The Delayed Draw Term Loans are conditioned upon, amount other things, the Company using commercially reasonable best efforts to actively receive net cash proceeds from issuances of subordinated debt or equity of at least million on terms acceptable to EICF and the lenders under the Term Loan Agreement, continuing its publicly announced review of strategic alternatives and, subject to the exercise by the Board of Directors of the Company of its fiduciary obligations, using commercially reasonable best efforts to conduct such review in accordance with a customary indicative timeline. The Fourth Term Loan Amendment also imposed certain additional reporting obligations on the Company, including the weekly delivery of a 13-week cash flow forecast. On February 21, 2023, the Company received a million advance pursuant to the then-existing terms of the Term Loan Agreement and, on February 24, 2023, the Company received million principal amount related to the delayed draw term loans allowed from the Fourth Term Loan Amendment. In addition to interest being payable on the same basis as existing borrowing under the Term Loan Agreement, on the earlier to occur of the maturity date or the termination date of the Term Loan Agreement or any acceleration of the obligations under the Term Loan Agreement, additional interest equal to million will be payable in respect of this million advance. The Wynnefield Notes consist of (i) an Unsecured Promissory Note by and among the Company, as borrower, certain of its subsidiaries, as guarantors under a separate Guaranty Agreement, and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP I in the aggregate principal amount of and (ii) an Unsecured Promissory Note by and among the Company, as borrower, certain of its subsidiaries, as guarantors under a separate Guaranty Agreement, and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP in the aggregate principal amount of . All principal and interest will be due on the maturity date of the Wynnefield Notes, which will be the earliest of (i) December 23, 2025; (ii) a change in control of the Company; (iii) a refinancing or maturity extension of either of the Term Loan Agreement or the Revolving Credit Agreement; or (iv) an acceleration following the occurrence of an event of default (as defined in the Wynnefield Notes, and which includes any default under the Term Loan Agreement or the Revolving Credit Agreement). The Wynnefield Notes bear interest at the fixed rate of (i) per annum from the closing date; (ii) per annum from and after the maturity date; and (iii) per annum from and after an event of default (as defined in the Wynnefield Notes, and which includes any default under the Term Loan Agreement or the Revolving Credit Agreement). The Wynnefield Notes are subject to an aggregate exit fee of , payable upon the earlier of an event of default or payment in full of all obligations due under the Wynnefield Notes. In connection with the Wynnefield Notes, the Company, certain of its subsidiaries, the Wynnefield Lenders and the agents under each of the Revolving Credit Agreement and the Term Loan Agreement have entered into two Subordination and Intercreditor Agreements, pursuant to which the Wynnefield Lenders have agreed, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, to subordinate the Wynnefield Notes to the obligations of the Company under the Revolving Credit Agreement and the Term Loan Agreement. The Wynnefield Lenders, together with their affiliates, are the Company s largest equity investor. Nelson Obus, a member of the Company s Board of Directors, is a managing member of Wynnefield Capital Management, LLC, the general partner of the Wynnefield Lenders. 
 F-45 

Table of Contents WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 F-46 

<EX-10.13>
 2
 wlms-20221231xex10d13.htm
 EX-10.13

Exhibit10.13 Execution Version SECOND AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT SECOND AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of December 30, 2022 (this Amendment ), by and among Williams Industrial Services Group Inc., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company WISG ), Williams Industrial Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WISI ), Williams Specialty Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WSS ), Williams Plant Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WPS ), Williams Global Services, Inc., a Georgia corporation Global ), Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company Construction , and together with Holdings, WISG, WISI, WSS, WPS, Global, Construction, each a Borrower and, collectively, Borrower ), Global Power Professional Services Inc. a Delaware corporation Power ), GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company GPEG ), Steam Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Steam ), WISG Canada Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Canada ), WISG Nuclear Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Nuclear ), WISG Electrical Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Electrical ), WISG Electrical, LLC, a New York limited liability company WISG Electrical NY , and together with Power, GPEG, Steam, WISG Canada, WISG Nuclear, and WISG Electrical, each a Guarantor and, collectively, Guarantor ), the Required Lenders, and EICF AGENT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as agent on behalf of the Lenders under the Loan Agreement (hereinafter defined) (in such capacity, Agent ). W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, the Borrowers, the Guarantors and the other Credit Parties from time to time party thereto, the Lenders and the Agent are parties to that certain Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2020 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, renewed or replaced from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Loan Agreement ). WHEREAS, the Credit Parties have requested, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth below, each of Agent and the Required Lenders hereby agree to amend certain provisions of the Loan Agreement, and, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions to effectiveness set forth herein, the Agent and the Required Lenders are willing to do so, on the terms set forth herein. NOW THEREFORE, the Borrower, the Credit Parties signatory hereto, the Agent and the Required Lenders each hereby agree as follows: 1. Defined Terms . The recitals to this Amendment are hereby incorporated into the body of this Amendment. All capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Loan Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Loan Agreement. 2. Reserved . 

 3. Amendments . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4 hereof, the parties hereto agree that the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by incorporating the changes shown on the marked copy of the Loan Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (in each case, it being understood that language which appears struck out has been deleted and language which appears as double-underlined has been added). 4. Conditions to Effectiveness . The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to satisfaction of all of the following conditions precedent: (a) counterparts of this Amendment shall have been executed and delivered by the Borrower, the other Credit Parties signatory hereto and the Required Lenders; and (b) the truth and accuracy of the representations and warranties contained in Section 5 hereof. 5. Representations, Warranties and Covenants . Each Credit Party signatory hereto hereby represents, warrants and covenants to Agent and each Lender as follows: (a) the execution, delivery and performance by each of the Credit Parties signatory hereto of this Amendment have been duly authorized by all necessary action, and do not and will not: (i) contravene the terms of any of that Person s Organizational Documents; (ii) conflict with or result in any material breach or contravention of, or result in the creation of any Lien under, any document evidencing any material Contractual Obligation to which such Credit Party is a party or any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority to which such Credit Party or its Property is subject; or (iii) violate any material Requirement of Law in any material respect; (b) such Credit Party has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Amendment and the Loan Agreement, as amended hereby; (c) this Amendment constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of each such Credit Party which is a party hereto enforceable against such Credit Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability; (d) after giving effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, each of the representations and warranties contained in the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents is true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof as if made on the date hereof (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such specific date); (e) after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default exists or would result from the transactions contemplated by this Amendment; 
 2 

 (f) A true, correct and complete copy of the Second Amendment to the Revolving Loan Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent (the Revolving Loan Agreement Second Amendment ), is attached hereto as Exhibit B; (g) The Braden Entities do not hold any material assets and do not engage in material business activities. Each Credit Party agrees that it shall not transfer, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and controlled Affiliates not to transfer, any assets to any Braden Entity other than such amount of cash (which in no event shall exceed 25,000 after the Second Amendment Effective Date without the prior written consent of Agent) to pay taxes, penalties and legal fees and expenses as is necessary or required to complete the dissolution of Braden Mexico. Braden Holdings is a holding company and does not engage in any operations or business, other than (a) the ownership of 99.998 of the outstanding Equity Interests in Braden Mexico, (b) maintaining its corporate existence pending its dissolution pursuant to Section 3.36, and (c) liabilities, assets, operations and business incidental to the foregoing. 6. Loan Document . This Amendment is designated a Loan Document by Agent. 7. Full Force and Effect . Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing contained herein shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of compliance with any term or condition contained in the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. Except as expressly amended hereby, the Loan Agreement shall continue unmodified and in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions thereof on the date hereof. This Amendment shall be limited precisely as drafted and shall not imply an obligation on the Agent or any Lender to consent to any matter on any future occasion. As used in the Loan Agreement, the terms Agreement, this Agreement, this Loan Agreement, herein, hereafter, hereto, hereof and words of similar import shall mean, unless the context otherwise requires, the Loan Agreement as amended by this Amendment. 8. Reaffirmation . Each of the Credit Parties as debtor, grantor, pledgor, guarantor, assignor, or in other any other similar capacity in which such Credit Party grants Liens or security interests in its property or otherwise acts as an accommodation party or guarantor, as the case may be, hereby (i) ratifies and reaffirms all of its payment and performance obligations, contingent or otherwise, under each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party (after giving effect hereto) and (ii) to the extent such Credit Party granted Liens on or security interests in any of its property pursuant to any such Loan Document as security for or otherwise guaranteed the Borrower s Obligations under or with respect to the Loan Documents, ratifies and reaffirms such guarantee and grant of security interests and Liens and confirms and agrees that such security interests and Liens hereafter secure all of the Obligations as amended hereby. Each of the Credit Parties hereby consents to this Amendment and acknowledges that each of the Loan Documents remains in full force and effect, as modified hereby, and is hereby ratified and reaffirmed. The execution of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Agent or Lenders, constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Loan Documents except as expressly set forth herein or serve to effect a novation of the Obligations. 9. CHOICE OF LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL IN ALL RESPECTS BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND GOVERNED BY, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WHICH ARE APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED WHOLLY WITHIN SUCH STATE WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY 
 3 

 PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION. 10. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute but one instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to be as effective as an original signature page delivered manually. 11. Headings . The headings of this Amendment are for the purposes of reference only and shall not affect the construction of this Amendment. 12. Successors and Assigns . The provisions of this Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns; provided that none of the Credit Parties may assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Amendment without the prior written consent of the Agent. 13. Severability . The illegality or unenforceability of any provision of this Amendment or any instrument or agreement required hereunder shall not in any way affect or impair the legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Amendment or any instrument or agreement required hereunder. 14. Release of Claims . In consideration of the Required Lenders and the Agent s agreements contained in this Amendment, each Credit Party hereby irrevocably releases and forever discharge the Lenders and the Agent and their affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, assigns, directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants and attorneys (each, a Released Person of and from any and all claims, suits, actions, investigations, proceedings or demands, whether based in contract, tort, implied or express warranty, strict liability, criminal or civil statute or common law of any kind or character, known or unknown, which such Credit Party ever had or now has against Agent, any Lender or any other Released Person which relates, directly or indirectly, to any acts or omissions of Agent, any Lender or any other Released Person relating to the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document on or prior to the date hereof. Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, each Credit Party does not release any claim that a Credit Party may have to enforce the obligations of Agent or Lenders set forth in this Amendment. [Signature pages follow] 
 4 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their duly authorized officers, all as of the date and year first above written. AGENT AND LENDERS: EICF AGENT LLC , as Agent By: /s/ Harry Giovani Name: Harry Giovani Title: Authorized Signatory 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

ENERGY IMPACT CREDIT FUND I LP, as a Lender By: Energy Impact Credit Fund I GP LLC, its general partner By: /s/ Harry Giovani Name: Harry Giovani Title: Managing Partner 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

CION INVESTMENT CORPORATION , as a Lender By: /s/ Gregg Bresner Name: Gregg Bresner Title: President Chief Investment Officer 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

MURRAY HILL FUNDING II, LLC , as a Lender By: /s/ Gregg Bresner Name: Gregg Bresner Title: President Chief Investment Officer 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

CROWDOUT CAPITAL LLC , as a Lender By: /s/ Alexander Schoenbaum Name: Alexander Schoenbaum Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 CROWDOUT CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND LLC , as a Lender By: /s/ Alexander Schoenbaum Name: Alexander Schoenbaum Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

BORROWERS: WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. , as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Senior Vice President 
 WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP, L.L.C. , as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary 
 WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES, LLC, as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Ass i stant Secretary 
 WILLIAMS SPECIALTY SERVICES, LLC, as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Assistant Secretary 
 WILLIAMS PLANT SERVICES, LLC, as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E . Wheelock Title: Assistant Secretary 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

WILLIAMS GLOBAL SERVICES, INC. , a s Borrower By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary 
 CONSTRUCTION MAINTENANCE PROFESSIONALS, LLC, as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

GUARANTORS: GLOBAL POWER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES INC. , as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: President 
 GPEG, LLC, as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Vice President 
 STEAM ENTERPRISES LLC , as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: President 
 WISG CANADA LTD. , as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary 
 WISG NUCLEAR LTD. , as Guarantor By: /s/ Damien A. Vassall Name: Damien A. Vassall Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 WISG ELECTRICAL LTD. , as Guarantor By: /s/ Damien A. Vassall Name: Damien A. Vassall Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

WISG ELECTRICAL, LLC, a New York limited liability company, as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

Exhibit A Marked Loan Agreement See attached. 

CONFORMED COPY NOT EXECUTED IN THIS FORM INCORPORATING FIRST AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JUNE 30, 2022, AND SECOND AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF DECEMBER 30, 2022 TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT DATED AS OF DECEMBER 16, 2020 AMONG EICF AGENT LLC, AS AGENT FOR THE LENDERS SIGNATORY HERETO, WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC., AS BORROWER AND THE OTHER CREDIT PARTIES SIGNATORY HERETO CHAPMAN AND CUTLER LLP 1270 Avenue of the Americas, 30th Floor New York, New York 10020 

TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE 1 AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT. 1 1.1 Term Loan. 1 1.2 Term and Prepayment. 3 1.3 Use of Proceeds. 5 1.4 Single Loan. 6 1.5 Interest. 6 1.6 Fees. 6 1.7 Receipt of Payments; Taxes. 7 1.8 Application and Allocation of Payments. 8 1.9 Accounting. 8 1.10 Indemnity. 8 1.11 [Intentionally Omitted]. 8 1.12 Joinder of New Subsidiaries as a Credit Party, Etc. 9 1.13 Non-Funding Lenders. 9 1.14 Substitution of Lenders. 9 2. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT. 10 2.1 Conditions to the Loan. 10 3. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. 13 3.1 Corporate Existence; Compliance with Law. 13 3.2 Executive Offices, Registered Offices; Corporate or Other Names. 14 3.3 Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations. 14 3.4 Financial Statements; Books and Records. 14 3.5 Material Adverse Change. 14 3.6 Revolving Loan Documents. 15 3.7 Subsidiaries. 15 3.8 Government Regulation; Margin Regulations. 15 3.9 Taxes; Charges. 15 3.10 Payment of Obligations. 15 3.11 ERISA and Canadian Pension Plans. 15 3.12 Litigation. 16 3.13 Intellectual Property. 17 3.14 Full Disclosure. 17 3.15 Environmental Liabilities. 17 3.16 Insurance. 18 3.17 Solvency. 20 3.18 Other Financings. 20 3.19 Conduct of Business. 20 3.20 Further Assurances. 20 3.21 Collateral/Maintenance of Property. 20 3.22 Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Compliance. 21 3.23 Reserved. 22 3.24 Reserved. 22 3.25 Landlord Agreements. 22 3.26 Deposit Accounts; Cash Collateral Accounts. 22 3.27 Reserved. 23 3.28 After-acquired Property; Additional Collateral. 23 3.29 Equity Interests and Subsidiaries. 24 3.30 Security Documents. 25 3.31 Borrowing Base-Related Reports. 25 3.32 Government Contracts. 26 3.33 Customer and Trade Relations. 26 3.34 Bonding; Licenses. 26 3.35 Affiliate Transactions. 26 3.36 Post-Closing Matters. 26 
 
 INDEX - PAGE i 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE 3.37 Investment Company Act. 27 3.38 Notice of Change in Investment Company Status. 27 3.39 Braden Entities. 27 3.40 Capital Provision Agreement. 27 4. FINANCIAL MATTERS; REPORTS. 27 4.1 Reports and Notices. 27 4.2 Financial Covenants. 29 4.3 Other Reports and Information. 30 4.4 Revolving Loan Agreement Notices. 30 4.5 Reserved. 30 5. NEGATIVE COVENANTS. 31 5.1 Indebtedness. 31 5.2 Liens. 31 5.3 Investments; Fundamental Changes. 31 5.4 Asset Sales. 32 5.5 Restricted Payments. 33 5.6 Changes in Nature of Business. 33 5.7 Transactions with Affiliates. 33 5.8 Third-Party Restrictions on Indebtedness, Liens, Investments or Restricted Payments. 34 5.9 Modification of Certain Documents. 34 5.10 Accounting Changes; Fiscal Year. 34 5.11 Changes to Name, Locations, Etc. 34 5.12 Bank Accounts. 34 5.13 Margin Regulations. 34 5.14 Compliance with ERISA and Canadian Pension Plans. 34 5.15 Hazardous Materials. 35 5.16 Modifications to Revolving Loan Documents and Subordinated Debt. 35 5.17 Inactive Subsidiaries. 35 5.18 Compliance with Anti-Terrorism Laws. 35 5.19 Sale-Leasebacks. 35 5.20 Leases. 36 5.21 Captive Insurance Subsidiaries. 36 5.22 Payments under the Revolving Loan Agreement. 36 6. SECURITY INTEREST. 36 6.1 Grant of Security Interest. 36 6.2 Agent s Rights. 38 6.3 Agent s Appointment as Attorney-in-fact. 38 6.4 Grant of License to Use Intellectual Property Collateral. 38 6.5 Commercial Tort Claims. 39 6.6 Duties of Agent. 39 7. EVENTS OF DEFAULT: RIGHTS AND REMEDIES. 39 7.1 Events of Default. 39 7.2 Remedies. 41 7.3 Waivers by Credit Parties. 42 7.4 Proceeds. 42 8. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. 42 9. AGENT. 45 9.1 Appointment and Duties. 45 9.2 Binding Effect. 46 9.3 Use of Discretion. 46 9.4 Delegation of Rights and Duties. 46 9.5 Reliance and Liability. 46 9.6 Agent Individually. 47 9.7 Protective Advances. 47 
 
 INDEX - PAGE ii 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE 9.8 Expenses; Indemnities. 48 9.9 Resignation of Agent. 48 9.10 Release of Collateral. 48 10. MISCELLANEOUS. 49 10.1 Complete Agreement; Modification of Agreement. 49 10.2 Expenses. 50 10.3 No Waiver. 50 10.4 Severability; Section Titles. 51 10.5 Authorized Signature. 51 10.6 Notices. 51 10.7 Counterparts. 51 10.8 Time of the Essence. 52 10.9 GOVERNING LAW. 52 10.10 SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. 52 10.11 Press Releases. 52 10.12 Reinstatement. 53 10.13 USA PATRIOT Act Notice and Customer Verification. 53 10.14 Sharing of Payments, Etc. 53 10.15 Intercreditor Agreement. 53 10.16 Confidentiality Agreements. 53 10.17 Effect of Benchmark Transition Event. 53 10.18 CION as Co-Lead Arranger. 57 10.19 Judgment Currency. 57 11. GUARANTEE. 57 11.1 The Guarantee. 57 11.2 Obligations Unconditional. 58 11.3 Reinstatement. 58 11.4 Subrogation; Subordination. 59 11.5 Remedies. 59 11.6 Instrument for the Payment of Money. 59 11.7 Continuing Guarantee. 59 11.8 General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations. 59 11.9 Release of Guarantors. 59 11.10 Right of Contribution. 59 
 
 INDEX - PAGE iii 

 INDEX OF EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES Schedule A - Definitions Schedule B - Schedule of Term Loan Commitments Schedule C - Agent s, Lenders and Credit Parties Addresses for Notices Schedule D - Closing Checklist Schedule E - Restricted Locations 
 Disclosure Schedule (2) Capital Providers and Arbitration Proceedings Disclosure Schedule (2.1(e)(iii)) - [Reserved] Disclosure Schedule (3.2) - Places of Business; Corporate Names Disclosure Schedule (3.7) - Subsidiaries Disclosure Schedule (3.9) - Taxes Disclosure Schedule (3.11) - ERISA Disclosure Schedule (3.12) - Litigation Disclosure Schedule (3.13) - Intellectual Property Disclosure Schedule (3.15) - Environmental Matters Disclosure Schedule (3.16) - Insurance Disclosure Schedule (3.18) - Existing Indebtedness Disclosure Schedule (3.26) - Controlled Accounts Disclosure Schedule (3.32) - Government Contracts Disclosure Schedule (3.34) - Bonding; Licensing Disclosure Schedule (3.35) - Affiliate Transactions Disclosure Schedule (5.21) - Employee Compensation Disclosure Schedule (6.1) - Actions to Perfect Liens Disclosure Schedule (6.5) - Commercial Tort Claims 
 Exhibit A - Form of Perfection Certificate Exhibit B - Form of Term Note Exhibit C - Form of Secretarial Certificate Exhibit D - Form of Power of Attorney Exhibit E - Form of Compliance Certificate Exhibit F - Form of Closing Certificate Exhibit G - Form of Solvency Certificate Exhibit H - Form of Joinder Agreement Exhibit I - Form of Assignment Agreement Exhibit J - Form of Delayed Draw Borrowing Request 
 
 INDEX - PAGE iv 

 TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT This TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT is dated as of December 16, 2020, and agreed to by and among Williams Industrial Services Group Inc., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company WISG ), Williams Industrial Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WISI ), Williams Specialty Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WSS ), Williams Plant Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WPS ), Williams Global Services, Inc., a Georgia corporation Global ), Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company Construction , and together with Holdings, WISG, WISI, WSS, WPS, Global, Construction, each a Borrower and, collectively, Borrower ), Global Power Professional Services Inc. a Delaware corporation Power ), GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company GPEG ), Steam Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Steam ), WISG Canada Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Canada ), WISG Nuclear Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Nuclear ), WISG Electrical Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Electrical , and together with Power, GPEG, Steam, WISG Canada, WISG Nuclear, each a Guarantor and, collectively, Guarantor ), the other Credit Parties from time to time party hereto, EICF AGENT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as agent (in such capacity, Agent for the lenders set forth on Schedule B attached hereto and party hereto (each herein referred to as a Lender and collectively, the Lenders ), CION INVESTMENT CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation CION as a Lender and as co-lead arranger (in such capacity, the Co-Lead Arranger ), and the other Lenders from time to time party hereto. RECITALS A. The Credit Parties desire that Borrower obtain the Term Loans described herein from the Lenders and the Lenders are willing to provide the Term Loans all in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. B. Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in Schedule A and, for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the rules of construction set forth in Schedule A shall govern. All schedules, attachments, addenda and exhibits hereto, or expressly identified to this Agreement, are incorporated herein by reference, and taken together with this Agreement, constitute but a single agreement. AGREEMENT NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT 1.1 Term Loan . (a) Closing Date Term Loan. Each Lender agrees severally, but not jointly, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, to make to the Borrower an advance (each, a Closing Date Term Loan collectively, the Closing Date Term Loans on the Closing Date in the principal amount equal to such Lender s Closing Date Term Loan Commitment; provided, that each Lender with a Closing Date Term Loan Commitment shall (unless otherwise directed by Agent in writing, including via e-mail) disburse the proceeds of its Closing Date Term Loan made by such Lender to the Borrower directly (and not to the Agent for distribution to the Borrower), provided further, that each Lender shall provide to Agent any information reasonably requested by Agent regarding the Closing Date Term Loan made by such Lender. Each Lender s Term Loan (whether a Closing Date Term Loan made under this Section 1.1(a) or a Delayed Draw Term Loan made under Section 1.1(b) shall, if requested by such Lender at least 2 Business Days prior to the funding of the applicable Term Loan, be evidenced by a promissory note (each a Term Note duly executed and delivered by the Borrower prior to the funding of such Term Loan substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B , and be repayable in accordance with the terms of such Term Note and this Agreement. Borrower shall make payments on the Closing Date Term Loan in accordance with Section 1.1(c) and the other applicable provisions of this Agreement. Once repaid, any amount borrowed under the Closing Date Term Loan Commitment of each Lender may not be re-borrowed. All amounts owed hereunder with respect to the Term Loans shall be paid in full no later than the Maturity Date. After the funding of the Closing Date Term Loan by a Lender, the Closing Date Term Loan Commitments of such Lender shall immediately and automatically (without the necessity of 
 1 

 further action) be reduced in the principal amount of the Closing Date Term Loan made by such Lender. (b) Delayed Draw Term Loans . (i) Delayed Draw Term Loans Generally . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions in this Section 1.1(b) and this Agreement, upon not less than fifteen (15) Business Days (or such shorter period as Agent may agree in its absolute discretion) after delivery by Borrower to Agent of a Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request by no later than 1:00 PM New York City time on such day, each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender, severally, agrees at any time prior to the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date, to lend to Borrower, in one or more advances (each such advance, a Delayed Draw Term Loan and collectively, the Delayed Draw Term Loans , and together with any Closing Date Term Loans, each, a Term Loan , and collectively, the Term Loans or the Loan in a principal amount not to exceed the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender; provided further , that each Delayed Draw Term Loan shall be made on a pro rata basis based on the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender as of the funding date of any Delayed Draw Term Loan relative to the aggregate amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments of the other Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders as of such funding date (or on such other basis as the Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders all agree); provided further , that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Loan Documents, each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender shall (unless otherwise directed by Agent in writing, including via e-mail) disburse the proceeds of each Delayed Draw Term Loan made by such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender to the Borrower directly (and not to the Agent for distribution to the Borrower), provided that each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender shall provide to Agent any information reasonably requested by Agent regarding any Delayed Draw Term Loan made by a Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender. Borrower agrees that each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender may satisfy any amounts owing to such Lender under the Fee Letters, by deducting such amounts from the proceeds of any Delayed Draw Term Loan made by such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender to Borrower. The Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders shall make no more than one Delayed Draw Term Loan in any Fiscal Month. Any Delayed Draw Term Loan shall be in a minimum amount of Five Million Dollars 5,000,000) and multiples of One Hundred Thousand Dollars 100,000) in excess thereof (or such other amount as agreed to by all of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders with a remaining Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment); provided, that if the remaining Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments are less than Five Million Dollars 5,000,000), then the minimum amount of each Delayed Draw Term Loan shall be the maximum amount of the remaining Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments. Any Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request delivered by Borrower hereunder shall be irrevocable and binding on Borrower and shall obligate Borrower to accept the Delayed Draw Term Loans requested from the Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders on the proposed funding date. The Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments shall reduce to zero automatically on the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date and no Delayed Draw Term Loan shall be made on or after the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date. After the funding of any Delayed Draw Term Loan by a Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender, the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender shall immediately and automatically (without the necessity of further action) be reduced in the principal amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan made by such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender. (ii) Conditions to Making of Delayed Draw Term Loans . The obligation of each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender to make any Delayed Draw Term Loan is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent on the relevant funding date, both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to the making of any Delayed Draw Term Loan: (A) Agent shall have received a Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request; (B) The representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and in each of the other Loan Documents, certificate or other writing delivered to the Agent pursuant thereto are true and correct in all material respects as of the applicable funding date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (except in each case (whether the applicable funding date or such earlier date) to the extent that such representation or warranty is qualified by Material Adverse Effect or any other materiality qualifier, in which case it is true and correct in all respects); (C) no Default or Event of Default exists and is continuing or would result therefrom; 
 2 

 (D) the aggregate Delayed Draw Term Loan Funded Amount of all Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders would not exceed the aggregate Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments; (E) the Delayed Draw Term Loan Funded Amount of any Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender would not exceed such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender s Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment; (F) Borrower shall certify to Agent, and attach evidence to the Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request demonstrating, that immediately before and immediately after the making of the requested Delayed Draw Term Loan, (1) the Credit Parties are in compliance on a pro forma basis with the financial covenants set forth under Section 4.2 (based on the financial covenant levels for the testing period then most recently ended or, in the case of any proposed Delayed Draw Term Loan to be made prior to first date on which the financial covenants are tested under Section 4.2, for the period ending on such first date), and (2) the Total Leverage Ratio (determined on a pro forma basis after the making of such Delayed Draw Term Loan) shall not exceed 3.25:1.00; and (G) the proceeds of the Delayed Draw Term Loan shall only be used for Permitted Acquisitions or working capital of the Credit Parties. Each Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request submitted by Borrower to Agent shall constitute a representation and warranty by Borrower hereunder, as of the date such Delayed Draw Term Loan is requested to be made, that all of the conditions in this Section 1.1(b) are satisfied. (c) Principal Repayments of the Term Loans . Borrower shall make principal payments on the Term Loans to the Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders in quarterly installments equal to the sum of (x) 262,500 (such amount being equal to 0.75 of the 35,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Closing Date Term Loans), plus (y) 0.75 of the aggregate initial principal amounts of all Delayed Draw Term Loans that have been made prior to the applicable Payment Date, which sum shall be payable on the first day of each calendar quarter (or, solely in the case of the calendar quarter commencing January 1, 2023, on January 9, 2023) (each such date, a Payment Date ). Borrower shall repay the entire outstanding balance of the Loan on the Stated Maturity Date. Amounts repaid or prepaid on any of the Term Loans may not be reborrowed. 1.2 Term and Prepayment . (a) Upon the Maturity Date of the Loan, Borrower shall pay to Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders (i) all outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest on the Loan plus , without duplication of amounts paid pursuant to Section 1.2(b), 1 of the then outstanding principal balance of the Loan and (ii) all other Obligations relating to the Loan then due to or incurred by Agent or the Lenders. (b) On any Payment Date, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred hereunder, Borrower shall have the right upon thirty (30) calendar days prior written notice to Agent, to make a voluntary prepayment (a Voluntary Prepayment of all or a portion (in a minimum amount of 1,000,000 and integrate multiples of 100,000 in excess thereof) of the principal amount of all of the Term Loans then outstanding. If the Borrower elects to prepay the Term Loans pursuant to this Section1.2(b) or otherwise, or if the Term Loans are mandatorily prepaid in whole or in part pursuant to any other clause of this Section 1.2 (each, a Mandatory Prepayment and together with any Voluntary Prepayment, the Prepayments ), the Borrower shall pay to the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders a prepayment fee as follows: (i) in the case of any Prepayment (other than under Section 1.2(f) or (h)) made prior to August 3, 2023, 3 of the principal Loan amount being prepaid on the date of such Prepayment; (ii) in the case of any Prepayment (other than under Section 1.2(f) or (h)) made on or after August 3, 2023 and prior to August 3, 2024, 2 of the principal Loan amount being prepaid on the date of such Prepayment; and (iii) in the case of any Prepayment (other than under Section 1.2(f) or (h)) made on or after August 3, 2024, 1 of the principal Loan amount being prepaid on the date of such Prepayment. (c) Asset Sales and Casualty E vents. Not later than five (5) Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds of any Asset Sale or any Casualty Event by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, Credit Parties shall make Mandatory Prepayments of the Obligations to be applied thereto in accordance with Section 1.8 in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds; provided , that such Net Cash 
 3 

 Proceeds shall not be required to be applied as a mandatory prepayment on such date to the extent that (x) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (y) Credit Parties have delivered an Officers Certificate to the Agent on or prior to such date stating that such Net Cash Proceeds are expected to be reinvested in fixed or capital assets within six (6) months following the date of such Asset Sale or Casualty Event (which Officers Certificate shall set forth the estimates of the proceeds to be so expended); provided , that (A) all such Net Cash Proceeds that are proposed to be reinvested shall be held in a cash collateral deposit account under the exclusive dominion and control of the Agent (and Agent shall, for the avoidance of doubt, have the sole and exclusive right to direct and/or give instructions to the depository institution regarding the disposition of funds in such account) (such account, the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account and constitute Term Loan Priority Collateral under the Intercreditor Agreement, and (B) if all or any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds is not so reinvested within such six (6)-month period, such unused portion shall be applied on the last day of such period (or the Maturity Date, if earlier) as a Mandatory Prepayment as provided in this Section 1.2(c) ; provided , further , that if the property subject to such Asset Sale or such Casualty Event constituted Collateral, then all property purchased with the Net Cash Proceeds thereof pursuant to this subsection shall be made subject to the Lien created pursuant to this Agreement in favor of the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders in accordance with Sections 3.20 and 3.28 . Nothing contained in this Section 1.2(c) shall permit any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries to effect any Asset Sale other than in accordance with Section 5.4 . (d) Debt Issuance or Preferred Stock Issuance. Not later than one (1) Business Day following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds of any Debt Issuance or Preferred Stock Issuance by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, at the election of Agent, Borrower shall make Mandatory Prepayments of the Obligations to be applied thereto in accordance with Section 1.8 in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds. The provisions of this Section 1.2(d) shall not be an implied consent to any such issuance otherwise prohibited by the terms of this Agreement. (e) Equity Issuance . Not later than three (3) Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds of any Equity Issuance, Borrower shall make Mandatory Prepayments of the Obligations to be applied thereto in accordance with Section 1.8 in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds. The provisions of this Section 1.2(e) shall not be an implied consent to any such issuance otherwise prohibited by the terms of this Agreement. (f) Prepayments from Excess Cash F low. On the date that the Borrower s financial statements are required to be delivered to Agent under Section 4.1 for the periods ending December 31 of each calendar year, beginning with the financial statements for the period ending December 31, 2021, the Borrower shall deliver a certificate (the Excess Cash Flow Certificate ), executed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower, to Agent and the Lenders which shall set forth the calculation of Excess Cash Flow for such period and irrevocably offer and agree to prepay the Obligations in an amount equal to (x) (A) if the Total Leverage Ratio is greater than 3.00:1.00, fifty percent (50 of Excess Cash Flow, and (B) if the Total Leverage Ratio is equal to or less than 3.00:1.00 and greater than 2.00:1.00, twenty-five percent (25 of Excess Cash Flow, less (y) all Voluntary Prepayments made during such calendar year on the Term Loans; provided that, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, no such prepayments shall be required unless Excess Cash Flow for such year equals or exceeds 500,000, at which point the Borrower shall cause to be prepaid an aggregate principal amount of Loans equal to the applicable percentage of Excess Cash Flow as set forth herein from the first dollar. The Borrower shall make any Prepayment under this clause (f) on the date that is ten (10) Business Days after the date that Borrower s financial statements are required to be delivered to Agent under Section 4.1 for the period ending December 31 of each calendar year. Excess Cash Flow for each calendar year shall be calculated on the basis of the financial statements delivered to Agent pursuant to the Section 4.1 for the period ending on the last day of such calendar year. Each Lender may accept or reject the offer to prepay the Obligations made pursuant to this Section 1.2(f) by causing a written notice of such acceptance or rejection to be delivered to Agent on or before the second day prior to the date the Prepayment is due. A failure by a Lender to respond to an offer to prepay made pursuant to this Section 1.2(f) on or before such date shall be deemed to constitute an acceptance of such offer. All such prepayments from Excess Cash Flow shall be applied to the Obligations in accordance with Section 1.8 . 
 4 

 (g) Reserved . (h) Arbitration Recovery Proceeds and Other Extraordinary Receipts . (i) Not later than three (3) Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds from an Arbitration Recovery (such Net Cash Proceeds calculated after giving effect to the payment of all obligations owing by the Borrower to the litigation finance partner pursuant to written agreements between the Borrower and such litigation partner, costs, fees and expenses incurred or payable by the Borrower in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding including, without limitation, all legal costs and disbursements incurred or made by the Borrower in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding), Borrower shall make Mandatory Prepayments of the Obligations to be applied thereto in accordance with Section 1.8 in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds; provided , that all such Net Cash Proceeds shall immediately upon receipt by Borrower, prior to the making of any Mandatory Prepayment in accordance with the foregoing, be held in the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account and constitute Term Loan Priority Collateral under the Intercreditor Agreement. Any Net Cash Proceeds of an Arbitration Recovery shall immediately upon receipt by Borrower be deposited in the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account and, unless applied as a Mandatory Prepayment in accordance with this Section 1.2(h), remain on deposit in such Term Loan Priority Collateral Account, including (in respect of any prepayment that is declined by any of the Lenders under Section 1.2(i)) in the period (if any) from and after the time any of the Lenders decline a proposed prepayment of such Net Cash Proceeds, subject, until an Activation Notice has been delivered to the applicable depository in respect of the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account, to the Borrower s right to use those Net Cash Proceeds in accordance with the Loan Documents. (ii) Not later than three (3) Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds from any Extraordinary Receipts (other than (A) from an Arbitration Recovery, and (B) so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, the Proceeds from the Chubb Proceedings and/or the Koontz-Wagner Bankruptcy Proceedings), Borrower shall make Mandatory Prepayments of the Obligations to be applied thereto in accordance with Section 1.8 in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds. (i) Lender Option to Decline Prepayment . With respect to any Mandatory Prepayment required pursuant to this Section 1.2 , any Lender, at its option, may elect not to accept such prepayment as provided below. The Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify the Agent of any event giving rise to a prepayment under Section 1.2 at least five (5) Business Days prior to the date of such prepayment. Each such notice shall specify the expected date of such prepayment and provide a reasonably detailed estimated calculation of the amount of such prepayment that is required to be made under this Section 1.2 (the Prepayment Amount ). The Agent will promptly notify each Lender of the contents of any such prepayment notice so received from the Borrower, including the date on which such prepayment is expected to be made by the Borrower (the Prepayment Date ). Any Lender may decline to accept all or any portion of its share of any such prepayment (any such Lender, a Declining Lender by providing written notice to the Agent no later than two (2) Business Days after the date of such Lender s receipt of notice from the Agent regarding such prepayment. If any Lender does not give a notice to the Agent on or prior to such second Business Day informing the Agent that it declines to accept the applicable prepayment, then such Lender will be deemed to have accepted such prepayment. On any Prepayment Date, an amount equal to the Prepayment Amount including the portion thereof allocable to Declining Lenders, in each case for such Prepayment Date, shall be paid to the Agent by the Borrower and applied by the Agent ratably to prepay the applicable Loan owing to Lenders (other than Declining Lenders) in the manner described in Section 1.8 for such prepayment. The portion of such Prepayment Amount that was allocated to any Declining Lender shall be applied pro rata to the Lenders who have not declined their share of such Prepayment Amount. 1.3 Use of Proceeds . Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Loan (i) to refinance on the Closing Date, prior indebtedness, (ii) for working capital purposes and other corporate purposes, and (iii) to pay any fees associated with transactions contemplated under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 1.4 Single Loan . 
 5 

 The Loan and all of the other Obligations shall constitute one general obligation of Borrower secured by all of the Collateral. 1.5 Interest . (a) Borrower shall pay interest to Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders on the outstanding balance of the Loan at a per annum rate equal to (i) from the Closing Date until December 31, 2022, LIBOR plus the Applicable Margin , and (ii) from and after January 1, 2023, Adjusted Term SOFR plus the Applicable Margin . All computations of interest on the Loan shall be made by Agent on the basis of a three hundred and sixty (360) day year, in each case for the actual number of days occurring in the period for which such interest is payable. In no event will Agent charge interest at a rate that exceeds the highest rate of interest permissible under any law that a court of competent jurisdiction shall, in a final determination, deem applicable. (b) Interest shall be payable on the balance of the Loan (i) quarterly in arrears and shall be due on the first day of each calendar quarter (subject, solely in the case of the calendar quarter commencing January 1, 2023, to the adjustment noted in the following sentence), (ii) on the Maturity Date of the Loan, and (iii) if any interest accrues or remains payable after the Maturity Date of the Loan, upon demand by Agent. For the January 1, 2023 Payment Date, interest accrued for the quarter ending December 31, 2022, shall be payable in cash as follows: (x) 10 per annum shall be paid in cash on January 1, 2023, and (y) (a) LIBOR, plus (b) the Applicable Margin, minus (c) 10 per annum, shall be paid in cash on January 9, 2023. (c) Effective upon the occurrence of any Event of Default and for so long as any Event of Default shall be continuing, the interest rate applicable to the Loan shall automatically be increased by two percent (2.0 per annum (such increased rate, the Default Rate ), and all outstanding Obligations, including accrued but unpaid interest (to the extent permitted under applicable law), shall continue to accrue interest from the date of such Event of Default until the earlier of (x) the date on which such Obligations are paid in full and (y) the date on which such Event of Default ceases to be continuing, at the Default Rate applicable to such Obligations. (d) If any payment to the Agent or any Lender under this Agreement becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, such Payment Date shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and interest thereon shall be payable at the then applicable rate during such extension. (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 1.5 , if a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final order that the rate of interest payable hereunder exceeds the highest rate of interest permissible under law (the Maximum Lawful Rate ), then so long as the Maximum Lawful Rate would be so exceeded, the rate of interest payable hereunder shall be equal to the Maximum Lawful Rate; provided , however , that if at any time thereafter the rate of interest payable hereunder is less than the Maximum Lawful Rate, Borrower shall continue to pay interest hereunder at the Maximum Lawful Rate until such time as the total interest received by Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders is equal to the total interest that would have been received had the interest rate payable hereunder been (but for the operation of this paragraph) the interest rate payable since the Closing Date as otherwise provided in this Agreement. In no event shall the total interest received by Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders pursuant to the terms hereof exceed the amount that Agent could lawfully have received had the interest due hereunder been calculated for the full term hereof at the Maximum Lawful Rate. (f) For the purposes of the Interest Act (Canada), (i) whenever a rate of interest or fee rate hereunder is calculated on the basis of a year (the deemed year that contains fewer days than the actual number of days in the calendar year of calculation, such rate of interest or fee rate shall be expressed as a yearly rate by multiplying such rate of interest or fee rate by the actual number of days in the calendar year of calculation and dividing it by the number of days in the deemed year, (ii) the principle of deemed reinvestment of interest shall not apply to any interest calculation hereunder and (iii) the rates of interest stipulated herein are intended to be nominal rates and not effective rates or yields. 1.6 Fees . 
 6 

 Borrower agrees to pay to Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders: (a) the fees set forth in that certain (i) EIP Fee Letter, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among Agent and the Borrower, (ii) CION Fee Letter, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among Agent and the Borrower and (iii) CrowdOut Fee Letter, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among Agent and the Borrower (collectively, each as may be amended, the Fee Letters ), in each case, when such fees are due and payable; and (b) all fees, costs and expenses of closing due and owing and presented as of the Closing Date, including without limitation, those relating to (i) Agent s due diligence review and evaluation of the transaction, (ii) the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of the Loan Documents, (iii) the closing of the Transactions, (iv) all appraisal, audit, environmental, title work, travel, inspection, surveys, filing, search and registration fees, (v) any loan, escrow, recording and transfer fees and taxes (as applicable), and (vi) Agent s counsel reasonable fees and expenses relating to any of the foregoing . ; The Borrower agrees that any fees due and payable by the Borrower on the Closing Date, or on the funding date of any Delayed Draw Term Loan, may be satisfied by the Agent, or the Delayed Draw Term Lenders making such Delayed Draw Term Loan, deducting or setting off the amount of such fees from the proceeds of the Term Loan funded to the Borrower on the Closing Date, or on such funding date of a Delayed Draw Term Loan, and by Agent paying such fees to the Persons to whom such fees are owed (or each Lender paying such fees to itself in the case that the Lender funds a Term Loan to the Borrower directly, and not by first funding Agent before a Term Loan is funded to Borrower). 1.7 Receipt of Payments; Taxes . (a) Borrower shall make each payment under this Agreement (not otherwise made pursuant to Section 1.8 without set-off, counterclaim or deduction and free and clear of all Taxes not later than 1:00 PM New York City time on the day when due in lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds to an account specified by the Agent in writing, except as required by applicable law. If a Withholding Agent shall be required by applicable law to deduct any Taxes from any payment to any Recipient under any Loan Document, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by Borrower shall be increased so that, after making all required deductions (including such deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 1.7 ), the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to that which it would have received had no such deductions been made. Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 1.7 , Borrower shall deliver to Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to Agent. (b) If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to Section 1.7(a) or Section 1.10 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to Section 1.7(a)) , it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under Sections 1.7(a) and Section 1.10 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this Section 1.7(b) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 1.7(b) , in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this Section 1.7(b) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in 
 7 

 a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This Section 1.7(b) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 1.8 Application and Allocation of Payments. Except as otherwise provided in the Intercreditor Agreement, Borrower irrevocably agrees that Agent shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply any and all payments against the then due and payable Obligations in such order as Agent may deem advisable; provided , however , that unless Agent elects otherwise any and all Mandatory Prepayments shall be applied against the then due and payable Obligations as follows: (a) first , against the remaining principal installments of the Term Loan (including the final installment on the Maturity Date) in inverse order of maturity until the principal on the Term Loans is paid in full; (b) second , to payment of all accrued unpaid cash interest on the Obligations; (c) third , to payment of costs and expenses, including attorneys fees, of Agent payable or reimbursable by Credit Parties under the Loan Documents; (d) fourth , to payment of any other amounts owing constituting Obligations; and (e) fifth , any remainder shall be for the account of and paid to whoever may be lawfully entitled thereto. Each of Lenders or other Persons entitled to payment shall receive an amount equal to its pro rata share of amounts available to be applied pursuant to clauses (a) , (b) , (d) and (e) above. 1.9 Accounting. Each Lender is authorized to record on its books and records the date and amount of the Loan and each payment of principal thereof and such recordation shall constitute prima facie evidence of the accuracy of the information so recorded. 1.10 Indemnity . Borrower and each other Credit Party executing this Agreement jointly and severally agree to indemnify and hold each Recipient and their Affiliates, and each of their respective employees, officers, attorneys, advisors and agents (each, an Indemnified Person ), harmless from and against any and all suits, actions, proceedings, claims, damages, demands, losses, liabilities and expenses of any kind or nature whatsoever (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements and other costs of investigation or defense, including those incurred upon any appeal) that may be instituted or asserted against or incurred by any such Indemnified Person as the result of credit having been extended, suspended or terminated under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or with respect to the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance and administration of, or in any other way arising out of or relating to, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any other documents or transactions contemplated by or referred to herein or therein and any actions or failures to act with respect to any of the foregoing, including any and all product liabilities, Environmental Liabilities, Indemnified Taxes (including, without duplication, Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under Section 1.7 or Section 1 .10) and reasonable legal costs and expenses arising out of or incurred in connection with disputes between or among any parties to any of the Loan Documents (collectively, Indemnified Liabilities ), except to the extent that any such Indemnified Liability (x) is finally determined by a non-appealable court order by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted solely from such Indemnified Person s willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence, or (y) arises in a dispute among Indemnified Parties, to which the Borrower and Guarantors are not a party, and which dispute does not arise from any act or omission of the Borrower or any of the Borrower s affiliates (other than a claim against any agent or arranger solely in its capacity as an arranger or agent under the Loan Documents). NO INDEMNIFIED PERSON SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO ANY CREDIT PARTY, ANY SUCCESSOR, ASSIGNEE OR THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY OR ANY OTHER PERSON ASSERTING CLAIMS DERIVATIVELY THROUGH SUCH PARTY, FOR INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT MAY BE ALLEGED AS A RESULT OF CREDIT HAVING BEEN EXTENDED, SUSPENDED OR TERMINATED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR AS A RESULT OF ANY OTHER TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER. 1.11 [Intentionally Omitted] Rates. The Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such 
 8 

 alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service . 1.12 Joinder of New Subsidiaries as a Credit Party, Etc . As soon as possible (and in any event upon the earlier of (a) thirty (30) days after formation or (b) the date on which such Subsidiary owns any material assets) after the formation of any new Subsidiary of a Credit Party or simultaneously with the consummation of acquisition of any new Subsidiary of a Credit Party, Borrower shall take such actions as required by Section 3.28 and cause such new Subsidiary to become a Grantor and either a co-Borrower or Guarantor under this Agreement by having the following documents delivered to the Lenders: (i) a Secretarial Certificate, a Power of Attorney and a Joinder Agreement in the forms of Exhibits C , D and H attached hereto, respectively, duly completed, executed and delivered by such new Subsidiary, (ii) security and other collateral documents, filings and instruments with respect to such new Subsidiary of the types described on Schedule D attached hereto and such other collateral documents, filings and instruments with respect to such new Subsidiary necessary or desirable to create and perfect Liens in favor of Agent on the assets of such new Subsidiary, (iii) an opinion of counsel to such new Subsidiary, in form, substance and scope comparable to the legal opinion of Borrower s counsel delivered to Agent and Lenders on the Closing Date and (iv) an updated Disclosure Schedule (3.7) . Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Inactive Subsidiary shall form any new Subsidiary. 1.13 Non-Funding Lenders . Unless Agent shall have received notice from any Lender prior to the date such Lender is required to make any advance or payment hereunder with respect to the Loan that such Lender will not make such advance or payment (or any portion thereof) available to Agent or to Borrower to the extent required hereunder, Agent may assume that such Lender has made such payment available to Agent or Borrower, as applicable, on the date such advance or payment is required to be made in accordance with this Section 1 and Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. Borrower agrees to repay to Agent on demand such amount made available by Agent (until repaid by such Lender) with interest thereon for each day from the date such amount is made available to Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to Agent, at the interest rate applicable to the Obligation that would have been created when Agent made available such amount to Borrower had such Lender made a corresponding payment available; provided , however , that such payment shall not relieve such Lender of any obligation it may have to Borrower. In addition, any Lender that shall not have made available to Agent or Borrower, as applicable, any portion of any advance or payment described above (any such Lender, a Non-Funding Lender agrees to pay such amount, to the extent Agent made such amount available to Borrower, to Agent on demand together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to Agent, at the interest rate applicable at the time to the Term Loan. Such repayment shall then constitute the funding of the corresponding Loan (including any Loan deemed to have been made hereunder with such payment) or participation. The existence of any Non-Funding Lender shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations under any Loan Document, but no other Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any Non-Funding Lender to make any payment required under any Loan Document. 1.14 Substitution of Lenders . (a) Substitution Right . In the event that any Lender that is not an Affiliate of Agent (an Affected Lender ), (i) becomes a Non-Funding Lender with respect to the Loan or (ii) does not consent to any amendment, waiver or consent to any Loan Document for which the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained but that requires the consent of all Lenders, Borrower may either pay in full such Affected Lender 
 9 

 with respect to amounts due on the Term Loan at par value of such Term Loan (and without any prepayment premium or other fee) of such Lender with the consent of Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) or substitute for such Affected Lender any other Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender or any other Person acceptable (which acceptance shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) to Agent (in each case, a Substitute Lender ). (b) Procedure . To substitute such Affected Lender or pay in full the Obligations owed to such Affected Lender under such Lender s Term Loan at par value (and without any prepayment premium or other fee), Borrower shall deliver a notice to Agent and such Affected Lender. The effectiveness of such payment or substitution shall be subject to the delivery to Agent by Borrower (or, as may be applicable in the case of a substitution, by the Substitute Lender) of (i) payment for the account of such Affected Lender, of, to the extent accrued through, and outstanding on, the effective date for such payment or substitution, all Obligations owing to such Affected Lender with respect to such Lender s Term Loan at par value (and without any prepayment premium or other fee), and (ii) in the case of a substitution, (A) payment of the assignment fee set forth in Section 8(a) and (B) an assumption agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Agent whereby the Substitute Lender shall, among other things, agree to be bound by the terms of the Loan Documents and assume the Term Loan Commitments of the Affected Lender. (c) Effectiveness . Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in clause (b) above, Agent shall record such substitution or payment in the Register, whereupon (i) in the case of any payment in full of all Obligations owing to such Affected Lender, such Affected Lender s Term Loan Commitments (if not previously terminated) and the outstanding Term Loan shall be terminated and (ii) in the case of any substitution, (A) the Affected Lender shall sell and be relieved of, and the Substitute Lender shall purchase and assume, all rights and claims of such Affected Lender under the Loan Documents with respect to such Lender s Term Loan, except that the Affected Lender shall retain such rights expressly providing that they survive the repayment of the Obligations and the termination of the Term Loan Commitments, (B) the Substitute Lender shall become a Lender hereunder having a Term Loan Commitment (if not previously terminated) and the outstanding Term Loan in the amount of such Affected Lender s Term Loan Commitment and/or outstanding Term Loan as applicable, and (C) the Affected Lender shall execute and deliver to Agent an Assignment Agreement to evidence such substitution and deliver any Note in its possession with respect to its Term Loan; provided , however , that the failure of any Affected Lender to execute any such Assignment Agreement or deliver any such Note shall not render such sale and purchase (or the corresponding assignment) invalid. 1.15 Inability to Determine Rates. Subject to Section 10.17, if, on or prior to the first day of any quarter, either (a) the Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, or (b) the Required Lenders determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a SOFR Loan or a conversion thereto or a continuation thereof that Adjusted Term SOFR for any applicable interest period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making and maintaining such Loan, and the Required Lenders have provided notice of such determination to the Agent, then, in each case, the Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Upon notice thereof by the Agent to the Borrower, any obligation of the Lenders to make SOFR Loans, and any right of the Borrower to continue SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to SOFR Loans, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected interest periods) until the Agent (with respect to the foregoing clause (b), at the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected interest periods) or, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing or continuation of, or conversion to, Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein and (ii) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted into Base Rate Loans at the end of the applicable interest period. Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to this Agreement. Subject to Section 10.17, if the Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof on any given day, the interest rate on Base Rate Loans shall be determined by the Agent without reference to the clause of the definition of Base Rate that is based on Adjusted Term SOFR until the Agent revokes such determination. 
 10 

 2. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 2.1 Conditions to the Loan . No Lender shall be obligated to make a Term Loan on the Closing Date, unless and until all of the following conditions have been satisfied in a manner satisfactory to Agent in its sole discretion, or waived in writing by Agent: (a) Closing Checklist . The documents and other items or actions set forth on the Closing Checklist Schedule D shall have been duly executed and delivered, or completed by the appropriate parties, except where such Closing Checklist indicates that such document, item or action may be delivered or completed after the Closing Date; (b) Insurance . Agent shall have received evidence satisfactory to it that the insurance policies provided for in Section 3.16 are in full force and effect, together with appropriate evidence showing loss payable or additional insured clauses or endorsements in favor of Agent as required under such Section; (c) Opinions of Counsel . Agent shall have received opinions of counsel to the Credit Parties with respect to this Agreement, the Notes and the other Loan Documents in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent; (d) Fees . Borrower has paid the fees under the Fee Letters due and payable on the Closing Date to Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders and shall have reimbursed Agent for all reasonable attorneys fees, and other costs and expenses of closing due and owing and presented as of the Closing Date (together with any estimates of any post-closing costs and expenses related to post-closing items, if any), each in immediately available funds, or authorized the Agent to deduct the fees due and payable on the Closing Date under the Fee Letters and such other fees, costs and expenses of closing from the amount of the Term Loan made on the Closing Date; (e) Reserved . (f) Representations and Warranties . Any representation or warranty by any Credit Party contained herein or in any of the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct (x) as stated as to representations and warranties which contain materiality limitations, and (y) in all material respects as to all other representations and warranties; except to the extent that any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case, such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date (x) as stated as to representations and warranties which contain materiality limitations, and (y) in all material respects as to all other representations and warranties; (g) Material Adverse Effect . No event or circumstance that has had or reasonably could be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect has occurred since December 31, 2019; (h) Default . No Default has occurred or is continuing or would result after giving effect to the Loan; (i) Financings and Other Transactions, etc. (i) The Transactions shall have been consummated or shall be consummated simultaneously on the Closing Date, in each case in all material respects in accordance with the terms hereof and the terms of the Transaction Documents. (ii) The Borrower shall have entered into the Revolving Loan Agreement with the Revolving Agent and the other parties thereto, providing for a revolving credit facility to Borrower with an aggregate revolving commitment amount of 30,000,000, and the Revolving Loan Documents shall be reasonably acceptable to Agent and Co-Lead Arranger. Agent (on behalf of the Lenders), on the one hand, and the Revolving Agent (on behalf of the secured parties under the Revolving Loan Documents) shall have entered into an Intercreditor Agreement (the Intercreditor Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and Co-Lead Arranger. 
 11 

 (iii) The Agent shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to it that all Indebtedness of the Credit Parties existing prior to the Closing Date and not permitted under Section 5.1 shall have been paid in full from Proceeds of the Loan and/or Proceeds of the initial advance under the Revolving Loan Agreement, and that the commitment by any prior lender to make extensions of credit to the Credit Parties has been terminated to the satisfaction of the Agent with all liens in favor of such prior lenders being unconditionally released; the Agent shall have received a pay-off letter in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent with respect to all such Indebtedness being paid in full from such Proceeds and any such commitment to make extensions of credit terminated; and the Agent shall have received from any Person holding any Lien securing any such debt, such UCC termination statements, mortgage releases, releases of assignments of leases and rents, releases of security interests in Intellectual Property and other instruments, in each case in proper form for recording, as the Agent shall have reasonably requested to release and terminate of record the Liens securing such debt. (j) Indebtedness and Minority Interests . After giving effect to the Transactions and the other transactions contemplated hereby, no Credit Party shall have outstanding any Indebtedness or preferred stock other than (i) the Loans hereunder, (ii) the Indebtedness under the Revolving Credit Agreement, (iii) the Indebtedness and preferred stock listed on Disclosure Schedule (3.18) , and (iv) any Indebtedness otherwise permitted under Section 5.1 . (k) Requirements of Law . The Credit Parties and the Transactions shall be in full compliance with all material Requirements of Law, including Regulations T, U and X of the Federal Reserve Board, and Agent shall have received satisfactory evidence of such compliance reasonably requested by it. (l) Consents . All requisite Governmental Authorities and third parties shall have approved or consented to the Transactions, and there shall be no governmental or judicial action, actual or threatened, that has or would have, singly or in the aggregate, a reasonable likelihood of restraining, preventing or imposing burdensome conditions on the Transactions or the other transactions contemplated hereby. (m) Litigation . There shall be no litigation, public or private, or administrative proceedings, governmental investigation or other legal or regulatory developments, actual or threatened, that, singly or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or could materially and adversely affect the ability of the Credit Parties to fully and timely perform their respective obligations under the Loan Documents or the ability of the parties to consummate the financings contemplated hereby or the other Transactions. (n) Sources and Uses . The sources and uses of the Loan shall be as set forth in Section 1.3 . (o) Personal Property Requirements . The Agent shall have received: (i) Unless provided otherwise in the Intercreditor Agreement, (A) all certificates, agreements or instruments representing or evidencing the Pledged Securities, and (B) original instruments of transfer and stock powers undated and endorsed in blank with respect to such certificates, agreements and instruments; (ii) all other certificates, agreements, or instruments necessary to perfect the Agent s security interest in all Chattel Paper, all Instruments, and all Investment Property of each Credit Party (to the extent required hereunder); (iii) UCC and PPSA financing statements in appropriate form for filing under the UCC and the PPSA, as applicable, filings with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, United States Copyright Office and the Canadian Intellectual Property Office, as applicable, and such other documents under applicable Requirements of Law in each jurisdiction as may be necessary or appropriate or, in the opinion of the Agent, desirable to perfect the Liens created, or purported to be created, hereunder; 
 12 

 (iv) certified copies (to the extent applicable) of UCC, PPSA, United States Patent and Trademark Office and United States Copyright Office, Canadian Intellectual Property Office, Bank Act (Canada), tax and judgment lien searches, bankruptcy, execution and pending lawsuit searches or equivalent reports or searches, each of a recent date listing all effective financing statements, lien notices or comparable documents that name any Credit Party as debtor and that are filed in those federal, provincial, territorial, state and county jurisdictions in which any Credit Party is organized or maintains its chief executive office, registered office, principal place of business, property or assets with a value in excess of 100,000 and such other searches that are required by the Perfection Certificate or that the Agent deems necessary or appropriate, none of which encumber the Collateral covered or intended to be covered hereunder (other than Permitted Liens or any other Liens acceptable to the Agent); and (v) evidence acceptable to the Agent of payment or arrangements for payment by the Credit Parties of all applicable recording taxes, fees, charges, costs and expenses required for the recording of Liens. (p) USA PATRIOT Act . The Lenders and the Agent shall have timely received the information required under Section 10.13 and background investigations of the Guarantors and the Borrower s management and the results thereof shall be satisfactory to Agent in its sole discretion. (q) Tax Analysis . Agent shall have completed a tax analysis of each Credit Party, the results of which shall be satisfactory to Agent in its sole discretion. (r) Capitalization Information . Agent shall have received from the Borrower, an accurate and complete, in all material respects, (i) list of the record shareholders of Holdings as maintained by Holdings and (ii) list of the shareholders holding at least 5 of the Equity Interests of Holdings (including the applicable ownership percentages), in each case, as of a recent date prior to the Closing Date. (s) Organization Chart . Agent shall have received from the Borrower an accurate and complete organization chart reflecting all of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries and joint ventures of Holdings (and any other Person in which Holdings or any of the foregoing Subsidiaries or joint ventures holds Equity Interests) (including the applicable ownership percentages) as of: (i) the date immediately prior to the Closing Date (the Pre-Closing Organization Chart ), and (ii) the date immediately following the Closing Date (the Post-Closing Organization Chart (collectively, the Organization Charts ). To the extent that the Pre-Closing Organization Chart is identical to the Post-Closing Organization Chart, the Borrower may certify to Agent that the Post-Closing Organization Chart is identical to the Pre-Closing Organization Chart. (t) Financial Requirements . (i) Minimum Liquidity . After giving pro forma effect to the Transactions, Liquidity shall be equal to or greater than 7,500,000. (u) Delivery of SBA Document s. The Borrower shall have delivered the following documents in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and each Lender that is an SBIC (and, as applicable, duly executed and dated as of the Closing Date or an earlier date satisfactory to such SBIC): (i) a Note; (ii) the SBA Side Letter; (iii) each duly executed and completed SBA Form; and (iv) such other documents or instruments as reasonably requested by such SBIC to comply with the Act. 
 13 

 (v) Financial Information . The Borrower shall have delivered the following documents in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent: (i) Annual projections for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for 5 years, including monthly projections for at least the 24 months following the Closing Date; and (ii) Audited financial statements for the prior three Fiscal Years (including the most recently ended Fiscal Year) and unaudited financial statements for last 3 fiscal quarters, all for Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated and consolidating basis. (iii) The Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Revolving Agent on the Closing Date. (iv) A pro forma balance sheet for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Agent. (v) Background checks on certain officers and members of management of the Borrower as determined by Agent and Co-Lead Arranger. (vi) Evidence of the solvency of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, pursuant to a form of solvency certificate in the form of Exhibit G hereto. 3. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS To induce Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to induce the Lenders to make the Loan, Borrower and each other Credit Party executing this Agreement, jointly and severally, represent and warrant to Agent and each Lender (each of which representations and warranties shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement), and promise to and agree with Agent and each Lender until the Termination Date as follows: 3.1 Corporate Existence; Compliance with Law . Each Grantor: (a) is, as of the Closing Date, and thereafter will continue to be (i) (A) a corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership, as applicable, duly organized, and validly existing (except as otherwise expressly permitted under Section 5.3) and (B) in good standing (or its equivalent) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (ii) duly qualified to do business and in good standing (or its equivalent) in each other jurisdiction where its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (iii) in compliance with all Requirements of Law, Contractual Obligations and Permits that are necessary or appropriate for the conduct of such Grantor s business, except to the extent failure to comply therewith could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (b) has and will continue to have (i) the requisite corporate power, or limited liability company power, as applicable, and authority and the legal right to (A) execute and deliver the Loan Documents, in each case, as of the date of execution and delivery of such Loan Documents to which it is a party, (B) perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (C) own, pledge, mortgage or otherwise encumber and operate its properties, to lease the property it operates under lease, and to conduct its business as now, heretofore or proposed to be conducted, and (ii) except as could not, individually, or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, all licenses, permits, franchises, rights, powers, consents or approvals from or by all Persons or Governmental Authorities having jurisdiction over such Grantor that are necessary or appropriate for the conduct of its business. 3.2 Executive Offices, Registered Offices; Corporate or Other Name s. (a) Each Grantor s name as it appears in official filings in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) the type of entity of each Grantor, (c) the organizational identification number issued by each Grantor s jurisdiction of incorporation or organization or a statement that no such number has been issued, (d) each Grantor s jurisdiction of organization or incorporation, and (e) the location of each Grantor s chief executive office, registered office and locations of Collateral when not in use by a customer of any Grantor are as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.2) and, except as set forth in such Disclosure Schedule, such locations have not changed during the preceding twelve (12) months. As of the Closing Date, during the prior five (5) years, except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.2) , no Grantor has been known as or conducted business in any other name (including trade names) than the name of such 
 14 

 Grantor set forth on the signature page hereto. Borrower has only one jurisdiction of incorporation or organization. 3.3 Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations . The execution, delivery and performance by each Grantor of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and the creation of all Liens provided for herein and therein: (a) are and will continue to be within such Grantor s power and authority; (b) have been and will continue to be duly authorized by all necessary or proper action; (c) are not and will not be in violation of any Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation of such Grantor; (d) do not and will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) upon any of the Collateral; and (e) do not and will not require the consent or approval of any Governmental Authority or any other Person, except any such consents or approvals that have been given or made and are in full force and effect. As of the Closing Date, each Loan Document shall have been duly executed and delivered on behalf of each Grantor party thereto, and each such Loan Document upon such execution and delivery shall be and will continue to be a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Grantor, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, and other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally. 3.4 Financial Statements; Books and Records . (a) The annual, quarterly and monthly Financial Statements of the Grantors delivered pursuant to Section 4.1 present fairly in all material respects the financial condition of such Grantors as of the date of each such Financial Statement in accordance with GAAP (subject to normal year-end adjustments and to the absence of footnotes in the case of unaudited statements). (b) The Grantors shall keep proper books and records in which proper entries, reflecting all consolidated and consolidating financial transactions, will be made in accordance with GAAP and all Requirements of Law in all material respects of all financial transactions and the assets and business of each Grantor on a basis consistent with the Financial Statements. 3.5 Material Adverse Change . Between December 31, 2019 and the Closing Date, no events with respect to any Grantor have occurred that alone or in the aggregate has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation of any Grantor has or has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Grantor is in default, and to such Grantor s knowledge no third party is in default, under or with respect to any of its Contractual Obligations, that alone or in the aggregate has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 3.6 Revolving Loan Documents . With respect to the Term Loans, (i) the Borrower is permitted to incur such Term Loans under the Revolving Loan Documents, (ii) the Agent s Liens on the Collateral securing the Term Loans are permitted under the Revolving Loan Documents and (iii) the Borrower and each Credit Party are in compliance in all material respects with the Revolving Loan Documents and no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing under such documents. 3.7 Subsidiaries . Except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.7) , as of the Closing Date, no Credit Party has any Subsidiaries. The issued and outstanding Stock of each Credit Party (excluding all rights to purchase, options, warrants or similar rights or agreements pursuant to which any Credit Party may be required to issue, sell, repurchase or redeem any of its Stock) as of the Closing Date is accurately reflected in the organizational chart delivered pursuant to Section 3.29(c) and set forth in the Perfection Certificate or any supplement thereto (whichever was most recently delivered to Agent). 3.8 Government Regulation; Margin Regulations . No Grantor is subject to or regulated under any federal, state, provincial or territorial statute, rule or regulation that restricts or limits such Person s ability to incur Indebtedness, pledge its assets, or to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents. The making of the Loan, the application of the proceeds and repayment thereof, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents do not and will not violate any Requirement of Law. No Grantor is engaged, nor will it engage, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security as such terms are defined in Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board as now and hereafter in effect (such securities being referred to herein as Margin Stock ). No Grantor owns any Margin 
 15 

 Stock, and none of the proceeds of the Loan or other extensions of credit under this Agreement will be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock or reducing or retiring any Indebtedness that was originally incurred to purchase or carry any Margin Stock. No Grantor will take or permit to be taken any action that could reasonably be expected to cause any Loan Document to violate any regulation of the Federal Reserve Board. 3.9 Taxes; Charges. Except as disclosed in Disclosure Schedule (3.9) , all tax returns, reports and statements required by any Governmental Authority to be filed by Borrower or any other Grantor have, as of the Closing Date, been filed and will, until the Termination Date, be filed with the appropriate Governmental Authority and, as of the Closing Date, no tax Lien has been filed against any Grantor or any Grantor s property. Borrower and each Grantor has paid all federal, state, provincial and other taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves are being maintained in accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Disclosure Schedule (3.9) sets forth as of the Closing Date those taxable years for which any Grantor s tax returns are currently being audited by the IRS or any other applicable Governmental Authority and any assessments or assessments threatened in writing in connection with such audit, or otherwise currently outstanding. As of the Closing Date, no Grantor has agreed or been requested to make any adjustment under Section 481(a) of the IRC (or the comparable provisions of the Income Tax Act (Canada) in respect of a Canadian Credit Party), by reason of a change in accounting method or otherwise, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 3.10 Payment of Obligations . Each Grantor will pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or before they become delinquent, as the case may be, all of its material Charges and other obligations of whatever nature, except where the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and reserves in conformity with GAAP with respect thereto have been provided on the books of such Grantor and, except as otherwise notified to Agent in writing, no material portion of the Collateral is or could reasonably be expected to become subject to any Lien or forfeiture or loss as a result of such contest. 3.11 ERISA and Canadian Pension Plans. (a) No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other existing ERISA Events, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in Disclosure Schedule (3.11) , the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of the Grantors under each Plan (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent Financial Statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of such Plan by more than the Threshold Amount when aggregated with the potential Withdrawal Liability, and the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of all underfunded Plans (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Account Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent Financial Statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of such underfunded Plans by more than the Threshold Amount when aggregated with the potential Withdrawal Liability. No Grantor or ERISA Affiliate has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any Withdrawal Liability in excess of the Threshold Amount. (b) Each Grantor shall furnish to the Agent (x) as soon as possible after, and in any event within five (5) days after any Responsible Officer of any Credit Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates knows or has reason to know that, any ERISA Event has occurred that, alone or together with any other ERISA Event could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Credit Parties or any of their ERISA Affiliates in an aggregate amount exceeding the Threshold Amount or the imposition of a Lien, a statement of a Responsible Officer of such Credit Party or such ERISA Affiliate setting forth details as to such ERISA Event and the action, if any, that such Credit Party or such ERISA Affiliate proposes to take with respect thereto; (y) upon request by the Agent, copies of (i) each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) filed by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate with the IRS with respect to each Plan; (ii) the most recent actuarial valuation report for each Plan; (iii) all notices received by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan sponsor or any governmental agency concerning an ERISA Event; and 
 16 

 (iv) such other documents or governmental reports or filings relating to any Plan (or employee benefit plan, as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, sponsored or contributed to by any Credit Party) as the Agent shall reasonably request and (z) promptly following any request therefor, copies of (i) any documents described in Section 101(k) of ERISA that any Credit Party or its ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan and (ii) any notices described in Section 101(1) of ERISA that any Credit Party or its ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan; provided , that if any Credit Party or its ERISA Affiliate has not requested such documents or notices from the administrator or sponsor of the applicable Multiemployer Plan, the applicable Credit Party or ERISA Affiliate shall promptly make a request for such documents or notices from such administrator or sponsor and shall provide copies of such documents and notices promptly after receipt thereof. (c) No Grantor maintains or contributes to, or has in the past maintained or contributed to, a Canadian Pension Plan for its Canadian employees or former employees which contains a defined benefit provision, as defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada). 3.12 Litigation . Except as specifically disclosed in Disclosure Schedule (3.12) , there are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending, or to the knowledge of each Credit Party, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, against any Credit Party or any of their respective Properties which: (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any other Transaction Document or any of the Transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; or (b) would reasonably be expected to result in equitable relief or monetary judgment(s), individually or in the aggregate, in excess of the Threshold Amount. Except as set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.12) , no injunction, writ, temporary restraining order or any order of any nature has been issued by any court or other Governmental Authority purporting to enjoin or restrain the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or Transaction Document, or directing that the transactions provided for herein or therein not be consummated as herein or therein provided. As of the Closing Date, except with respect to matters set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.12) , no Credit Party or any Subsidiary of any Credit Party is the subject of an audit or, to each Credit Party s knowledge, any review or investigation by any Governmental Authority (excluding the IRS and other taxing authorities) concerning the violation or possible violation of any Requirement of Law. Each Grantor shall notify Agent promptly in writing upon having knowledge of the existence, threat or commencement of any Litigation described in subsections (a) and (b) above or any such audit, review or investigation. 3.13 Intellectual Property . The Grantors own, or are licensed to use, all such Intellectual Property material to its business as currently conducted, except for such Intellectual Property the failure of which to so own or be so licensed could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Grantor will take all necessary steps to preserve its ownership and licenses in such Intellectual Property as may be necessary or required to permit Agent to sell, transfer, rent, or use the Collateral upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default. To permit Agent to sell, transfer, rent, or use the Collateral upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, each Grantor hereby grants to Agent an irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide license (exercisable without payment of royalty or other compensation to such Grantor), including in such license the right to sublicense, use and practice any Intellectual Property now owned or hereafter acquired by such Grantor and access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all software and programs used for the compilation or printout thereof. As of the Closing Date, the Grantors own or are licensed to use the Intellectual Property as set forth in Disclosure Schedule 3.13). Each Grantor shall maintain the patenting and registration of all Intellectual Property with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the United States Copyright Office, the Canadian Intellectual Property Office or other appropriate Governmental Authority other than with respect to such Intellectual Property that, in the reasonable judgment of such Grantor, is determined to be uneconomical, negligible or obsolete in the conduct of its business. In the event that any Grantor becomes aware that any Intellectual Property material to the conduct of its business has been or is about to be infringed, misappropriated or diluted by a third party in any material respect, such Grantor promptly shall notify the Agent and shall take such actions as are appropriate under the circumstances to protect such Intellectual Property, 
 17 

 including, if consistent with good business judgment, promptly suing for infringement, misappropriation or dilution, and to recover any and all damages for such infringement, misappropriation or dilution. 3.14 Full Disclosure . No information contained in any Loan Document, the Financial Statements or any written statement (other than matters of a general economic nature) furnished by or on behalf of any Grantor under any Loan Document, or to induce Agent and the Lenders to execute the Loan Documents (as such information has been amended, supplemented or superseded by any other information later delivered to the same parties receiving such information, provided that the delivery of such amended, supplemented or superseding information shall not cure any Event of Default arising under Section 7.1(b) other than with respect to this Section 3.14 ), when taken as a whole, contains when furnished any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which they were made; provided, that with respect to projections and other forward-looking information, such Grantor represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by such Grantor to be reasonable at the time of preparation, it being understood that such projections may vary from actual results and that such variations may be material. 3.15 Environmental Liabilities . Except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.15) , as of the Closing Date, (a) no Grantor is subject to any Environmental Liabilities or, to any Grantor s knowledge, potential Environmental Liabilities, that could reasonably be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate and (b) no notice has been received by any Grantor identifying it as a potentially responsible party or requesting information under CERCLA or analogous state statutes, and to the knowledge of any Grantor, there are no facts, circumstances or conditions that may result in any Grantor being identified as a potentially responsible party under CERCLA or analogous state statutes, in each such case if such circumstance could reasonably be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate. Each Grantor: (i) shall comply in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws and environmental permits, (ii) shall notify Agent in writing within seven (7) days if and when it becomes aware of any Release, on, at, in, under, above, to, from or about any real property owned, leased or occupied by a Grantor if such Release could reasonably be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate, (iii) shall notify Agent in writing within seven (7) days if and when it becomes aware of any claims that could reasonably be expected to form the basis for any Environmental Liabilities that could reasonably be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate, and (iv) shall notify Agent in writing within seven (7) days if and when it becomes aware of any occurrences of non-compliance with Environmental Laws or environmental permits, to the extent any such failure to comply could reasonably be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate. Without limiting the foregoing, if an Event of Default is continuing or if Agent at any time has a reasonable basis to believe that there exist violations of Environmental Laws by any Grantor or that there exist any Environmental Liabilities, in each case, that would have, in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, then each Grantor shall, promptly upon receipt of request from Agent, cause the performance of, and allow Agent access to such real property for the purpose of conducting, such environmental audits and assessments, including subsurface sampling of soil and groundwater, and cause the preparation of such reports, in each case as Agent may from time to time reasonably request. Such audits, assessments and reports, to the extent not conducted by Agent shall be conducted and prepared by reputable environmental consulting firms reasonably acceptable to Agent and shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Agent. Each Credit Party has made available to Agent copies of all existing environmental reports, reviews and audits and all documents prepared since January 1, 2010 pertaining to actual or potential Environmental Liabilities, in each case to the extent such reports, reviews, audits and documents are in their possession, custody, control or otherwise available to the Credit Parties. 3.16 Insurance . As of the Closing Date, Disclosure Schedule (3.16) lists all insurance of any nature maintained by Borrower with respect to the Collateral as well as all liability insurance maintained by the Grantors, as well as a summary of the terms of such insurance. (a) Coverage . Without limiting any of the other obligations or liabilities of the Grantors under this Agreement, the Grantors shall, during the term of this Agreement, carry and maintain, at its own expense, at least the minimum insurance coverage set forth in this Section 3.16 . All insurance carried pursuant to this Section 3.16 shall be placed with such insurers (that are not Affiliates of the Grantors (including without 
 18 

 limitation any Captive Insurance Subsidiary)) having a minimum A.M. Best rating of A-:VIII (or as may be otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Agent), be in such amounts as are customarily carried or maintained by similarly situated entities engaged in similar businesses, and be in such form, with terms, conditions, limits and deductibles as shall be reasonably acceptable to Agent. The insurance required to be carried and maintained by Grantors hereunder shall, in all events, include, without limitation, the following: (i) All Risk Property Insurance . The Grantors shall maintain, all risk property insurance covering against physical loss or damage, including but not limited to fire and extended coverage, collapse, flood (if required), earth movement and comprehensive boiler and machinery coverage (including electrical malfunction and mechanical breakdown). Coverage shall be written on a replacement cost basis in an amount reasonably acceptable to Agent; and, (ii) Commercial General Liability Insurance . The Grantors shall maintain comprehensive general liability insurance written on an occurrence basis with a limit of not less than 1,000,000 per occurrence for bodily injury and/or property damage with an aggregate of 2,000,000. Such coverage shall include, but not be limited to, premises/operations, broad form contractual liability, products/completed operations, property damage and personal injury liability; and, (iii) Excess/Umbrella Liability Insurance . The Grantors shall maintain excess and/or umbrella liability insurance written on an occurrence basis in an amount not less than 20,000,000 providing coverage limits excess of the insurance limits required under subsection (a)(ii) . Such insurance shall follow the form of the primary insurances and drop down in case of exhaustion of underlying limits and/or aggregates. (b) Endorsements . The Grantors shall cause all insurance policies carried and maintained in accordance with this Section 3.16 to be endorsed as follows: (i) Agent, on behalf of Lenders, shall be named as lender s loss payee with respect to property policy described in subsection a)(i). Agent, on behalf of Lenders, shall be named as an additional insured with respect to liability policies described in subsections (a)(ii) and, to the extent allowed by applicable law, (a)(iii) . It shall be understood that any obligation imposed upon the Grantors, including but not limited to the obligation to pay premiums, shall be the sole obligation of the Grantors and not that of the Agent; and, (ii) With respect to the property policy described in subsection (a)(i) , the interests of the Agent shall not be invalidated by any action or inaction of any Grantor or any other Person, and shall insure the Agent regardless of any breach or violation by any Grantor or any other Person, of any warranties, declarations or conditions of such policies; and, (iii) If such insurance is canceled for any reason whatsoever, including nonpayment of premium, or any changes are initiated by the Grantors or the carrier which adversely affect the interests of the Agent, such cancellation or change shall not be effective as to the Agent until thirty (30) days (or 10 days, in the case of a cancellation resulting from the non-payment of any insurance premiums) after receipt by Agent of written notice from such insurer. (c) Insurance Reporting . On the Closing Date, and at each policy renewal, but not less than annually, the Grantors shall provide to the Agent reasonable evidence that shall identify the underwriters, the type of insurance, the limits, deductibles, and term thereof and shall specifically list the special provisions delineated in section (b) above for such insurance required for this Section 3.16 . (d) Reserved . (e) Notice to Agent . The Grantors shall notify the Agent immediately whenever any separate insurance concurrent in form or contributing in the event of loss with that required to be maintained under this Section 3.16 is taken out by any Credit Party; and promptly deliver to the Agent a copy of such policy or policies. 
 19 

 (f) Flood Insurance . With respect to each Mortgaged Property (if any) located in the United States, the Grantors shall obtain flood insurance in such total amount as the Agent or the Required Lenders may from time to time require, if at any time the area in which any improvements located on any Mortgaged Property is designated a flood hazard area in any Flood Insurance Rate Map published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency), and otherwise comply with the National Flood Insurance Program as set forth in the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, as amended from time to time and all legislation, and rules and regulations thereunder, administered by the relevant local conservation authority with respect to flood plain management and other conservation matters. (g) Mortgaged Properties . No Credit Party that is an owner of any Mortgaged Property shall take any action that is reasonably likely to be the basis for termination, revocation or denial of any insurance coverage required to be maintained under such Credit Party s respective Mortgage or that could be the basis for a defense to any claim under any insurance policy maintained in respect of the mortgaged properties, and each Credit Party shall otherwise comply in all material respects with all Insurance Requirements in respect of the mortgaged properties; provided , however , that each Credit Party may, at its own expense and after written notice to the Agent, (i) contest the applicability or enforceability of any such Insurance Requirements by appropriate legal proceedings, the prosecution of which does not constitute a basis for cancellation or revocation of any insurance coverage required under this Section 3.16 or (ii) cause the insurance policy containing any such Insurance Requirement to be replaced by a new policy complying with the provisions of this Section 3.16 . (h) Borrower shall direct all present and future insurers under its policies of insurance to pay all proceeds payable thereunder with respect to the Collateral directly to Agent for application, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, pursuant to Section 1.2(c) . If any insurance proceeds are paid by check, draft or other instrument payable to Borrower and Agent jointly, Agent may endorse Borrower s name thereon and do such other things as Agent may deem advisable to reduce the same to cash, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. 3.17 Solvency . Both before and after giving effect to (a) the Loan, the issuance of the Guarantees of the Obligations and the pledge of assets as security therefor by all of the Grantors, (b) the disbursement of the proceeds of the Loan pursuant to the instructions of the Borrower, and (c) the payment and accrual of all transaction costs in connection with the foregoing, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole are Solvent. 3.18 Other Financings . Except as disclosed in Disclosure Schedule (3.18) attached hereto or as otherwise permitted under Section 5.1 , none of the Credit Parties has outstanding as of the Closing Date any Indebtedness. 3.19 Conduct of Business . Each Grantor (a) shall conduct its business substantially as now conducted or as otherwise permitted hereunder, and (b) shall at all times maintain, preserve and protect all of the Collateral, except to the extent otherwise permitted under this Agreement and keep the same in good repair, working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty excepted, and make, or cause to be made, all necessary or appropriate repairs, replacements and improvements thereto consistent with manufacturer specifications and industry practices. 3.20 Further Assurances . At any time and from time to time, upon the written request of Agent and at the sole expense of the Grantors, the Grantors shall promptly and duly execute and deliver any and all such further instruments and documents and take such further action as Agent may reasonably deem necessary (a) to obtain the full benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (b) to protect, preserve and maintain Agent s rights in any Collateral and security interests or the equivalent under any foreign law, or (c) to enable Agent to exercise all or any of the rights and powers herein granted. 3.21 Collateral/Maintenance of Property . (a) Each Grantor holds and will continue to hold, subject to dispositions permitted under Section 5.3, 5.4, 
 20 

 5.5 or 5.7, good title to any of its property constituting the Collateral and none of such property is or will be subject to any Liens except Permitted Liens. (b) Each Grantor shall (i) maintain and preserve in all material respects in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty excepted, the Collateral and all other of its property necessary in the conduct of its business, and such Collateral shall be maintained, in all material respects, in accordance with all manufacturer s suggested and recommended maintenance procedures, including preventive maintenance, (ii) (A) to the extent necessary to the conduct of its business, obtain, maintain and preserve in full force and effect any NRC License or NQAP License, and (B) obtain, maintain and preserve all material rights, permits, licenses, approvals and privileges (including all Permits) (other than a NRC License or NQAP License) necessary, used or useful, whether because of its ownership, lease, sublease or other operation or occupation of property or other conduct of its business, and shall make all necessary or appropriate filings with, and give all required notices to, Governmental Authorities, except where the failure to make such filings or give such notices could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (iii) maintain the Collateral in compliance in all material respects with all applicable statutes, laws, ordinances, regulations, standards, directives, orders, judgments and permits (including environmental) issued by any Governmental Authority, and (iv) promptly after request by Agent note or shall have noted Agent s Lien on all certificates of title (to the extent issued) of such Collateral, to the extent such Collateral is located in the United States or Canada and subject to motor vehicle registration requirements, provided that Agent shall not request such notation unless such Collateral has a fair market value in excess of 100,000 in the aggregate. (c) Collateral shall not be located in, in transit to or used by a customer, in any country, state, nation, or territory (i) listed on the Lists or otherwise under United States sanctions for conducting business or (ii) set forth on Schedule E hereto (as such Schedule E may be amended by written notice from time to time by Agent to Borrower on a prospective basis) (each a Restricted Location ). Upon an amendment to Schedule E pursuant to the forgoing sentence such that Collateral is located in a Restricted Location that was not located in a Restricted Location prior to such amendment, no Grantor shall extend or renew any rental agreements or enter into any new rental agreements which would cause the Collateral to be located in, in transit to or in use in a Restricted Location by a customer of such Grantor and such Grantor shall remove such Collateral from such Restricted Location within fifteen (15) days from the delivery of such notice or, if such Collateral is subject to a rental agreement with a customer of such Grantor at such time, fifteen (15) days from the end of the then current term of such rental agreement. When not in transit to or in use by a customer of any Grantor, the Collateral will primarily be located at the Chief Executive Office or a Rental Office. (d) Real Property . The Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date contain a true and complete list of each interest in Real Property (i) owned by any Credit Party as of the Closing Date and describes the type of interest therein held by such Credit Party and whether such owned Real Property is leased and if leased whether the underlying lease contains any option to purchase all or any portion of such Real Property or any interest therein or contains any right of first refusal relating to any sale of such Real Property or any portion thereof or interest therein and (ii) leased, subleased or otherwise occupied or utilized by any Credit Party, as lessee, sublessee, franchisee or licensee, as of the Closing Date and describes the type of interest therein held by such Credit Party and, in each of the cases described in clauses (i) and (ii) of this Section 3 .21(d), whether any lease requires the consent of the landlord or tenant thereunder, or other party thereto, to the Transactions. 3.22 Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Compliance . (a) No Credit Party and, after making due inquiry, no Material Holder of Holdings or customer of a Credit Party, is (i) listed on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List (the SDN List maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), Department of the Treasury, and/or on any other similar list maintained under any Canadian AML/Sanction Laws or otherwise Other Lists and, collectively with the SDN List, the Lists maintained by the OFAC pursuant to any authorizing statute, Executive Order or regulation (collectively, OFAC Laws and Regulations or (ii) a Person (a Designated Person either (A) included within the term designated national as defined in the Cuban Assets Control Regulations, 31 C.F.R. Part 515, or (B) designated under Sections 1(a), 1(b), 1(c) or 1(d) of Executive Order No. 13224, 66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (published September 25, 2001) or similarly designated 
 21 

 under any related enabling legislation or any other similar Executive Orders (collectively, the Executive Orders ). The OFAC Laws and Regulations, the Canadian AML/Sanction Laws and the Executive Orders are collectively referred to in this Agreement as the Anti-Terrorism Laws . Each of the Credit Parties represents and warrants that it requires, and has taken reasonable measures to ensure compliance with the requirement, that no Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries is or shall be listed on any of the Lists or is or shall be a Designated Person. This Section 3.22 shall not apply to any Person to the extent that such Person s interest in the Borrower is through a U.S. Publicly-Traded Entity. As used in this Agreement, U.S. Publicly-Traded Entity means a Person (other than an individual) whose securities are listed on a national securities exchange, or quoted on an automated quotation system, in the United States, or a wholly-owned subsidiary of such a Person. (b) Each Credit Party represents and warrants that it has taken reasonable measures appropriate to the circumstances (and in any event as required by law), with respect to each Material Holder of a direct or indirect interest in such Credit Party, to assure that funds invested by such Material Holders in the Credit Parties are derived from legal sources Anti-Money Laundering Measures ). The Anti-Money Laundering Measures have been undertaken in accordance with the Bank Secrecy Act, 31 U.S.C. 5311 et seq. BSA ), and all applicable laws, regulations and government guidance on BSA compliance and on the prevention and detection of money laundering violations under 18 U.S.C. 1956 and 1957 and the Canadian AML/Sanction Laws (collectively with the BSA, Anti-Money Laundering Laws ). (c) Each Credit Party represents and warrants to Agent and each Lender, to its actual knowledge after making due inquiry, that no such Credit Party or any Material Holder of a direct or indirect interest in such Credit Party (i) is under investigation by any Governmental Authority for, or has been charged with, or convicted of, money laundering under 18 U.S.C. 1956 and 1957, drug trafficking, terrorist-related activities or other money laundering predicate crimes, or any violation of the BSA or other Anti-Money Laundering Laws, (ii) has been assessed civil penalties under any Anti-Money Laundering Laws, or (iii) has had any of its funds seized or forfeited in an action under any Anti-Money Laundering Laws. (d) Each Credit Party represents and warrants to Agent and each Lender that it has taken reasonable measures appropriate to the circumstances (in any event as required by applicable law), to ensure that such Credit Party is in compliance with all applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws and laws, regulations and government guidance for the prevention of terrorism, terrorist financing and drug trafficking. (e) Each Credit Party and its respective directors, officers and employees and, to the knowledge of the applicable Credit Party, the agents of each Credit Party and their Subsidiaries, are in compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA and any other applicable anti-corruption law, including without limitation the UK Bribery Act, in all material respects. The Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries have instituted and maintained, and shall continue to maintain, policies and procedures designed to ensure continued compliance with the FCPA and any other applicable anti-corruption laws. 3.23 Reserved. 3.24 Reserved. 3.25 Landlord Agreements. Upon the request of Agent, each Grantor shall obtain a landlord or mortgagee waiver, as applicable, from the lessor of each leased property or mortgagee of any owned property with respect to each location where the Collateral and/or Books and Records are stored or located, which agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Agent. 3.26 Deposit Accounts; Cash Collateral Accounts . Borrower and each Guarantor shall maintain a cash management system which is reasonably acceptable to 
 22 

 Agent (the Cash Management System ), which shall operate as follows: (a) All Proceeds of Collateral held by Borrower or any other Credit Party (other than funds being collected pursuant to the provisions stated below) shall be deposited in one or more bank accounts or securities investment accounts, as set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.26) or other accounts in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent subject to the terms of this Agreement and the applicable Control Agreements. (b) Borrower shall establish and maintain, and shall cause each Guarantor to establish and maintain, at its sole expense deposit accounts and lockboxes, which, on the Closing Date, shall consist of the accounts and related lockboxes maintained by the financial institutions as described on Disclosure Schedule (3.26) hereto (in each case (other than any Excluded Account), Blocked Accounts ), or with such other banks as are acceptable to Agent into which Borrower and Guarantors shall promptly deposit and direct their respective Account Debtors to directly remit all payments on Accounts and all payments constituting Proceeds of Collateral in the identical form in which such payments are made, whether by cash, check or other manner and shall be identified and segregated from all other funds of the Credit Parties. Within thirty (30) days following the Closing Date, Borrower and Guarantors shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Agent a Control Agreement duly authorized, executed and delivered by each bank where a Blocked Account for the benefit of Borrower or any Guarantor is maintained. The accounts of the Credit Parties with PNC Bank, National Association with account numbers as previously identified to Agent in writing with account numbers ending 0459, 1566, 1988, 1937, 2016, 1881 and 8686 (the Excluded ZBA Disbursement Accounts ), are, and shall remain at all times during the term of the Loan Agreement, zero balance disbursement accounts that receive no deposits and have no funds therein except momentarily when a charge or payment request is presented to the account and funds in the exact amount required to satisfy such charge or payment request are transferred to the account in order to immediately satisfy the applicable charge or payment request. The aggregate amount on deposit in the Excluded Canadian Accounts and the Specified Canadian Account (x) as of the Second Amendment Effective Date does not exceed 275,000, and (y) shall not exceed 275,000 at all times during the term of the Loan Agreement from the Second Amendment Effective Date until and including January 31, 2023. The Credit Parties shall close the Excluded Canadian Accounts on or prior to February 1, 2023 (or such later date as agreed to by Agent in its sole discretion). The aggregate amount on deposit in the Specified Canadian Account shall not exceed 50,000 at all times during the term of the Loan Agreement from and after February 1, 2023, 2023. The Credit Parties shall close the Specified Canadian Account on or prior to June 30, 2023 (or such later date as agreed to by Agent in its sole discretion). (c) Term Loan Priority Collateral A ccount. Within thirty (30) days following the Closing Date, Borrower and Guarantors shall establish the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account, and deliver to the Agent an executed control agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Agent under which the Agent is the sole and exclusive controlling agent. Any Net Cash Proceeds of an Arbitration Recovery shall immediately upon receipt by a Credit Party be deposited in the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account and, unless applied as a Mandatory Prepayment in accordance with Section 1.2(h), remain on deposit in such Term Loan Priority Collateral Account, including (in respect of any prepayment that is declined by any of the Lenders under Section 1.2(i)) in the period (if any) from and after the time any of the Lenders decline a proposed prepayment of such Net Cash Proceeds subject, until an Activation Notice has been delivered to the applicable depository in respect of the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account, to the Borrower s right to use those Net Cash Proceeds in accordance with the Loan Documents. Credit Parties shall not deposit in the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account any monies or any other proceeds of Collateral that constitute Revolving Loan Priority Collateral (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement). Credit Parties shall not deposit Term Loan Priority Collateral (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement), or any proceeds thereof, in any account other than the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account. (d) Borrower shall further execute and deliver, and shall cause each Guarantor to execute and deliver, such agreements and documents as Agent may require in connection with such Blocked Accounts and such Control Agreements. Borrower and Guarantors shall not establish any deposit accounts after the Closing Date into which Proceeds of Collateral are deposited, unless Borrower or such Guarantor has complied in full with the provisions of this Section 3.26 with respect to such deposit accounts, other than Excluded Accounts. 
 23 

 Borrower and each Guarantor agrees that from and after the delivery of an Activation Notice (as such term is defined in Section 3.26(e) below) all payments made to such Blocked Accounts or other funds received and collected by Agent or any Lender, whether in respect of the Accounts or as Proceeds of Collateral shall be treated as payments to Agent and the Lenders in respect of the Obligations and therefore shall constitute the property of Agent and the Lenders to the extent of the then outstanding applicable Obligations. (e) The applicable bank at which any Blocked Accounts are maintained shall agree from and after the receipt of a notice (an Activation Notice from Agent (which Activation Notice may, or upon instruction of the applicable Required Lenders, shall, be given by Agent at any time during an Event of Default) pursuant to the applicable Control Agreement, to forward, daily, all amounts in each Blocked Account to the account designated by Agent from time to time as a collection account (the Collection Account ). (f) From and after the delivery of an Activation Notice, Agent shall apply all such funds in the Collection Account on a daily basis to the repayment of the applicable Obligations in accordance with Section 7.4 . Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, after payment in full has been made of the amounts required under Section 7.4 , upon the applicable Credit Party s request and as long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, any additional funds deposited in the Collection Account shall be released to such Credit Party. (g) Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, Borrower, Guarantors and their directors, employees, agents and other Affiliates shall promptly deposit or cause the same to be deposited, any monies, checks, notes, drafts or any other payment relating to and/or Proceeds of Collateral which come into their possession or under their control in the applicable Blocked Accounts, or remit the same or cause the same to be remitted, in kind, to Agent. Borrower agrees to reimburse Agent on demand for any amounts owed or paid to any bank at which a Blocked Account is established or any other bank or person involved in the transfer of funds to or from the Blocked Accounts arising out of Agent s payments to or indemnification of such bank or person. 3.27 Reserved. 3.28 After-acquired Property; Additional Collateral . Each Grantor shall: (a) Subject to this Section 3.28 , with respect to any property acquired after the Closing Date by any Credit Party that is intended to be subject to the Lien created by any of the Loan Documents but is not so subject, promptly (and in any event within thirty (30) days after the acquisition thereof or such longer period as Agent may agree in its sole discretion) (i) execute and deliver to the Agent such other documents as the Agent shall deem necessary or advisable to grant to the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, a Lien on such property subject to no Liens other than Permitted Liens, and (ii) take all actions necessary to cause such Lien to be duly perfected to the extent required hereunder in accordance with all applicable Requirements of Law, including the filing of financing statements in such jurisdictions as may be reasonably requested by the Agent. The Borrower shall otherwise take such actions and execute and/or deliver to the Agent such documents as the Agent shall require to confirm the validity, perfection and priority of the Lien hereunder on such after-acquired properties. (b) As soon as possible after the formation of any new Subsidiary (including any Foreign Subsidiary) of a Credit Party (and in any event within the earlier of (x) thirty (30) days (or such longer period as Agent may agree in its sole discretion) after formation or (y) the date on which such Subsidiary owns any material assets), or simultaneously with the consummation of acquisition of any new Subsidiary of a Credit Party, (i) deliver to the Agent the original certificates, if any, representing all of the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary, together with undated stock powers or other appropriate instruments of transfer executed and delivered in blank by a duly authorized officer of the holder(s) of such Equity Interests, and all intercompany notes owing from such Subsidiary to any Credit Party together with instruments of transfer executed and delivered in blank by a duly authorized officer of such Credit Party and (ii) cause such new Subsidiary (A) to execute a Joinder Agreement in the form of Exhibit H or such comparable documentation to become a Grantor and Guarantor under this Agreement, and (B) to take all actions necessary or advisable in the reasonable opinion of the Agent to cause the Lien created hereunder to be duly perfected to the extent required by such 
 24 

 agreement in accordance with all applicable Requirements of Law (including any applicable foreign laws), including the execution by Borrower or the applicable Credit Party of a Joinder Agreement in the form of Exhibit H or such comparable documentation to the applicable Pledge Agreement and the filing of financing statements (or foreign equivalents) in such jurisdictions as may be reasonably requested by the Agent and to the extent such new Subsidiary owns Collateral subject to motor vehicle registration requirements which is located in the United States or Canada and Agent has requested the following notation (provided that Agent shall not request such notation unless such Collateral has a fair market value in excess of 100,000 in the aggregate), the noting or (having noted) of the Agent s Lien on all certificates of title (to the extent issued) of such Collateral, which when aggregated with all such Collateral owned by a Credit Party, exceeds a fair market value of 100,000 in the aggregate (except where such notation is not permitted under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction); provided, however, no Captive Insurance Subsidiary shall be required to join this Agreement as a Credit Party or become jointly and severally liable for the Obligations if Holdings delivers evidence to Agent in form and substance acceptable to Agent that such Captive Insurance Subsidiary is prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law from incurring contingent liabilities arising under this Agreement or a Guaranty in its capacity as a guarantor. (c) Promptly grant to the Agent, within thirty (30) days of the acquisition thereof, a security interest in and Mortgage on each Material Real Property owned in fee by such Credit Party as is acquired by such Credit Party after the Closing Date as additional security for the Obligations (unless the subject property is already mortgaged to a third party to the extent permitted by Section 5.2 ). Such Mortgages shall be granted pursuant to documentation reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Agent and shall constitute valid and enforceable perfected Liens subject only to Permitted Liens or other Liens acceptable to the Agent. The Mortgages or instruments related thereto shall be duly recorded or filed in such manner and in such places as are required by applicable law to establish, perfect, preserve and protect the Liens in favor of the Agent required to be granted pursuant to the Mortgages and all taxes, fees and other charges payable in connection therewith shall be paid in full. Such Credit Party shall otherwise take such actions and execute and/or deliver to the Agent such documents as the Agent shall require to confirm the validity, perfection and priority of the Lien of any existing Mortgage or new Mortgage against such after-acquired Material Real Property (including a Title Policy, a survey and local counsel opinion (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent) in respect of such Mortgage). 3.29 Equity Interests and Subsidiaries . (a) Equity Interests . The Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date set forth a list of (i) all the Subsidiaries of Borrower and the other Credit Parties and their jurisdictions of organization as of the Closing Date and (ii) the number of each class of its Equity Interests authorized, and the number outstanding, on the Closing Date and the number of shares covered by all outstanding options, warrants, rights of conversion or purchase and similar rights at the Closing Date. All Equity Interests of each Credit Party are duly and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable, and, other than the Equity Interests of Holdings, are owned by Holdings, directly or indirectly through Wholly Owned Subsidiaries. Each Credit Party is the record and beneficial owner of, and has good and marketable title to, the Equity Interests pledged by it hereunder, free of any and all Liens, rights or claims of other persons, except the security interest created by the Loan Documents, the Revolving Loan Documents and, in respect of any Canadian Credit Party, Liens for Priority Payables, and there are no outstanding warrants, options or other rights to purchase, or shareholder, voting trust or similar agreements outstanding with respect to, or property that is convertible into, or that requires the issuance or sale of, any such Equity Interests. (b) No Consent of Third Parties Required . Other than the approval of the Board of Directors of the issuer of the Equity Interests, no consent of any Person including any other general or limited partner, any other member of a limited liability company, any other shareholder or any other trust beneficiary is necessary or reasonably desirable (from the perspective of a secured party) in connection with the creation, perfection or priority status of the security interest of the Agent in any Equity Interests pledged to the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders hereunder or the exercise by the Agent of the voting or other rights provided for hereunder or the exercise of remedies in respect thereof. (c) Organizational Chart. The Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date or any supplement thereto 
 25 

 (whichever was most recently delivered to Agent) sets forth an accurate organizational chart, showing the Subsidiaries and joint ventures in which Holdings holds a direct or indirect interest along with any other Person in which Holdings, such Subsidiaries or joint ventures holds, directly or indirectly, any Equity Interests. 3.30 Security Documents . (a) Mortgages . Each Mortgage will upon execution and delivery thereof be effective to create, in favor of the Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, legal, valid and enforceable first priority Liens on, and security interests in, all of the Credit Parties right, title and interest in and to the mortgaged properties thereunder and the proceeds thereof, subject only to Permitted Liens or other Liens acceptable to the Agent, and when such Mortgages are filed in the offices specified in the Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of any Mortgage executed and delivered after the date thereof in accordance with the provisions of Sections 3.20 and 3.28 , when such Mortgage is filed in the offices specified in the local counsel opinion delivered with respect thereto in accordance with the provisions of Sections 3.20 and 3.28 ), such Mortgages shall constitute fully perfected Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the Credit Parties in the mortgaged properties thereunder and the proceeds thereof, in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person, other than Liens permitted by such Mortgage. (b) Valid Liens . Each Loan Document purporting to include a grant of a security interest or Lien by a Credit Party in favor of Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, including any such document delivered pursuant to Sections 3.20 and 3.28 will, upon execution and delivery thereof, be effective to create in favor of the Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, legal, valid and enforceable Liens on, and security interests in, all of the Credit Parties right, title and interest in and to the Collateral thereunder, and (i) when all appropriate filings or recordings are made in the appropriate offices as may be required under applicable law and (ii) upon the taking of possession or control by the Agent of such Collateral with respect to which a security interest may be perfected only by possession or control (which possession or control shall be given to the Agent to the extent required hereunder), such Liens will constitute fully perfected Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the Credit Parties in such Collateral, in each case subject to no Liens other than the applicable Permitted Liens. 3.31 Borrowing Base-Related Reports . Borrower shall deliver or cause to be delivered (at the expense of Borrower) to the Agent the following: (a) All reports required to be delivered to the Revolving Agent, in accordance with the terms of the Revolving Loan Agreement, including, without limitation, the Borrowing Base Certificate, contemporaneously with the delivery of any such report to the Revolving Agent; and (b) such other reports, statements and reconciliations with respect to the Formula Amount or Collateral of any or all Credit Parties as the Agent shall from time to time request in its reasonable credit judgment. The delivery of each certificate, report or any other information delivered pursuant to this Section 3.31 shall constitute a representation and warranty by Borrower that the statements and information contained therein are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the respective dates of such certificates, reports or other information. 3.32 Government Contracts . Except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.32) , as of the Closing Date, no Credit Party is a party to any contract or agreement with any Governmental Authority and no Credit Party s Collateral is subject to the Federal Assignment of Claims Act (31 U.S.C. Section 3727) or any similar state or local law. 3.33 Customer and Trade Relations . As of the Closing Date, there exists no actual or, to the knowledge of any Credit Party, threatened termination or cancellation of, or any material adverse modification or change in (a) the business relationship of any Credit Party with any customer or group of customers whose purchases during the preceding twelve (12) calendar months caused them to be ranked among the ten (10) largest customers of such Credit Party or (b) the business relationship of any Credit Party with any supplier essential to its operations. 
 26 

 3.34 Bonding; Licenses . Except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.34) , as of the Closing Date, no Credit Party is a party to or bound by any surety bond agreement, indemnification agreement therefor or bonding requirement with respect to products or services sold by it. 3.35 Affiliate Transactions . No Credit Party is party to any transaction with any Affiliate of the Borrower or of any Subsidiary of the Borrower, except those permitted by Section 5.7 hereof and those set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.35). 3.36 Post-Closing Matters . The Credit Parties shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Agent, or take, or cause to be taken, the documents, deliverables, actions or efforts set forth below, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, as promptly as practicable following the Closing Date, but in any event no later than the dates referred to below with respect to each such item (or, in each case, such later date as Agent shall agree in its sole discretion): (a) As soon as practicable On and after the Closing Date as permitted in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law, but in any event no later than 180 days following the Closing Date (or such later date as the Agent may consent to in its sole discretion (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld)) , the Credit Parties shall furnish (i) continue to Agent evidence that use commercially reasonable efforts to complete the dissolution of Braden Holdings LLC Braden Holdings and Braden Manufacturing, S.A. de C.V. (Mexico) Braden Mexico , and together with Braden Holdings, collectively, the Braden Entities have been dissolved and their , (ii) prior to or concurrently with any dissolution of any of the Braden Entities, transfer any assets transferred of the Braden Entities to the Credit Parties , and (iii) within three (3) Business Days of dissolution of the Braden Entities provide evidence to Agent that Braden and Braden Mexico have been dissolved ; and (b) Within thirty (30) days following the Closing Date, with respect to any Blocked Account maintained by the Credit Parties, the Credit Parties shall deliver to Agent fully executed Control Agreements for each such Blocked Account; (c) Within thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, Agent shall have received the following insurance endorsements: (i) Lender Loss Payee Endorsement to the property policy ITD100065033720; (ii) Notice of Cancellation Endorsement to the property policy ITD100065033720; (iii) Additional Insured Endorsement to the liability policy 1000090435201; and (iv) Notice of Cancellation Endorsement to the liability policy 1000090435201; (d) Within ninety (90) days following the Closing Date, the Credit Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide to Agent a landlord waiver or similar collateral access agreement with respect to the following locations: (a) 100 Crescent Centre Parkway, Suite 1240, Tucker, Dekalb County, Georgia 30084; (b) 2775 Northwoods Pkwy , Norcross, GA 30071; (c) 591 Pickettville Road, Jacksonville, Duval County, FL 32220; (d) 2832 Center Street, Deer Park, Harris County, TX 77536; (e) 101 Industrial Park Blvd, Unit 2, Hitchcock, Galveston County, TX 77563; (f) 18-33 42nd Street, Astoria, Queens, County, New York 11105; (g) 2543 Ross Clark Circle, Suite #2 Dothan, Houston County, AL 3630; (h) 281 Goderich Street, Unit 3, Port Elgin, Bruce County, ON N0H2C1; and (i) 625 Goderich Street, Units 1 and 5, Port Elgin, Bruce County, ON N0H2C1; (e) Within ninety (90) days following the Closing Date, the Credit Parties shall deliver to the Agent a filed UCC termination statement evidencing the termination of the UCC financing statement that evidenced the WSS New York tax Lien. 3.37 Investment Company Act. No Credit Party is an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company, as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 3.38 Notice of Change in Investment Company Status . 
 27 

 The Borrower shall provide Agent with prompt written notice of any change with respect to its representation in Section 3.37 above, but in no event later than fifteen (15) days following any such change. 3.39 Braden Entities . The Braden Entities do not hold any material assets and do not engage in material business activities. Each Credit Party agrees that it shall not transfer, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and controlled Affiliates not to transfer, any assets to any Braden Entity other than such amount of cash (which in no event shall exceed 25,000 after the Second Amendment Effective Date without the prior written consent of Agent) to pay taxes, penalties and legal fees and expenses as is necessary or required to complete the dissolution of Braden Mexico . Braden Holdings is a holding company and does not engage in any operations or business, other than (a) the ownership of 99.998 of the outstanding Equity Interests in Braden Mexico, (b) maintaining its corporate existence pending its dissolution pursuant to Section 3.36, and (c) liabilities, assets, operations and business incidental to the foregoing. 3.40 Capital Provision Agreement . The Borrower has prior to the Closing Date delivered to the Agent a true, correct and complete copy of the Capital Provision Agreement, including all amendments, modifications and/or supplements thereto, as of the date of delivery to Agent. The Capital Provision Agreement remains in full force and effect on the Closing Date and there have been no amendments, modifications and/or supplements thereto since the date delivered to the Agent. 4. FINANCIAL MATTERS; REPORTS 4.1 Reports and Notices . The Credit Parties shall furnish to the Agent and each Lender: (a) Monthly Reports . Within thirty (30) days after the last day of each Fiscal Month of the Credit Parties, the balance sheets of the Credit Parties on a consolidated and consolidating basis as at the end of such Fiscal Month and as of the end of the preceding Fiscal Year, and the related statements of operations, the related statements of profits and losses and related statements of cash flows of the Credit Parties on a consolidated basis for such Fiscal Month and for the elapsed portion of the Fiscal Year ended with the last day of such Fiscal Month, which shall set forth in comparative form such figures as at the end of and for such Fiscal Month and appropriate prior period and shall be certified by the Chief Financial Officer of the Borrower to have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and to present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the Credit Parties on a consolidated basis as at the end of such period and the results of operations for such period, and for the elapsed portion of the Fiscal Year ended with the last day of such period, subject only to normal year-end and audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; (b) Quarterly Reports . Within forty-five (45) days after the last day of each of the Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year of the Credit Parties, the balance sheets of the Credit Parties on a consolidated and consolidating basis as at the end of such Fiscal Quarters and as of the end of the preceding Fiscal Year, and the related statements of operations, the related statements of profits and losses and the related statements of cash flows of the Credit Parties on a consolidated basis for such Fiscal Quarters and for the elapsed portion of the Fiscal Year ended with the last day of such Fiscal Quarters, which shall set forth in comparative form such figures as at the end of and for such Fiscal Quarters and appropriate prior period and shall be certified by the Chief Financial Officer of the Borrower to have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and to present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the Credit Parties on a consolidated basis as at the end of such period and the results of operations for such period, and for the elapsed portion of the Fiscal Year ended with the last day of such period, subject only to normal year-end and audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; (c) Annual Reports . Within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Credit Parties, the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Credit Parties as of the end of such Fiscal Year and the related audited consolidated statements of operations for such Fiscal Year and for the previous Fiscal Year, the related audited consolidated statements of profits and losses and the related audited consolidated statements of cash flows and stockholders equity for such Fiscal Year and for the previous Fiscal Year, which shall be accompanied by an opinion, without a going concern or similar qualification or an exception as to scope, prepared by an independent certified public accountant of recognized national standing 
 28 

 reasonably acceptable to Agent (Moss Adams LLP shall be acceptable), together with a statement of such accountants that in connection with their audit, nothing came to their attention that caused them to believe that the Borrower or any other Credit Party was not in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 4.2 below insofar as they relate to accounting matters; (d) Financial Officer s Certificate . At the time the financial statements are furnished pursuant to Sections 4.1(a) , 4.1(b) and 4.1(c) , a Compliance Certificate in the form attached as Exhibit E executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as to the financial performance of the Credit Parties; provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that, except as otherwise expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, a certification regarding the Credit Parties compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 4.2 shall only be required to be included with the Compliance Certificates delivered for the applicable dates under such Section 4.2 in connection with the quarterly financial statements under Section 4.1(b) and the annual financial statements under Section 4.1(c) and not the monthly financial statements delivered under Section 4.1(a) ; (e) Intentionally Omitted; (f) Intentionally Omitted; (g) Responsible Officer s Certificate Regarding Collateral . Concurrently with any delivery of Financial Statements under Section 4.1(a) , a certificate of a Responsible Officer setting forth the information in the Perfection Certificate as of the date of such Financial Statements or confirming that there has been no change in such information since the date of the Perfection Certificate or the latest supplement thereto, as applicable; (h) Public Reports . Promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by any Credit Party with any provincial securities commission or the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of said commissions, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed to shareholders or holders of its Indebtedness in excess of the Threshold Amount pursuant to the terms of the documentation governing such Indebtedness (or any trustee, agent or other representative therefor), as the case may be; (i) Management Letters . Promptly after the receipt thereof by any Credit Party, a copy of any management letter received by any such Person from its independent chartered accountants and the management s responses thereto; (j) Budgets . Promptly (and in any event within 3 Business Days) after approval by the Board of Directors of the Borrower (but no later than forty-five (45) days after the beginning of each Fiscal Year), a consolidated budget for Borrower in form reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, but to include balance sheets, statements of income, sources and uses of cash, a budget of projected Capital Expenditures, and projected Borrowing Availability on a consolidated basis, for (i) each month of such Fiscal Year prepared in detail and (ii) each Fiscal Year thereafter, through and including the Fiscal Year in which the Termination Date occurs, prepared in summary form, in each case, with appropriate presentation and discussion of the principal assumptions upon which such budgets are based, accompanied by the statement of a Financial Officer of Borrower to the effect that each budget has been prepared in good faith and based on assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable and, promptly when available, any significant revisions of such budget; (k) Organization . Concurrently with any delivery of Financial Statements under Section 4.1(a) , an accurate organizational chart as required by Section 3.29(c) , or confirmation that there are no changes to the Credit Parties organizational structure set forth in the Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date or any supplement thereto (whichever was most recently delivered to Agent); (l) Organizational Documents . Promptly provide copies of any Organizational Documents that have been amended or modified in accordance with the terms hereof and deliver a copy of any notice of default given or received by any Credit Party under any Organizational Document within fifteen (15) days after such Credit Party gives or receives such notice; 
 29 

 (m) Appraisals . At any time after the occurrence of a Default, promptly upon the request of the Agent, an appraisal report performed at the expense of Borrower by a nationally recognized appraiser satisfactory to Agent, setting forth in reasonable detail the orderly liquidation value of the Collateral; and (n) Other Information . Promptly, from time to time, such other reports and information regarding the Collateral, operations, business affairs, financial condition, prospects or management of any Credit Party, or compliance with the terms of any Loan Document, as the Agent or any Lender may reasonably request, all in reasonable detail. Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 3.31 , 4.1(a) , (b) , (c) , (d) or (g) , may be delivered electronically to the Agent and Lenders and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date the Borrower delivers such documents to the Agent and Lenders by electronic mail; provided, that upon written request, Borrower shall deliver paper copies to the Agent and Lenders until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Agent to the Borrower. 4.2 Financial Covenants . (a) Maximum Total Leverage Ratio . Beginning with the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31, 2021, the Credit Parties shall not permit the Total Leverage Ratio, as of the last day of any Fiscal Quarter ending during any period set forth below, to exceed the ratio set forth opposite such period in the table below: Test Period Ending Leverage Ratio March 31, 2021 June 30, 2021 4.00 to 1.00 September 30, 2021 March 31, 2022 3.75 to 1.00 June 30, 2022 4.50 to 1.00 September 30, 2022 6.50 to 1.00 December 31, 2022 March 31, 2023 5.00 to 1.00 June 30, 2023 4.50 to 1.00 September 30, 2023 4.00 to 1.00 December 31, 2023 3.50 to 1.00 March 31, 2024 June 30, 2024 3.25 to 1.00 As of the last day of each Fiscal Quarter thereafter 3.00 to 1.00 
 ; provided that for purposes of calculating the Total Leverage Ratio hereunder, the Consolidated EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2020 and September 30, 2020 shall be deemed to be 4,988,638 and 4,053,202, respectively. 
 30 

 (b) Limitation on Capital Expenditures . The Credit Parties shall not make or commit to make, and shall not cause or permit their Subsidiaries to make or commit to make, Capital Expenditures (other than any Capital Expenditures financed by the incurrence of Indebtedness permitted under this Agreement) made in any Fiscal Year, to exceed 800,000; provided , however, that (x) if the aggregate amount of Capital Expenditures made in any Fiscal Year shall be less than the maximum amount of Capital Expenditures permitted under this Section 4.2(b) for such Fiscal Year (before giving effect to any carryover), then an amount of such shortfall not exceeding fifty percent (50 of such maximum amount may be added to the amount of Capital Expenditures permitted under this Section 4.2(b) for the immediately succeeding (but not any other) Fiscal Year and (y) in determining whether any amount is available for carryover, the amount expended in any Fiscal Year shall first be deemed to be from the amount allocated to such Fiscal Year (before giving effect to any carryover). (c) Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio . Beginning with the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31, 2021, as of the last day of each Fiscal Quarter, the Borrower shall not permit the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the trailing period of twelve (12) Fiscal Months then ended to be less than the applicable ratio set forth below opposite such period: Period Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio March 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 1.10 to 1.00 As of the last day of each Fiscal Quarter thereafter 1.25 to 1.00 
 ; provided that for purposes of calculating the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio hereunder, the Consolidated EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2020 and September 30, 2020 shall be deemed to be 4,988,638 and 4,053,202, respectively. 4.3 Other Reports and Information . The Grantors shall advise Agent in reasonable detail promptly after becoming aware of: (a) any Lien, other than Permitted Liens, attaching to or asserted against any material portion of the Collateral or any occurrence causing a material loss or decline in value of any Collateral and the estimated (or actual, if available) amount of such loss or decline; (b) any material change in the composition of the Collateral; and (c) the occurrence of any Default or other event that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 4.4 Revolving Loan Agreement Notices . (a) The Credit Parties shall provide to Agent (i) simultaneously with its delivery to the Revolving Agent, any material notices required to be delivered pursuant to the Revolving Loan Agreement, (ii) promptly, but no later than three (3) Business Days after receipt thereof, any notice from the Revolving Agent or any lender under the Revolving Loan Agreement that a default or event of default has occurred under the Revolving Loan Agreement and (iii) at least ten (10) Business Days prior notice of any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification under or with respect to the Revolving Loan Documents, and a fully executed copy thereof promptly after its execution. (b) To the extent that any Revolving Loan Document has been amended to change any existing financial covenants therein or any section or other provision thereof is amended to include any additional financial covenants or there has been any modification or addition of any event of default or modification of any condition to an event of default or addition or modification of any covenant in a manner adverse or more restrictive to any Credit Party in any Revolving Loan Document, the Credit Parties shall, at the request of Agent, execute and deliver to Agent such amendments, modifications or related documents as Agent may reasonably request to incorporate such amendments into the Loan Documents (subject to the limitations set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement). 4.5 Reserved . 
 31 

 5. NEGATIVE COVENANTS Borrower and each Credit Party executing this Agreement covenants and agrees (for itself and each other Credit Party) that, without Agent s prior written consent, from the Closing Date until the Termination Date, neither Borrower nor any other Credit Party shall, directly or indirectly: 5.1 Indebtedness . Create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except: (a) the Obligations, (b) Indebtedness existing as of the Closing Date set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.18) , (c) by endorsement of instruments or items of payment for deposit to the general account of such Credit Party, (d) for Guaranteed Indebtedness incurred for the benefit of any Credit Party if the primary obligation is permitted by this Agreement, (e) reserved, (f) Indebtedness outstanding under the Revolving Loan Agreement in an aggregate amount not exceeding the Maximum Priority Revolving Loan Debt, (g) the Permitted Koontz-Wagner Pension Plan Obligations, (h) Indebtedness with respect to (i) Capital Lease Obligations existing as the Closing Date set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.18) and (ii) additional Capital Lease Obligations and Purchase Money Obligations in an aggregate amount outstanding at any time not to exceed 250,000; provided, that any such Capital Lease Obligations and Purchase Money Obligations under this clause (h) shall be secured only by the asset subject to such additional Capital Lease Obligation or the acquired asset in connection with the incurrence of such Capital Lease Obligation or Purchase Money Obligation, as the case may be, any insurance thereon and proceeds thereof, (i) Indebtedness in respect of Hedging Obligations, provided, that , such Hedging Obligations are (or were) entered into by a Credit Party in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating risks associated with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets, or property held or reasonably anticipated by such Credit Party, or changes in the value of securities issued by such Credit Party, and not for purposes of speculation or taking a market view , (j) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees and banker s acceptances in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business, and reimbursement of obligations in respect of any of the foregoing, in all cases to the extent permitted under the Revolving Loan Documents, (k) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business under surety bonds, performance bonds, completion guarantees, appeal bonds, bid bonds and similar obligations and reimbursement and indemnification obligations in respect of any of the foregoing, (l) Indebtedness in respect of workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement-type obligations regarding workers compensation claims, (m) unsecured Indebtedness (other than for borrowed money) that may be deemed to exist pursuant to any bona fide warranty or contractual service obligations or performance in the ordinary course of business, (n) Indebtedness of any Credit Party (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) owing to any other Credit Party (other than Inactive Subsidiaries); provided that in each case, all such Indebtedness shall be (i) evidenced by promissory notes and all such notes shall be subject to a first priority Lien pursuant to this Agreement and (ii) unsecured and subordinated in right of payment in full of the Obligations pursuant to the terms of the applicable promissory notes or an intercompany subordination agreement with terms reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, (o) the Existing Letters of Credit, and (p) any other unsecured Indebtedness incurred after the Closing Date in an aggregate outstanding amount for all such Credit Parties combined not exceeding 500,000. 5.2 Liens. Incur, maintain or otherwise suffer to exist any Lien upon or with respect to any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or assign any right to receive income or profits, except for Permitted Liens. 5.3 Investments; Fundamental Changes . Except as provided in Section 5.7 below, merge or amalgamate with, consolidate with, acquire all or a material portion of the assets or Stock of, or otherwise combine with or make any investment in or make any loan or advance to, any Person; except that (a) any Credit Party (other than any Inactive Subsidiary) may form or acquire any direct or indirect Subsidiary (except for Captive Insurance Subsidiaries, which are governed by Section 5.21 below) after the Closing Date so long as soon as possible (and in any event upon the earlier of (i) thirty (30) days after formation (or such longer period as Agent may agree in its sole discretion) or (ii) the date on which such Subsidiary owns any material assets) after the formation of any new Subsidiary of a Credit Party or simultaneously with the consummation of acquisition of any new Subsidiary of a Credit Party, such Subsidiary becomes a co-Borrower or Guarantor hereunder, as applicable, and grants to Agent a Lien in all of its rights, title and interests in, to and under its Collateral to secure the Obligations for the benefit of the Lenders, all pursuant to written documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent in accordance with Sections 1.12 and 3.28 ; provided, however, no Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary shall be required to join this Agreement as a Credit Party or become jointly and severally liable 
 32 

 for the Obligations if Holdings delivers evidence to Agent in form and substance acceptable to Agent that such Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary is prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law from incurring contingent liabilities arising under this Agreement or a Guaranty in its capacity as a guarantor; provided , further , that no Credit Party shall transfer any assets or property to a new Subsidiary until all requirements of Sections 1.12 and 3.28 have been met for such new Subsidiary; (b) a U.S. Credit Party may merge, consolidate or reorganize with another U.S. Credit Party or acquire the assets or Equity Interest of another U.S. Credit Party so long as, in connection with any merger, consolidation or reorganization to which a Borrower is a party, such Borrower is the surviving entity of such merger, consolidation or reorganization; (c) a Canadian Credit Party may merge, amalgamate, consolidate or reorganize with another Canadian Credit Party or acquire the assets or Equity Interest of another Canadian Credit Party so long as such Canadian Credit Party shall provide Agent with ten (10) days prior written notice of such merger, amalgamation, consolidation or reorganization; (d) any Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party may merge, amalgamate or consolidate with or into any other Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party, (e) any Subsidiary may dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to another Subsidiary; provided that if the transferor in such a transaction is a Credit Party, then the transferee must be a Credit Party, (f) any Credit Party (other than any Inactive Subsidiary) may make Permitted Acquisitions; (g) any Credit Party (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) may make investments in Permitted Joint Ventures existing on the Closing Date, all of which such Permitted Joint Ventures are identified on Schedule 5.3 hereto, and any additional Permitted Joint Ventures formed after the Closing Date so long as not more than seven (7) Permitted Joint Ventures are in existence at any time, provided the aggregate amount of all cash and non-cash investments in Permitted Joint Ventures shall not exceed 1,000,000 in the aggregate outstanding at any one time, and provided further that no new investments in such Permitted Joint Ventures shall be made if any Default or Event of Default then exists; (h) investments in cash and Cash Equivalents; (i) intercompany loans to the extent permitted under Section 5.1 ; (j) investments made after the Closing Date in any Credit Party; (k) promissory notes and other non-cash consideration received in connection with any disposition of assets permitted by Section 5 .4; (l) investments in the form of advances made to subcontractors in the ordinary course of business consistent with historical practice; (m) investments received in settlement of amounts due to any Credit Party effected in the ordinary course of business as a result of insolvency proceedings involving an account debtor or upon the foreclosure or enforcement of any Lien in favor of a Credit Party, (n) Stock or other securities acquired in connection with the satisfaction or enforcement of Indebtedness claims due and owing to a Credit Party (in bankruptcy of customers or suppliers or otherwise outside the ordinary course of business) or as security for any such Indebtedness, (o) to the extent no Default or Event of Default has occurred or would result therefrom, initial capital contribution(s) to any Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary in an aggregate amount all such Permitted Captive Insurance Companies not to exceed 250,000 and (p) investments not otherwise permitted pursuant to this Section 5.3 in an aggregate amount not to exceed 500,000 at any time outstanding; provided that immediately before and after giving effect to such investments, no Default or Event to Default shall have occurred or be continuing. 5.4 Asset Sales . Sell, transfer, convey, assign, issue or otherwise dispose any of its assets or properties (including its accounts or any shares of its Stock) or engage in any sale-leaseback, synthetic lease or similar transaction, including without limitation the Collateral or Loan proceeds; provided , however , that (i) any Grantor may transfer any of its Collateral to any other Grantor provided such Collateral remains subject to the Liens of Agent under this Agreement to secure the Obligations, (ii) any Grantor may sell inventory to its customers in the ordinary course of business, (iii) any Grantor may sell for fair market value assets or properties so long as the following conditions are met: (1) the aggregate fair market value, of all such asset sales do not exceed 200,000 in any Fiscal Year, (2) immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect to such Asset Sale, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, (3) if required, the Borrower has applied any Net Cash Proceeds arising therefrom pursuant to Section 1.2(c) and (4) the consideration received for such sale, transfer, lease, contribution or conveyance is received in cash; (iv) Holdings and Braden shall wind-up the affairs of and dissolve Braden Mexico as required by Section 3.36 and transfer any remaining assets to the Credit Parties, (v) Holdings shall wind-up the affairs of and dissolve Braden as required by Section 3.36 and transfer any remaining assets to the Credit Parties, (vi) Holdings may wind-up the affairs of and dissolve any Inactive Subsidiary, provided that any assets of such Person shall be transferred to a Credit Party that continues to exist after the winding-up and/or dissolution of such Person, (vii) any Credit Party may use proceeds of the Loans for purposes permitted under this Agreement, (viii) any Grantor may dispose of obsolete, worn out or surplus property, whether new owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business and property no longer used or useful in the conduct of such Grantor, (ix) any Grantor may dispose of immaterial assets in the ordinary course of business (including allowing any registrations or any applications for 
 33 

 registration of any immaterial Intellectual Property to lapse or be abandoned in the ordinary course of business), (x) any Grantor may dispose of any property to the extent that (A) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property that is promptly purchased or (B) the proceeds of such disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of replacement property (which replacement property is promptly purchased), (xi) any Grantor may dispose of any property to the extent expressly permitted by Section 5.3 , 5.5 , 5.7 or 5.19 and the granting of Liens expressly permitted by Section 5.2 , (xii) any Grantor may dispose of cash and Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of business, (xiii) any Grantor may unwind any Hedging Agreement in accordance with its terms to the extent such Hedging Agreement is (or was) entered into by a Credit Party in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating risks associated with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets, or property held or reasonably anticipated by such Credit Party, or changes in the value of securities issued by such Credit Party, and not for purposes of speculation or taking a market view , and (xiii) any Grantor may dispose of any property in connection with a Casualty Event, provided that the Net Cash Proceeds thereof shall be applied in accordance with the requirements of Section 1.2(c). 5.5 Restricted Payments . Make or permit any Restricted Payment other than (i) to the extent constituting Restricted Payments, the Credit Parties may enter into and consummate transactions expressly permitted by any provision of Section 5.3 or 5 .7, (ii) Subsidiaries may make Restricted Payments to any Credit Party (other than to Inactive Subsidiaries); (iii) Holdings or any Subsidiary thereof may pay dividends on shares of its own Stock to the extent such dividends are (1) payable solely in the form of Qualified Capital Stock of such Person, and (2) paid on a pro rata basis among all holders of Equity Interests of Holdings or such Subsidiary. 5.6 Changes in Nature of Business. Engage in any business other than (a) that presently engaged in by Credit Parties, (b) except to the extent such change in business could reasonably be expected to adversely affect repayment of the Obligations or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (c) any business reasonably related or ancillary thereto. 5.7 Transactions with Affiliates . Enter into any lending, borrowing or other commercial transaction with any of its employees, directors, Affiliates or any other Credit Party (including upstreaming and downstreaming of cash and intercompany advances and payments by a Credit Party on behalf of another Credit Party) other than (i) loans or advances to employees of a Credit Party (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) in the ordinary course of business in an aggregate outstanding amount not exceeding 50,000, (ii) transactions that are on fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to such Credit Party or such Subsidiary than obtainable in an arm s length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate, (iii) any investment in a Permitted Joint Venture to the extent expressly permitted by Section 5.3 , (iv) the repurchase or redemption of Stock or other Equity Interest of Holdings or its Subsidiaries held by officers, directors or employees or former officers, directors or employees (or their transferees, estates, or beneficiaries under their estates) of Holdings or its Subsidiaries, upon their death, disability, retirement, severance or termination of employment or service in an aggregate amount, to the extent not financed by the proceeds of life insurance, not to exceed 250,000 during any Fiscal Year, provided , that , (A) no Event of Default shall exist or would result after giving effect to any such Restricted Payment, and (B) after giving pro forma effect to any such Restricted Payment, the Credit Parties shall be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 4.2 as of the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements have been (or were required to have been) delivered pursuant to Section 4.1 , (v) transactions by and among Credit Parties (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) to the extent expressly permitted under Section 5.1 or 5.3, (vi) agreements incurred in the ordinary course of business by and among Credit Parties to provide shared management services, (vii) customary compensation and indemnification of, and other customary employment arrangements (including equity incentive plans, employee benefit plans and arrangements, issuance of Equity Interests, payment of bonuses and stock option plans and payments with respect thereto) with directors, officers and employees of Holdings or any Credit Party in the ordinary course of business, (viii) Restricted Payments permitted under Section 5.5 , (ix) other transactions with any Permitted Joint Venture in the ordinary course of business on terms as favorable as would be obtained by any Credit Party in a comparable arm s-length transaction with an independent, unrelated third party, (x) the provision of goods or engineering, design, procurement, project management, quality management or other services by any Credit Party or Subsidiary to any Credit Party or any other Subsidiary pursuant to purchase orders issued in the ordinary course of business in connection with third party contracts to the extent the terms of such transactions are on fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to such Credit Party or such Subsidiary than obtainable in an arm s length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate, and (xi) the provision of insurance 
 34 

 by a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary to a Credit Party in the ordinary course of business. 5.8 Third-Party Restrictions on Indebtedness, Liens, Investments or Restricted Payments . Incur or otherwise suffer to exist or become effective or remain liable on or responsible for any Contractual Obligation limiting or restricting the ability of (a) any Credit Party to make Restricted Payments to, or investments in, or repay Indebtedness of, or otherwise sell property to, any Credit Party or (b) any Credit Party to incur or suffer to exist any Lien upon any property of any Credit Party, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, securing any of its Obligations (including any such limitation or restriction in the form of any equal and ratable clause and any similar Contractual Obligation requiring, when a Lien is granted on any property, another Lien to be granted on such property or any other property), except, for each of clauses (a) and (b) above, (w) pursuant to customary provisions restricting pledges, assignments, subletting or other transfers contained in leases, licenses and similar agreements entered in the ordinary course of business that are not prohibited by this Agreement (provided that such restrictions are limited to the property or assets subject to such leases, licenses, or agreements), (x) pursuant to the Loan Documents, (y) pursuant to the Revolving Loan Documents and (z) limitations on Liens (other than those securing any Obligation) on any property whose acquisition, repair, improvement or construction is financed by Capital Lease Obligations or Purchase Money Indebtedness in reliance upon Section 5.1(b) or (z) set forth in the Contractual Obligations governing such Indebtedness with respect thereto. 5.9 Modification of Certain Documents . Amend, waive, or otherwise modify its charter or by-laws or other Organizational Documents in a manner adverse to the interest of the Agent or Lenders. 5.10 Accounting Changes; Fiscal Year . Change its (a) accounting treatment or reporting practices, except as required by GAAP or any Requirement of Law applicable to such Credit Party or (b) its Fiscal Year or its method for determining Fiscal Quarters. 5.11 Changes to Name, Locations, Etc. (a) Change (i) its name, Chief Executive Office, registered office, corporate offices from those set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.2) , (ii) its warehouses or other Collateral locations, or location of its records concerning the Collateral from those locations set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.2) , (iii) the type of legal entity that it is, (iv) its organization identification number, if any, issued by its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization or (v) its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization from that set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.2) or (b) acquire, lease or use any real estate after the Closing Date without such Person, in each instance, giving thirty (30) days prior written notice thereof to Agent and taking all actions deemed necessary or appropriate by Agent to continuously protect and perfect Agent s Liens upon the Collateral. 5.12 Bank Accounts. (a) Establish any depository or other bank account of any kind with any financial institution (other than the accounts set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.26) and Excluded Accounts) in each case, without Agent s prior written consent (except that Agent s prior written consent shall not be required to establish any such accounts with the Revolving Agent), and then (except in the case of Excluded Accounts) only after such Credit Party has implemented Control Agreements with respect to any such accounts (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any accounts established with Revolving Agent, but excluding any Excluded Accounts) such bank or financial institution and Agent reasonably acceptable to Agent or (b) close or permit to be closed any of the accounts listed on Disclosure Schedule (3.26) (other than Excluded Accounts), in each case without Agent s prior written consent. 5.13 Margin Regulations . Use all or any portion of the proceeds of any credit extended hereunder to purchase or carry Margin Stock in contravention of Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board. 5.14 Compliance with ERISA and Canadian Pension Plans . No ERISA Affiliate shall cause or suffer to exist (a) any event that could reasonably be expected to result in the imposition of a Lien with respect to any Title IV Plan or Multiemployer Plan or (b) any other ERISA Event, that would, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount. No Credit Party shall cause or suffer to exist any event that could reasonably be expected to result in the imposition of a Lien with respect to any Plan. No Credit Party nor any Subsidiary thereof shall cause or suffer to exist any event that could 
 35 

 reasonably be expected to result in the wind-up of a Canadian Pension Plan that would result in a solvency deficiency in excess of the Threshold Amount. No Credit Party nor any Subsidiary thereof may (i) contribute to or assume an obligation to contribute to any Canadian Pension Plan that contains a defined benefit provision, as defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada), or (ii) acquire an interest in any Person if such Person sponsors, administers, maintains or contributes to or has any liability in respect of any Canadian Pension Plan that contains a defined benefit provision, as defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada), in either case without the prior written consent of the Agent. 5.15 Hazardous Materials . Cause or suffer to exist any Release of any Hazardous Material at, to or from any Real Property owned, leased, subleased or otherwise operated or occupied by any Credit Party that would violate any Environmental Law, form the basis for any Environmental Liabilities or otherwise adversely affect the value or marketability of any real property (whether or not owned by any Credit Party), other than such violations, Environmental Liabilities and effects that could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.16 Modifications to Revolving Loan Documents and Subordinated Debt. (a) Without the prior written consent of the Agent unless expressly permitted pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, permit any changes, amendments or modifications to the Revolving Loan Documents that (i) would be adverse to the Agent or the Lenders, (ii) would result in a material increase in any facility fee or other fee applicable to Indebtedness under the Revolving Loan Agreement, provided that such prohibition shall not apply to customary amendment fees paid in consideration for a modification or amendment of the Revolving Loan Agreement, (iii) modify the prepayment provisions of the Revolving Loan Agreement, or (iv) would modify Section 7.18 of the Revolving Loan Agreement. (b) Without the prior written consent of the Agent in its sole discretion, permit any changes, amendments or modifications to the Capital Provision Documents that would be adverse to the Agent or the Lenders (it being understood and agreed that any amendment of any kind to the Capital Provision Agreement is hereby deemed to be adverse to the Agent and Lenders and shall require the prior written consent of the Agent). The Borrower shall notify Agent promptly after the termination, if any, of the Capital Provision Agreement and Borrower shall promptly terminate (and make filings evidencing the termination of), and/or use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Capital Providers to terminate (and make filings to evidence the termination of), any Liens that the Capital Providers may have had on the assets of the Borrower, including without limitation the termination of all UCC financing statements made by the Capital Providers in connection with the Capital Provision Agreement, to the extent that Holdings no longer has any obligations under the Capital Provision Agreement. 5.17 Inactive Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, allow any Inactive Subsidiary to (i) engage in any business activities or conduct any operations, other than maintaining its corporate existence pending its dissolution pursuant to Section 5.4 hereof, (ii) own any material assets, (iii) have any Subsidiaries or (iv) have or incur any liabilities (other than (A) those existing as of the Closing Date, and (B) any contingent liability arising under this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any of the Revolving Loan Documents), without first obtaining Agent s prior written consent. 5.18 Compliance with Anti-Terrorism Laws . (a) Directly or indirectly, in connection with the Loans, knowingly (i) conduct any business or engage in making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any Embargoed Person, (ii) deal in, or otherwise engage in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked pursuant to any Anti-Terrorism Law or (iii) engage in or conspire to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in any Anti-Terrorism Law. 
 36 

 (b) Directly or indirectly, in connection with the Loans, knowingly cause or permit any of the funds of such Credit Party that are used to repay the Loans to be derived from any unlawful activity with the result that the making of the Loans would be in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law. (c) Reserved. (d) Deliver to the Lenders any certification or other evidence requested from time to time by any Lender in its reasonable discretion, confirming the Credit Parties compliance with this Section 5 .18. 5.19 Sale-Leasebacks . Permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage in a sale leaseback, synthetic lease or similar transaction involving any of its assets. 5.20 Leases. Enter as lessee into any lease arrangement for real or personal property if after giving effect thereto, aggregate annual rental payments for all leased property of the Credit Parties in any Fiscal Year would exceed 1,335,000. 5.21 Captive Insurance Subsidiaries . Form any Captive Insurance Subsidiary unless such Person is approved by the Agent in writing in advance as a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary. If the Borrower desires to request that a Captive Insurance Subsidiary be approved as a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary, then the Borrower shall notify the Agent at least 30 Business Days (or such shorter period as Agent may agree in its sole discretion) in advance of the date on which such Person is requested to constitute a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary under this Agreement, shall provide the Agent with a summary of all material information regarding such proposed Captive Insurance Subsidiary and its proposed activities and any other detail reasonably requested by Agent in connection therewith. The Agent shall review the request and use commercially reasonable efforts to either approve or reject, on or prior to the date that is 30 Business Days after it has received the request from the Borrower, that the proposed Captive Insurance Subsidiary be deemed to constitute a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary under this Agreement; provided, that if the Agent has not made such a determination by the date that is 30 Business Days after receipt of the request from Borrower, then Agent is deemed to have rejected such request by Borrower. If Agent approves the request from Borrower to treat a Captive Insurance Subsidiary as a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary, then such Person shall be treated as a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary on the date, and pursuant to the other terms, set forth in a notice delivered by the Agent to the Borrower at such time. 5.22 Payments under the Revolving Loan Agreement . At any time, directly or indirectly, pay, prepay, repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire, or make any payment on account of any principal of, interest on or premium payable in connection with the repayment or Indebtedness under the Revolving Loan Documents, provided, however, that (a) the Credit Parties may make payments of interest on and principal of the Advances in accordance with the terms of the Revolving Loan Agreement, (b) the Credit Parties may make Mandatory Prepayments (as such term is defined in the Revolving Loan Agreement) of principal on the Advances in accordance with the terms of the Revolving Loan Agreement, and (c) the Credit Parties may make payments of fees, expenses, indemnities or other obligations when due and payable in accordance with the terms of the Revolving Loan Documents. 6. SECURITY INTEREST 6.1 Grant of Security Interest . (a) As collateral security for the prompt and complete payment and performance of the Obligations, each of Borrower and each other Credit Party (in each case, that is not a Canadian Credit Party) executing this Agreement, or from time to time party hereto, hereby grants to Agent for the benefit of the Lenders a security interest in and Lien upon all of its rights, title and interests in and to its property and assets, whether real or personal, tangible or intangible, and whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or in which it now has or at any time in the future may acquire any right, title, or interest, including all of the following property in which it now has or at any time in the future may acquire any right, title or interest: 
 37 

 (i) all Accounts; (ii) all deposit accounts; (iii) all other bank accounts and all funds on deposit therein; all money, cash and cash equivalents; (iv) all investment property; (v) all Stock and all Distributions in respect thereof; (vi) all goods (including, without limitation, inventory, equipment, and fixtures); (vii) all chattel paper, documents, documents of title and instruments; (viii) all Books and Records; (ix) all general intangibles (including, without limitation, all Intellectual Property, Intellectual Property applications, contract rights, choses in action, payment intangibles, licenses, Permits, and software, and all rights and interests under any key man life insurance policies); (x) all letter-of-credit rights; (xi) all commercial tort claims, including those listed on Disclosure Schedule (6.5); (xii) all property, including all property of every description, in custody or in transit for any purpose, including safekeeping, collection or pledge, for the account of Borrower or any Credit Party or to which Borrower or any Credit Party may have any right or power, including but not limited to cash; (xiii) all other goods (including but not limited to fixtures) and personal property, whether tangible or intangible and wherever located; (xiv) all supporting obligations and consents and agreements of any kind or nature that are material to the operation, management, maintenance and conduct of any Credit Party; (xv) all Material Real Property of every kind and nature, including leases; and (xvi) to the extent not otherwise included, all Proceeds, tort claims, insurance claims and other rights to payment not otherwise included in the foregoing and products of all and any of the foregoing and all accessions to, substitutions and replacements for, and rents and profits of, each of the foregoing (all of the foregoing, collectively, the Collateral ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the term Collateral shall not include any Excluded Assets; provided , that if and when any property shall cease to be Excluded Assets, such property shall automatically be deemed to constitute Collateral and a security interest in such property automatically shall be deemed granted therein. The Grantors shall from time to time, promptly after reasonable request by the Agent, give written notice to the Agent identifying in reasonable detail the Excluded Assets (and stating in such notice that such assets fulfill the criteria to constitute Excluded Assets under the definition thereof) and shall provide to the Agent such other information regarding the Excluded Assets as the Agent may reasonably request. (b) Borrower, Agent, each Lender and each other Grantor (in each case, other than Canadian Credit Parties) agrees that this Agreement creates, and is intended to create, valid and continuing Liens upon the Collateral in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders. Each Grantor that is not a Canadian Credit Party represents, warrants and covenants to Agent and each Lender that: (i) such Grantor has, and shall have, rights 
 38 

 in and the power to transfer each item of the Collateral upon which it purports to grant a Lien pursuant to this Agreement, free and clear of any and all Liens or claims of others, other than Permitted Liens; (ii) the security interests granted pursuant to this Agreement, upon completion of the filings and other actions listed on Disclosure Schedule (6.1) (which, in the case of all filings and other documents referred to in said Schedule, have been delivered to the Agent in duly executed form to the extent applicable) and the filing of UCC-1 financing statements with respect to the Collateral, will constitute valid perfected security interests in all of the Collateral in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders as security for the prompt and complete payment and performance of the Obligations, enforceable in accordance with the terms hereof against any and all creditors of and purchasers from any Grantor and such security interests are prior to all other Liens on the Collateral in existence on the date hereof except for (x) to the extent specified in the Intercreditor Agreement, the Liens on the Collateral in favor of Revolving Loan Agent, and (y) Permitted Liens that have priority by operation of law (including any Permitted Lien that is a Purchase Money Lien that satisfies the requirements under the Code and/or other applicable law to take priority over the previously perfected Lien on all assets of a debtor); and (iii) no effective security agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, financing statement, equivalent security or Lien instrument or continuation statement covering all or any part of the Collateral is or will be on file or of record in any public office, except those relating to Permitted Liens. Each Grantor promises to defend the right, title and interest of Agent in and to the Collateral against the claims and demands of all Persons. (c) Each Credit Party that is not a Canadian Credit Party confirms that value has been given by the Agent to each such Credit Party, that such Credit Party has rights in the Collateral (other than after-acquired property) and that such Credit Party and the Agent have not agreed to postpone the time for attachment of the security interests created by this Agreement to any of the Collateral. The security interests created by this Agreement are intended to attach to: (i) existing Collateral when each Credit Party executes this Agreement, and (ii) Collateral subsequently acquired by each Credit Party immediately upon each such Credit Party acquiring any rights in such Collateral. 6.2 Agent s Rights. Each Grantor, with respect to each property where any Collateral is located that is owned, leased or controlled by any Grantor, during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice (unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in which event no notice shall be required and Agent shall have access at any and all times): (i) provide access to such property to Agent and any of its officers, employees and agents, as frequently as Agent determines to be appropriate, (ii) permit Agent to inspect, review, evaluate and make physical verifications and appraisals of the Collateral in any manner and through any medium that Agent considers advisable, and each Grantor agrees to render to Agent, at such Grantor s cost and expense, such clerical and other assistance as may be reasonably requested with regard thereto, and (iii) permit Agent to inspect, audit and make extracts and copies (or take originals if reasonably necessary) from all of such Grantor s Books and Records; provided, that so long as no Event of Default is continuing, Borrower shall not be obligated to pay the expenses of more than three (3) such inspections or visits during each Fiscal Year of the Borrower. Each Lender may, with the consent of Agent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, accompany Agent on any such visit or inspection and such Grantor will be obligated to pay the expenses incurred by any such Lender to the extent required under Section 10.2. 6.3 Agent s Appointment as Attorney-in-fact . On the Closing Date, each Grantor shall execute and deliver a Power of Attorney in the form attached as Exhibit D . The power of attorney granted pursuant to the Power of Attorney and all powers granted under any Loan Document are powers coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable until the Termination Date. The powers conferred on Agent under each Power of Attorney are solely to protect Agent s interests in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty upon it to exercise any such powers. Agent agrees not to exercise any power or authority granted under the Power of Attorney unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Each Grantor also hereby (i) authorizes Agent to file any financing statements, financing change statement, continuation statements or amendments thereto that (x) cover the Collateral, and (y) contain any other information required by Part 5 of Article 9 of the Code and the comparable provisions of the PPSA for the sufficiency or filing office acceptance of any such financing statement, financing change statement, continuation statement or amendment and (ii) ratifies its authorization for Agent to have filed any such financing statements, if filed prior to the date hereof. Each Grantor acknowledges that, until the Obligations have been repaid in full, it is not authorized to file any financing statement or amendment or termination statement with respect to any such financing statement without the prior written consent of Agent and agrees that it 
 39 

 will not do so without the prior written consent of Agent, subject to such Grantor s rights under Section 9-509(d)(2) of the Code. 6.4 Grant of License to Use Intellectual Property Collateral . Solely for the purpose of enabling Agent to exercise rights and remedies under Section 7.2 hereof for the benefit of the Lenders (including, without limiting the terms of Section 7.2 hereof, in order to take possession of, hold, preserve, process, assemble, prepare for sale, market for sale, sell or otherwise dispose of Collateral) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, each Grantor hereby grants to Agent an irrevocable, non-exclusive license (exercisable upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default without payment of royalty or other compensation to such Grantor) to use, transfer, license or sublicense any Intellectual Property relating to any of the Collateral now owned, licensed to, or hereafter acquired by such Grantor, and wherever the same may be located, and including in such license access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all computer software and programs used for the compilation or printout thereof, and represents, promises and agrees that any such license or sublicense is not and will not be in conflict with the contractual or commercial rights of any third Person; provided , that such license will terminate on the Termination Date. 6.5 Commercial Tort Claims . As of the Closing Date, each Credit Party hereby represents and warrants that it holds no commercial tort claims other than those listed on Disclosure Schedule (6.5). If any Credit Party shall at any time hold or acquire a commercial tort claim, such Credit Party shall immediately notify Agent in writing signed by such Credit Party of the brief details thereof, supplement Disclosure Schedule (6.5) with such details and grant to Agent in such writing a security interest therein and in the Proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent. The requirement in the preceding sentence shall not apply to the extent that the amount of such commercial tort claim, together with the amount of all other commercial tort claims held by any Credit Party in which Agent does not have a security interest, does not exceed 100,000 individually or 200,000 in the aggregate for all Credit Parties. 6.6 Duties of Agent. Agent s sole duty with respect to the custody, safekeeping and physical preservation of the Collateral in its possession shall be to deal with it in the same manner as Agent deals with similar property for its own account. The powers conferred on Agent hereunder are solely to protect Agent s interest in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty upon Agent to exercise any such powers. Agent shall be accountable only for amounts that it receives as a result of the exercise of such powers, and neither it nor any of its Related Persons shall be responsible to any Grantor for any act or failure to act hereunder, except for their own gross negligence or willful misconduct as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. In addition, Agent shall not be liable or responsible for any loss or damage to any Collateral, or for any diminution in the value thereof, by reason of the act or omission of any warehousemen, carrier, forwarding agency, consignee or other bailee if such Person has been selected by Agent in good faith. 7. EVENTS OF DEFAULT: RIGHTS AND REMEDIES 7.1 Events of Default. The occurrence of any one or more of the following events (regardless of the reason therefor) shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder which shall be deemed to be continuing until waived in writing by Agent in accordance with Section 9.3 or cured in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement: (a) Any Credit Party shall fail to pay (i) the principal in respect of the Loan when due and payable or declared due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof, or (ii) interest in respect of the Loan or any other Obligations within three (3) days after any such other Obligation becomes due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof or any other Loan Document; or (b) any representation or warranty in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or in any written statement pursuant hereto or thereto, or in any written report, financial statement or certificate made or delivered to Agent by Borrower or any other Credit Party shall be untrue or incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made, regardless of whether such breach involves a representation or warranty with respect to a Credit Party that has not signed this Agreement; or 
 40 

 (c) Borrower or any other Credit Party shall fail or neglect to perform, keep or observe any of the covenants, agreements, requirements, or other terms or provisions to be performed, kept or observed by Borrower or such other Credit Party contained in (i) Section 3.1(a)(i)(A) (with respect to such Person s legal existence), Section 3.16 , Section 3.22 , Section 3.23 , Section 3.26(c) , Section 3.31 , Section 3.36 , Section 4.1(a) , (b) . (c), (d) or (j) , Section 4.2 , Section 4.3, each subsection of Section 5 , and each subsection of Section 6 of this Agreement, or the SBA Side Letter, or (ii) Section 3.21 or any other provision of Section 4.1 (other than referred to under the preceding clause (i)) and such failure or neglect shall continue unremedied for a period of three (3) Business Days; or (d) Borrower or any other Credit Party shall fail or neglect to perform, keep or observe any of the covenants, promises, agreements, requirements, or other terms or provisions to be performed, kept or observed by Borrower or such other Credit Party contained in Section 3.26 (other than Section 3.26(c)) or Section 3.28 of this Agreement, and such failure or neglect shall continue unremedied for a period of three (3) Business Days; or (e) Borrower or any other Credit Party shall fail or neglect to perform, keep or observe any of the covenants, promises, agreements, requirements, or other terms or provisions to be performed, kept or observed by Borrower or such other Credit Party contained in this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents (other than as specified in paragraphs (a) through (d) above), and such failure or neglect shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days after the earlier of (i) a Responsible Officer of a Credit Party having knowledge thereof, or (ii) written notice is delivered to the Borrower or such Credit Party by the Agent or any Lender; or (f) an event of default shall occur under any Contractual Obligation of the Borrower or any other Credit Party (other than this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Revolving Loan Documents), and such event of default (i) involves the failure to make any payment (whether or not such payment is blocked pursuant to the terms of an intercreditor agreement or otherwise), whether of principal, interest or otherwise, and whether due by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise and such failure continues after the applicable grace or notice period, if any, specified in the document relating thereto, in respect of any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations and the Indebtedness under the Revolving Loan Documents) of such Person in an aggregate original principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount, or (ii) causes (or permits any holder of such Indebtedness or a trustee to cause) such Indebtedness, or a portion thereof, in an aggregate original principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount become due prior to its stated maturity or prior to its regularly scheduled date of payment; or (g) there shall be commenced against the Borrower or any other Credit Party any Litigation seeking issuance of a warrant of attachment, execution, distraint or similar process against all or any substantial part of its assets that results in the entry of an order for any such relief that remains unstayed, undismissed or unbonded for sixty (60) consecutive days; or (h) a case or proceeding shall have been commenced involuntarily against Borrower or any other Credit Party in a court having competent jurisdiction seeking a decree or order: (i) under any Debtor Relief Law, and seeking either (x) the appointment of a custodian, receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, liquidator, assignee, trustee, monitor or sequestrator (or similar official) for such Person or of any substantial part of its properties, or (y) the reorganization or winding up or liquidation of the affairs of any such Person, and such case or proceeding shall remain undismissed, unstayed or unbonded for sixty (60) consecutive days or such court shall enter a decree or order granting the relief sought in such case or proceeding; or (ii) invalidating or denying any such Person s right, power, or competence to enter into or perform any of its obligations under any Loan Document or invalidating or denying the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any action taken hereunder or thereunder; or (i) Borrower or any other Credit Party shall (i) commence any case, proceeding or other action under any Debtor Relief Law, seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to it or seeking appointment of a custodian, receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, liquidator, assignee, trustee, monitor or sequestrator (or similar official) for it or any substantial part of its properties, (ii) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iii) consent to or take any action in furtherance of, or, indicating its consent to, 
 41 

 approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the acts set forth in paragraph (h) of this Section 7.1 or clauses (i) and (ii) of this paragraph (i), or (iv) shall admit in writing its inability to, or shall be generally unable to, pay its debts as such debts become due; or (j) a final judgment or judgments for the payment of money in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate shall be rendered against Borrower or any other Credit Party, unless the same shall be (i) fully covered by insurance and the issuer(s) of the applicable policies have not disclaimed coverage, or (ii) vacated, stayed, bonded, paid or discharged within a period of sixty (60) consecutive days from the date of such judgment; or (k) any material provision of any Loan Document shall for any reason (other than upon satisfaction in full of the Obligations), cease to be valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms, or any Lien granted, or intended by the Loan Documents to be granted, to Agent for the benefit of the Lenders shall cease to be a valid and perfected Lien having the first priority (or a lesser priority if expressly permitted in the Loan Documents, including the Intercreditor Agreement), except to the extent that any such loss of perfection or priority results from the failure of the Agent (which failure is not due to any omission or action by Credit Parties) to maintain possession of certificates actually received representing securities pledged hereunder or under the Pledge Agreement or to file Code continuation statements in the applicable jurisdictions; or (l) a Change of Control shall have occurred; or (m) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred and are then continuing, could reasonably be expected to have Material Adverse Effect; or (n) [reserved]; or (n) (o) an event of default shall occur and be continuing beyond any applicable grace or notice period, under any other Loan Document; or (o) (p) if the obligation of any Guarantor under its Guarantee or under any of the other Loan Documents is limited or terminated by operation of law or by such Guarantor (other than in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, its Guarantee or such other Loan Documents); or (p) (q) an Event of Default as defined in the Revolving Loan Agreement occurs, which shall not have been cured within any applicable grace period or waived, or if any Person (other than Agent or any Lender) party to the Intercreditor Agreement breaches or violates in any material respect, or attempts to terminate or challenge the validity of, such Intercreditor Agreement. 7.2 Remedies . (a) If any Default shall have occurred and be continuing, then each Lender may suspend its commitment hereunder to make the Term Loan. In addition, if any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Agent may take any one or more of the following actions: (i) by notice to Borrower declare all or any portion of the Obligations to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon such Obligations shall become and be due and payable; or (ii) exercise any rights and remedies provided to Agent for the benefit of the Lenders under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the Code and the PPSA; provided , that upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in clause (i) of either Sections 7.1(h) or (i) , the Obligations shall become immediately due and payable (and any obligation of the Lenders to make the Loan, if not previously terminated, shall immediately be terminated) without declaration, notice or demand by Agent. (b) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Grantor expressly agrees that upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, Agent may collect, receive, assemble, appropriate and realize upon the Collateral, or any part thereof, and may forthwith sell, lease, assign, give an option or options to purchase or otherwise dispose of and deliver said Collateral (or contract to do so), or any part thereof, in one or more parcels at public or private sale or sales, at any exchange at such prices as it may deem best, for cash or on credit or for future delivery without assumption of any credit risk. Agent shall have 
 42 

 the right upon any such public sale, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to purchase for the benefit of the Lenders the whole or any part of said Collateral so sold, free of any right of equity of redemption, which right each Grantor hereby releases. Such sales may be adjourned, or continued from time to time with or without notice. Agent shall have the right to conduct such sales on any Grantor s premises or elsewhere and shall have the right to use any Grantor s premises without rent or other charge for such sales or other action with respect to the Collateral for such time as Agent deems necessary or advisable. (c) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default and at Agent s request, Borrower and each other Grantor further agrees, to assemble the Collateral and make it available to Agent at places that Agent shall reasonably select, whether at its premises or elsewhere. During the continuance of an Event of Default, until Agent is able to effect a sale, lease, or other disposition of the Collateral, Agent shall have the right to complete, assemble, use or operate the Collateral or any part thereof, to the extent that Agent deems appropriate, for the purpose of preserving such Collateral or its value or for any other purpose. Agent shall have no obligation to any Grantor to maintain or preserve the rights of any Grantor as against third parties with respect to any Collateral while such Collateral is in the possession of Agent. During the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent may, if it so elects, seek the appointment of a receiver, interim receiver, or keeper to take possession of any Collateral and to enforce any of Agent s or the Lenders remedies with respect thereto without prior notice or hearing. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Borrower and each other Grantor waives all claims, damages, and demands against Agent, each Lender, their Affiliates, agents, and the officers and employees of any of them arising out of the repossession, retention or sale of any Collateral except such as are determined in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen solely out of the gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of such Person. Borrower and each other Grantor agrees that ten (10) Business Days prior notice by Agent to such Grantor of the time and place of any public sale or of the time after which a private sale may take place is reasonable notification of such matters. Borrower and each other Grantor shall remain liable for any deficiency if the proceeds of any sale or disposition of the Collateral are insufficient to pay all amounts to which Agent and each Lender are entitled. (d) Agent s and each Lender s rights and remedies under this Agreement shall be cumulative and nonexclusive of any other rights and remedies that Agent and each Lender may have under any Loan Document or at applicable law or in equity. Recourse to the Collateral shall not be required. All provisions of this Agreement are intended to be subject to all applicable mandatory provisions of law that may be controlling and to be limited, to the extent necessary, so that they do not render this Agreement invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part. 7.3 Waivers by Credit Parties . Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Borrower and each other Credit Party executing this Agreement waives: (a) presentment, demand and protest, and notice of presentment, dishonor, intent to accelerate, protest, default, nonpayment, maturity, release, compromise, settlement, extension or renewal of any or all Loan Documents; (b) all rights to notice and a hearing prior to Agent s taking possession or control of, or to Agent s replevy, attachment or levy upon, any Collateral or any bond or security that might be required by any court prior to allowing Agent or any Lender to exercise any of their remedies; and (c) the benefit of all valuation, appraisal and exemption laws. Borrower and each other Credit Party executing this Agreement acknowledges that it has been advised by counsel of its choices and decisions with respect to this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the transactions evidenced hereby and thereby. 7.4 Proceeds. The Proceeds of any sale, disposition or other realization upon any Collateral during the continuance of an Event of Default shall be applied by Agent upon receipt to the Obligations in such order as Agent may deem advisable in its sole discretion and after the indefeasible payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all of the Obligations, and after the payment by Agent of any other amount required by any applicable provision of law, including Sections 9-608(a)(1) and 9-615(a)(3) of the Code and the comparable provisions of the PPSA (but only after Agent has received what Agent considers reasonable proof of a subordinate party s security interest), the surplus, if any, shall be paid to the applicable Grantor or its representatives or to whomsoever may be lawfully entitled to receive the same, or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct. In the event that any such Proceeds are insufficient to pay the Obligations in full, the Credit Parties shall remain liable, jointly and severally, for any deficiency. 
 43 

 8. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS (a) Each Loan Document shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of Borrower and each other Credit Party executing such Loan Document, Agent, each Lender, and their respective successors and assigns, except as otherwise provided herein or therein. If more than one party signs this instrument as Borrower, then the term Borrower as used herein shall mean all of such parties, jointly and severally. Except as expressly permitted under Section 5.3 , neither Borrower nor any other Credit Party may assign, transfer, hypothecate, delegate or otherwise convey its rights, benefits, obligations or duties under any Loan Document without the prior express written consent of Agent. Any such purported conveyance by Borrower or such Credit Party without the prior express written consent of Agent shall be void. There shall be no third party beneficiaries of any of the terms and provisions of any of the Loan Documents. Each Lender reserves the right at any time to create and sell participations in the Loan and the Loan Documents to any other Person (a Participant and to sell, transfer or assign any or all of its rights in the Loan and under the Loan Documents to one or more Persons (other than any Affiliate of the Credit Parties) (an Assignee ), in each case, subject to the terms and conditions of this Section 8 . Any such sale, transfer or assignment shall be effected by a written assignment agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit I attached hereto (an Assignment Agreement delivered by such Assignee Agent and such Assignee shall pay to Agent an assignment fee in the amount of 3,500, which shall be paid to the Agent on the effective date of each such Assignment Agreement. Agent shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of Borrower, maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment Agreement delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of each Lender and the principal amount of the Term Loan owing to each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and Borrower, Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. Any assignment of the Term Loan, whether or not evidenced by a Note, shall be effective only upon appropriate entries with respect thereto being made in the Register. Any assignment or transfer of all or part of the Term Loan evidenced by a Note shall be registered on the Register only upon surrender for registration of assignment or transfer of such Note evidencing the Loan, accompanied by a duly executed Assignment Agreement or transfer; thereupon a new Note in the same aggregate principal amount shall be issued to the designated Assignee, and the old Note shall be returned to Borrower marked canceled. The Register shall be available for inspection by Borrower at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, each Credit Party, the Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under their Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 1.7 , subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 8(b) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 8(b) shall be delivered to the participating Lender), to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment; provided that such Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 1.7 with respect to any participation than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a change in applicable law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, Agent (in its capacity as Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 44 

 (b) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to Borrower and Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent as will enable Borrower or Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iv) of this Section 8(b)) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that Borrower is a U.S. Borrower: (i) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to Borrower and Agent on or about the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; (ii) any Lender that is not a U.S. Person (a Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: (A) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; (B) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; (C) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the IRC, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the IRC, a 10 percent shareholder of Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the IRC, or a controlled foreign corporation related to Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the IRC (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W 8BEN-E; or (D) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W 8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 
 45 

 (iii) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrower and Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit Borrower or Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and (iv) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the IRC, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to Borrower and Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the IRC) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent as may be necessary for Borrower and Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (iv), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify Borrower and Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 9. AGENT 9.1 Appointment and Duties . (a) Appointment of Agent . Each Lender hereby appoints EICF AGENT LLC (together with any successor Agent pursuant to Section 9.9) as Agent hereunder and authorizes Agent to (i) execute and deliver the Loan Documents and accept delivery thereof on its behalf from any Credit Party, (ii) take such action on its behalf and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies and perform the duties as are expressly delegated to Agent under such Loan Documents and (iii) exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. (b) Duties as Collateral and Disbursing Agent . Without limiting the generality of clause (a) above, Agent shall have the sole and exclusive right and authority (to the exclusion of the Lenders), and is hereby authorized, to (i) act as the disbursing and collecting agent for the Lenders with respect to all payments and collections arising in connection with the Loan Documents (including in any proceeding described in Section 7.1(h) or (i) or any other bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding), and each Person making any payment in connection with any Loan Document to any Lender is hereby authorized to make such payment to Agent, (ii) file and prove claims and file other documents necessary or desirable to allow the claims of the Lenders with respect to any Obligation in any proceeding described in Section 7.1(h) or (i) or any other bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding (but not to vote, consent or otherwise act on behalf of such Lender), (iii) act as collateral agent for each Lender for purposes of the perfection of all Liens created by such agreements and all other purposes stated therein, (iv) manage, supervise and otherwise deal with the Collateral, (v) take such other action as is necessary or desirable to maintain the perfection and priority of the Liens created or purported to be created by the Loan Documents, (vi) except as may be otherwise specified in any Loan Document, exercise all remedies given to Agent and the other Lenders with respect to the Collateral, whether under the Loan Documents, applicable Requirements of Law or otherwise and (vii) execute any amendment, consent or waiver under the Loan Documents on behalf of any Lender that has consented in writing to such amendment, consent or waiver; provided , however , that Agent hereby appoints, authorizes and directs each Lender to act as collateral sub-agent for Agent and the Lenders for purposes of the perfection of all Liens with respect to the Collateral, including any deposit account maintained by a Credit Party with, and cash and cash equivalents held by, such Lender, and may further authorize and direct the Lenders to take further actions as collateral sub-agents for purposes of enforcing such Liens or otherwise to 
 46 

 transfer the Collateral subject thereto to Agent, and each Lender hereby agrees to take such further actions to the extent, and only to the extent, so authorized and directed. (c) Limited Duties . Under the Loan Documents, Agent (i) is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders, with duties that are entirely administrative in nature, notwithstanding the use of the defined term Agent , the terms agent , administrative agent and collateral agent and similar terms in any Loan Document to refer to Agent, which terms are used for title purposes only, (ii) is not assuming any obligation under any Loan Document other than as expressly set forth therein or any role as agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender and (iii) shall have no implied functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or other liabilities under any Loan Document, and each Lender hereby waives and agrees not to assert any claim against Agent based on the roles, duties and legal relationships expressly disclaimed in clauses (i) through (iii) above. 9.2 Binding Effect . Each Lender agrees that (i) any action taken by Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if expressly required hereby, a greater proportion of the Lenders) in accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents, (ii) any action taken by Agent in reliance upon the instructions of Required Lenders (or, where so required, such greater proportion) and (iii) the exercise by Agent or the Required Lenders (or, where so required, such greater proportion) of the powers set forth herein or therein, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be authorized and binding upon all of the Lenders. 9.3 Use of Discretion . (a) No Action without Instructions . Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take, or to omit to take, any action, including with respect to enforcement or collection, except any action it is required to take or omit to take (i) under any Loan Document or (ii) pursuant to instructions from the Required Lenders (or, where expressly required by the terms of this Agreement, a greater proportion of the Lenders). (b) Right Not to Follow Certain Instructions . Notwithstanding clause (a) above, Agent shall not be required to take, or to omit to take, any action (i) unless, upon demand, Agent receives an indemnification satisfactory to it from the Lenders against all costs, expenses, claims, actions or liabilities that, by reason of such action or omission, may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against Agent or any Related Person thereof or (ii) that is, in the opinion of Agent or its counsel, contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Requirement of Law. 9.4 Delegation of Rights and Duties . Agent may, upon any term or condition it specifies, delegate or exercise any of its rights, powers and remedies under, and delegate or perform any of its duties or any other action with respect to, any Loan Document by or through any trustee, co-agent, employee, attorney-in-fact and any other Person (including any Lender). Any such Person shall benefit from this Section 9 to the extent provided by Agent. 9.5 Reliance and Liability . (a) Agent may, without incurring any liability hereunder, (i) treat the payee of any Note as its holder until such Note has been assigned in accordance with Section 8(a) , (ii) rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 8(a) , (iii) consult with any of its Related Persons and, whether or not selected by it, any other advisors, accountants and other experts (including advisors to, and accountants and experts engaged by, any Credit Party) and (iv) rely and act upon any document and information (including those transmitted by electronic transmission) and any telephone message or conversation, in each case believed by it to be genuine and transmitted, signed or otherwise authenticated by the appropriate parties. (b) None of Agent and its Related Persons shall be liable to any Lender for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them under or in connection with any Loan Document (x) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Section 10.1(b)) or (y) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, and each Lender hereby waive and shall not assert any right, claim or cause of action based thereon, except to the extent of liabilities 
 47 

 resulting primarily from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Agent or, as the case may be, such Related Person (each as determined in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction) in connection with the duties expressly set forth herein. Without limiting the foregoing, Agent: (i) shall not be responsible or otherwise incur liability to any Lender for any action or omission taken in reliance upon the instructions of the Required Lenders or for the actions or omissions of any of its Related Persons selected with reasonable care (other than employees, officers and directors of Agent, when acting on behalf of Agent); (ii) shall not be responsible to any Lender for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, effectiveness, genuineness, sufficiency or value of, or the attachment, perfection or priority of any Lien created or purported to be created under or in connection with, any Loan Document; (iii) makes no warranty or representation, and shall not be responsible, to any Lender for any statement, document, information, representation or warranty made or furnished by or on behalf of any Related Person or any Credit Party in connection with any Loan Document or any transaction contemplated therein or any other document or information with respect to any Credit Party, whether or not transmitted or (except for documents expressly required under any Loan Document to be transmitted to the Lenders) omitted to be transmitted by Agent, including as to completeness, accuracy, scope or adequacy thereof, or for the scope, nature or results of any due diligence performed by Agent in connection with the Loan Documents; and (iv) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any provision of any Loan Document, whether any condition set forth in any Loan Document is satisfied or waived, as to the financial condition of any Credit Party or as to the existence or continuation or possible occurrence or continuation of any Default and shall not be deemed to have notice or knowledge of such occurrence or continuation unless it has received a notice from Borrower or any Lender describing such Default clearly labeled notice of default (in which case Agent shall promptly give notice of such receipt to all Lenders); and, for each of the items set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) above, each Lender hereby waives and agrees not to assert any right, claim or cause of action it might have against Agent based thereon. 9.6 Agent Individually . Agent and its Affiliates may make loans and other extensions of credit to, acquire Stock of, engage in any kind of business with, any Credit Party or Affiliate thereof as though it were not acting as Agent and may receive separate fees and other payments therefor. To the extent Agent or any of its Affiliates makes any Loan or otherwise becomes a Lender hereunder, it shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and shall be subject to the same obligations and liabilities as any other Lender and the terms Lender , Required Lender and any similar terms shall, except where otherwise expressly provided in any Loan Document, include, without limitation, Agent or such Affiliate, as the case may be, in its individual capacity as Lender or as one of the Required Lenders. 9.7 Protective Advances . Agent is hereby authorized by the Credit Parties and Lenders, at any time in Agent s and Co-Lead Arranger s sole discretion, regardless of (i) the existence of a Default or an Event of Default, (ii) whether any of the other applicable conditions precedent set forth in this Agreement to the making of any Term Loan have not been satisfied, or (iii) any other contrary provision of this Agreement, to make advances to Borrower on behalf of the Lenders in an amount not exceeding 10 of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then outstanding, which advances Agent, in its reasonable business judgment, deems necessary or desirable (A) to preserve or protect the Collateral, or any portion thereof, (B) to enhance the likelihood of, or maximize the amount of, repayment of the Obligations, or (C) to pay any other amount chargeable to the Credit Parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement Protective Advances ). Protective Advances shall be deemed to be Term Loans under this Agreement and entitled to all of the rights and benefits applicable to Term Loans hereunder; provided, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Protective Advances may cause the total principal amount of the Term Loans to equal up to 110 of the sum of (x) the total principal amount of the Closing Date Term Loan Commitment (as in effect immediately prior 
 48 

 to funding the Closing Date Term Loans) and (y) the total principal amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments as in effect on the Closing Date. The Lenders shall be obligated to fund Protective Advances upon request by Agent (made with the consent of Agent and Co-Lead Arranger) and reimburse and/or otherwise effect a settlement with Agent therefor upon demand of Agent in accordance with their respective Protective Advance Percentages. To the extent any Protective Advances are not actually funded by the other Lenders as provided for herein, any such Protective Advances funded by Agent shall be deemed to be Protective Advances made by and owing to Agent, and Agent shall be entitled to all rights (including accrual of interest) and remedies of a Lender with respect to such Protective Advances. 9.8 Expenses; Indemnities . (a) Each Lender agrees to reimburse Agent and each of its Related Persons (to the extent not reimbursed by any Credit Party) promptly upon demand for such Lender s pro rata share with respect to the Loan of any costs and expenses (including fees, charges and disbursements of financial, legal and other advisors and taxes paid in the name of, or on behalf of, any Credit Party) that may be incurred by Agent or any of its Related Persons in connection with the preparation, syndication, execution, delivery, administration, modification, consent, waiver or enforcement (whether through negotiations, through any work-out, bankruptcy, restructuring or other legal or other proceeding or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of its rights or responsibilities under, any Loan Document. (b) Each Lender further agrees to indemnify Agent and each of its Related Persons (to the extent not reimbursed by any Credit Party), from and against such Lender s aggregate pro rata share with respect to the Loan of the costs, expenses, claims and liabilities (including (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender, but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so, (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 8(a) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register, and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender) that may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against Agent or any of its Related Persons in any matter relating to or arising out of, in connection with or as a result of any Loan Document, or any other act, event or transaction related, contemplated in or attendant to any such document, or, in each case, any action taken or omitted to be taken by Agent or any of its Related Persons under or with respect to any of the foregoing; provided , however , that no Lender shall be liable to Agent or any of its Related Persons to the extent such liability has resulted primarily from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Agent or, as the case may be, such Related Person, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment or order. (c) 9.9 Resignation of Agent. (a) Agent may resign at any time by delivering notice of such resignation to the Lenders and Borrower, effective on the date set forth in such notice or, if no such date is set forth therein, upon the date such notice shall be effective. If Agent delivers any such notice, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Agent. If, within thirty (30) days after the retiring Agent having given notice of resignation, no successor Agent has been appointed by the Required Lenders that has accepted such appointment, then the retiring Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Agent from among the Lenders. Each appointment under this clause (a) shall be subject to the prior consent of Borrower, which may not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, but shall not be required during the continuance of an Event of Default under Section 7.1(a), (h) or (i) . (b) Effective immediately upon its resignation, (i) the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents, (ii) the Lenders shall assume and perform all of the duties of Agent until a successor Agent shall have accepted a valid appointment hereunder, (iii) the retiring Agent and its Related Persons shall no longer have the benefit of any provision of any Loan Document other than with respect to any actions taken or omitted to be taken while such retiring Agent was, or because such Agent had been, validly acting as Agent under the Loan Documents and (iv) subject to its rights under Section 9.3 , the retiring Agent shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary to assign to the successor Agent its rights as Agent under the Loan Documents. Effective immediately upon its acceptance of a valid 
 49 

 appointment as Agent, a successor Agent shall succeed to, and become vested with, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent under the Loan Documents. 9.10 Release of Collateral . Each Lender hereby consents to the release and hereby directs Agent to release (or, in the case of clause (ii) below, release or subordinate) any Lien held by Agent for the benefit of the Lenders against (i) any Collateral that is sold by a Credit Party in an Asset Sale , lease, transfer or other disposition permitted by the Loan Documents (including pursuant to a valid waiver or consent), (ii) any property subject to a Lien permitted hereunder to secure Purchase Money Obligations, (iii) any Collateral to the extent that Agent is required to release such Lien pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement in connection with the exercise by the Revolving Agent of rights and remedies against the Collateral,(iv) if the property subject to such Lien is owned by a Guarantor, upon release of such Guarantor from its obligations pursuant to a transaction permitted by Section 5.3 , and (v) all of the Collateral and all Credit Parties, upon the Termination Date. Each Lender hereby directs Agent, and Agent hereby agrees, upon receipt of reasonable advance notice from Borrower, to execute and deliver or file such documents and to perform other actions reasonably necessary to release the Liens when and as directed in this Section 9.10 . 10. MISCELLANEOUS 10.1 Complete Agreement; Modification of Agreement . (a) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the complete agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, supersede all prior agreements, commitments, understandings or inducements (oral or written, expressed or implied). Borrower and each other Credit Party executing this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall have all duties and obligations under this Agreement and such other Loan Documents from the date of its execution and delivery, regardless of whether the Loan has been funded at that time. (b) No amendment or waiver of any provision of any Loan Document and no consent to any departure by any Credit Party therefrom shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed (1) in the case of an amendment, consent or waiver to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency or granting a new Lien for the benefit of the Lenders or extending an existing Lien over additional property, by Agent and Borrower and any other Credit Party which is a party to such agreement, (2) in the case of any other waiver or consent, by the Required Lenders (or by Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and (3) in the case of any other amendment, by the Required Lenders (or by Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and Borrower and any other Credit Party which is a party to such agreement; provided , however , that no amendment, consent or waiver described in clause (2) or (3) above shall, unless in writing and signed by each Lender directly affected thereby (or by Agent with the consent of such Lender), in addition to any other Person the signature of which is otherwise required pursuant to any Loan Document, do any of the following: (i) waive any condition specified in Section 2.1 , except any condition referring to any other provision of any Loan Document; (ii) increase the Closing Date Term Loan Commitment or Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of such Lender or subject such Lender to any additional material obligation; (iii) reduce (including through release, forgiveness, assignment or otherwise) (A) the principal amount of, the interest rate on, or any obligation of Borrower to repay (whether or not on a fixed date), any outstanding Loan owing to such Lender, or (B) any Fee or accrued interest payable to such Lender; (iv) waive or postpone any scheduled maturity date or other scheduled date fixed for the payment, in whole or in part, of principal of or interest on any Term Loan or Fee owing to such Lender or for the reduction of such Lender s Closing Date Term Loan Commitment or Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment; provided , however , that this clause (iv) does not apply to any change to Mandatory Prepayments, including those required under Section 1.2 , or to the application 
 50 

 of any payment, including as set forth in Section 1.8 ; (v) except as provided in Section 9.10 , release all or substantially all of the Collateral or any Guarantor from its guarantee of any Obligation of Borrower; (vi) reduce or increase the proportion of Lenders required for the Lenders (or any subset thereof) to take any action hereunder or change the definition of the term Required Lenders (vii) amend Section 10.14 or this Section 10.1 ; (viii) enter into, amend or otherwise modify, any agreement or arrangement with another Person, the effect of which entering into, amendment or modification is to either (A) subordinate the payment of the Obligations to the payment of any indebtedness, liabilities or other obligations held by any other Person, or (B) subordinate the Lien securing the Obligations to any Lien held by any other Person as security for any indebtedness, liabilities or other obligations held by any other Person; provided, however, that this clause (viii) shall not apply to any payment subordination or Lien subordination effected in connection with the making of Protective Advances under this Agreement, that are approved by both Agent and Co-Lead Arranger, in an amount not exceeding 10 of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then outstanding; and provided , further , that (x)(A) any waiver of any payment applied pursuant to Section 1.8 to, and any modification of the application of any such payment to the Term Loan shall require the consent of the Required Lenders, and (B) any change to the definition of the term Required Lenders shall require the consent of the Required Lenders, (y) no amendment, waiver or consent shall affect the rights or duties under any Loan Document of, or any payment to, Agent (or otherwise modify any provision of Section 9 or the application thereof) unless in writing and signed by Agent in addition to any signature otherwise required and (z) the consent of Borrower shall not be required to change any order of priority set forth in Section 1.8 . (c) Each waiver or consent under any Loan Document shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which it was given. No notice to or demand on any Credit Party shall entitle any Credit Party to any notice or demand in the same, similar or other circumstances. No failure on the part of any Lender to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. 10.2 Expenses . Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse Agent and CION (but not any Assignee or Participants) for all costs and expenses (including the fees and expenses of all counsel retained in connection therewith), incurred in connection with: (a) the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery, performance and enforcement of the Loan Documents and the preservation of any rights thereunder, provided, that in the case of legal expenses incurred in connection with the initial documentation and negotiation of the Loan Documents being delivered on the Closing Date, Agent and CION shall be limited to (x) one counsel for Agent and CION taken together (except (i) in the case where one or more discrete legal issues arise during the course of the documentation process for which CION reasonably finds it desirable to obtain its separate legal counsel, and/or (ii) where a conflict of interest arises between Agent and CION, in each of which cases Borrower shall be obligated to pay or reimburse the reasonable legal fees of CION in addition to those of Agent), (y) to the extent reasonably necessary, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction, and (z) such regulatory or other specialist counsel (which shall include SBA counsel to EICF) as reasonably necessary in connection with the Transactions; (b) collection, including deficiency collections; (c) any amendment, waiver or other modification with respect to any Loan Document or advice in connection with the administration of the Loan or the rights thereunder; and (d) any litigation, dispute, suit, proceeding or action (whether instituted by or between any combination of Agent, any Lender, Borrower or any other Person), and an appeal or review thereof, in any way relating to the Collateral, any Loan Document, or any action taken or any other agreements to be executed or delivered in connection therewith, whether as a party, witness or otherwise, provided however , that upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse Agent and CION (but not any Assignee or Participants) for all additional costs and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of all counsel, advisors, consultants and auditors retained in connection therewith), incurred in connection with any effort (i) to monitor the Loan, (ii) to 
 51 

 evaluate, observe or assess Borrower or any other Credit Party or the affairs of such Person, and (iii) to verify, protect, evaluate, assess, appraise, collect, sell, liquidate or otherwise dispose of the Collateral. 10.3 No Waiver . Neither Agent s failure, at any time, to require strict performance by Borrower or any other Credit Party of any provision of any Loan Document, nor Agent s or any Lender s failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, any right, power or privilege hereunder, shall operate as a waiver thereof or waive, affect or diminish any right of Agent or any Lender thereafter to demand strict compliance and performance therewith. No single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder shall preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. Any suspension or waiver of a Default or other provision under the Loan Documents shall not suspend, waive or affect any other Default or other provision under any Loan Document, and shall not be construed as a bar to any right or remedy that Agent or any Lender would otherwise have had on any future occasion. None of the undertakings, indemnities, agreements, warranties, covenants and representations of Borrower or any other Credit Party to Agent or any Lender contained in any Loan Document and no Default by Borrower or any other Credit Party under any Loan Document shall be deemed to have been suspended or waived by Agent or any Lender, unless such waiver or suspension is by an instrument in writing signed by an officer or other authorized employee of Agent or the Lenders, as applicable, and directed to Borrower, specifying such suspension or waiver (and then such waiver shall be effective only to the extent therein expressly set forth), and neither Agent nor any Lender shall, by any act (other than execution of a formal written waiver), delay, omission or otherwise, be deemed to have waived any of its rights or remedies hereunder. 10.4 Severability; Section Titles . Wherever possible, each provision of the Loan Documents shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of any Loan Document shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of such Loan Document. Except as otherwise expressly provided for in the Loan Documents, no termination or cancellation (regardless of cause or procedure) of any financing arrangement under the Loan Documents shall in any way affect or impair the Obligations, duties, covenants, representations and warranties, indemnities, and liabilities of Borrower or any other Credit Party or the rights of Agent or any Lender relating to any unpaid Obligation, (due or not due, liquidated, contingent or unliquidated), or any transaction or event occurring prior to such termination, or any transaction or event, the performance of which is not required until after the Maturity Date, all of which shall not terminate or expire, but rather shall survive such termination or cancellation and shall continue in full force and effect until the Termination Date; provided , that all indemnity obligations of the Credit Parties under the Loan Documents shall survive the Termination Date. The Section titles contained in any Loan Document are and shall be without substantive meaning or content of any kind whatsoever and are not a part of the agreement between parties hereto. 10.5 Authorized Signature. Until Agent shall be notified in writing by Borrower or any other Credit Party to the contrary, the signature upon any document or instrument delivered pursuant hereto and believed by Agent or any of Agent s officers, agents, or employees to be that of an officer of Borrower or such other Credit Party shall bind Borrower and such other Credit Party and be deemed to be the act of Borrower or such other Credit Party affixed pursuant to and in accordance with resolutions duly adopted by Borrower s or such other Credit Party s Board of Directors, and Agent shall be entitled to assume the authority of each signature and authority of the Person whose signature it is or appears to be unless the Person acting in reliance thereon shall have actual knowledge to the contrary. 10.6 Notices Except as otherwise provided herein, whenever any notice, demand, request or other communication shall or may be given to or served upon any party by any other party, or whenever any party desires to give or serve upon any other party any communication with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, each communication shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been validly served, given or delivered (a) upon the earlier of actual receipt and three (3) Business Days after deposit in the United States Mail, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, with proper postage prepaid, (b) upon transmission, when sent by telecopy or other similar facsimile transmission (with such telecopy or facsimile promptly confirmed by delivery of a copy by personal delivery or United States Mail as otherwise provided in this Section 10.6 ), (c) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a reputable overnight courier with all charges prepaid or (d) when hand-delivered, all of which shall be addressed to the party to be notified and sent 
 52 

 to the address or facsimile number indicated in Schedule C or to such other address (or facsimile number) as may be substituted by notice given as herein provided. Failure or delay in delivering copies of any such communication to any Person (other than Borrower, any other Credit Party, Agent or any Lender) designated in Schedule C to receive copies shall in no way adversely affect the effectiveness of such communication. 10.7 Counterparts . Any Loan Document may be authenticated in any number of separate counterparts by any one or more of the parties thereto, and all of said counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any Loan Document may be authenticated by manual signature, facsimile or, if approved in writing by Agent, electronic means, all of which shall be equally valid. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents including any Assignment Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or electronic records, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. 10.8 Time of the Essence . Time is of the essence for performance of the Obligations under the Loan Documents. 10.9 GOVERNING LAW . THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND THE OBLIGATIONS ARISING UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES THEREOF REGARDING CONFLICTS OF LAWS OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATION LAWS OF NEW YORK. 10.10 SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . (a) BORROWER AND EACH OTHER CREDIT PARTY EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY CONSENT AND AGREE THAT THE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN NEW YORK COUNTY, NEW YORK, SHALL HAVE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION TO HEAR AND DETERMINE ANY CLAIMS OR DISPUTES BETWEEN BORROWER AND SUCH CREDIT PARTY AND ANY LENDER PERTAINING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR TO ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS; PROVIDED , THAT THE LENDERS, BORROWER AND EACH CREDIT PARTY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY APPEALS FROM THOSE COURTS MAY HAVE TO BE HEARD BY A COURT LOCATED OUTSIDE OF NEW YORK COUNTY, NEW YORK; AND FURTHER PROVIDED , THAT NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED OR OPERATE TO PRECLUDE ANY LENDER FROM BRINGING SUIT OR TAKING OTHER LEGAL ACTION IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION TO COLLECT THE OBLIGATIONS, TO REALIZE ON THE COLLATERAL OR ANY OTHER SECURITY FOR THE OBLIGATIONS, OR TO ENFORCE A JUDGMENT OR OTHER COURT ORDER IN FAVOR OF SUCH LENDER. BORROWER AND EACH OTHER CREDIT PARTY EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT EXPRESSLY SUBMIT AND CONSENT IN ADVANCE TO SUCH NEW YORK JURISDICTION IN ANY ACTION OR SUIT COMMENCED IN ANY SUCH NEW YORK COURT, AND BORROWER AND SUCH CREDIT PARTY HEREBY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY HAVE BASED UPON LACK OF PERSONAL JURISDICTION, IMPROPER VENUE OR FORUM NON CONVENIENS IN ANY ACTION OR SUIT COMMENCED IN ANY SUCH NEW YORK COURTS. BORROWER AND EACH OTHER CREDIT PARTY EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY WAIVE PERSONAL SERVICE OF THE SUMMONS, COMPLAINT AND OTHER PROCESS ISSUED IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR SUIT AND AGREE THAT SERVICE OF SUCH SUMMONS, COMPLAINT AND OTHER PROCESS MAY BE MADE BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL ADDRESSED TO BORROWER OR SUCH CREDIT PARTY AT THE ADDRESS SET FORTH IN SCHEDULE C OF THIS AGREEMENT OR SUCH OTHER ADDRESS AS MAY BE SUBSTITUTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 10.5 AND THAT SERVICE SO MADE SHALL BE DEEMED COMPLETED UPON THE EARLIER OF BORROWER S OR SUCH CREDIT PARTY S ACTUAL RECEIPT THEREOF OR THREE (3) DAYS AFTER DEPOSIT IN THE UNITED STATES MAIL, PROPER POSTAGE PREPAID. 
 53 

 (b) THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE BETWEEN ANY LENDER, BORROWER AND ANY CREDIT PARTY ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH, RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED BETWEEN THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO. 10.11 Press Releases . Neither any Credit Party nor any of its Affiliates will in the future issue any press release or other public disclosure using the name of Energy Impact Credit Fund I LP or its Affiliates or referring to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents without at least two (2) Business Days prior notice to Agent and without the prior written consent of Agent unless (and only to the extent that) such Credit Party or Affiliate is required to do so under law and then, in any event, such Credit Party or Affiliate will consult with Agent before issuing such press release or other public disclosure. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 10.11 , any Credit Party may make such public disclosures referring to Energy Impact Credit Fund I LP or its Affiliates in connection with and with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents in connection with all regular and periodic reports (including without limitation any Form 8-Ks) and all registration statements and prospectuses, if any, filed by any Credit Party with any securities exchange or with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any governmental or private regulatory authority. The Borrower hereby authorizes Agent and each Lender to make mention of Agent s and such Lender s participation in this transaction in its marketing, sales materials, printed media, tombstones or web-based material with Borrower s prior written consent (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 10.12 Reinstatement . This Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment of all or any part of the Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be returned or restored by Agent or the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of Borrower or any other Credit Party, or otherwise, all as though such payments had not been made. 10.13 USA PATRIOT Act Notice and Customer Verification . Each Lender that is subject to the USA PATRIOT Act and the Agent (for itself and not on behalf of such Lender) hereby notify Borrower that pursuant to the know your customer regulations and the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, they are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Credit Party, which information includes the name, address and tax identification number (and other identifying information in the event this information is insufficient to complete verification) that will allow such Lender or Agent, as applicable, to verify the identity of each Credit Party. This information must be delivered to such Lender and Agent no later than five days prior to the Closing Date and thereafter promptly upon request. This notice is given in accordance with the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act and is effective as to the Lenders and the Agent. 10.14 Sharing of Payments, Etc . If any Lender, directly or through an Affiliate or branch office thereof, obtains any payment of any Obligation of any Credit Party (whether voluntary, involuntary or through the exercise of any right of setoff or the receipt of any Collateral or procee ds (as defined under the Code or the PPSA, as applicable) of Collateral) other than pursuant to Section 1.14 and such payment exceeds the amount such Lender would have been entitled to receive if all payments had gone to, and been distributed by, Agent in accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents, such Lender shall purchase for cash from other Lenders such participations in their Obligations as necessary for such Lender to share such excess payment with such Lenders to ensure such payment is applied as though it had been received by Agent and applied in accordance with this Agreement (or, if such application would then be at the discretion of Borrower, applied to repay the Obligations in accordance herewith); provided , however , that (a) if such payment is rescinded or otherwise recovered from such Lender in whole or in part, such purchase shall be rescinded and the purchase price therefor shall be returned to such Lender without interest and (b) such Lender shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, be able to exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of setoff) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of Borrower in the amount of such participation. 10.15 Intercreditor Agreement . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Lien and security interest granted to Agent pursuant to this 
 54 

 Agreement and the exercise of any right or remedy by Agent on behalf of the Lenders hereunder are subject to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control. 10.16 Confidentiality Agreements . With respect to any confidentiality agreements between the Parties, notwithstanding any requirements or obligations of Agent to destroy or return documentation or proprietary information related to the Credit Parties, Agent will retain copies of any such documentation or information necessary to comply with the Investment Company Act of 1940 or other applicable laws. 10.17 Effect of Benchmark Transition Event . (A) Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable , the Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace LIBOR the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Borrower so long as the Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. Any such amendment with respect to an Early Opt-in Election will become effective on the date that Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Agent written notice that such Required Lenders accept such amendment. No replacement of LIBOR a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 10.17 will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. (B) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document . (C) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations . Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date and Benchmark Transition Start Date, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Agent shall notify the Borrower of (x) if any tenor of a Benchmark is not being used pursuant to Section 10.17(D) and iv y the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by Agent or Lenders pursuant to this Section 10.17, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection , will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto or any other Loan Document , except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 10.17. (D) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Agent may elect to use another interest period for such Benchmark that is being published and is representative for any Benchmark settings at or after such time and to not use the unavailable or non-representative tenor or interest period and (ii) if a tenor that was not used pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Agent may again use such tenor or 
 55 

 interest period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. (E) (D) Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Loans under this Agreement will be deemed to have converted into Base Rate Loans during the Benchmark Unavailability Period. (E) Certain Defined Terms . As used in this Section 10.17: (1) Base Rate means a variable rate of interest per annum equal to the highest of (a) two percent (2 ), (b) the Prime Rate as published by the Wall Street Journal as of such date of determination (or, if such rate ceases to be so published, as quoted from such other generally available and recognizable source as Agent may reasonably select), and (c) the sum of (i) the Federal Funds Rate plus (ii) one-half of one percent (0.50 . (2) Base Rate Loans means Loans bearing interest at rates determined by reference to the Base Rate. (3) Benchmark Replacement means for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date the sum of: (x) the alternate benchmark rate (which may include Term SOFR) that has been selected by the Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (1) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (2) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate of interest as a replacement to LIBOR for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (y) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if the Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than 1.00 per annum, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be 1.00 per annum for the purposes of this Agreement . (4) Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of LIBOR with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for each applicable interest period, (x) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of LIBOR with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date or (y) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining a spread adjustment or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of LIBOR with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar- denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. (5) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the provisions of the Loan Documents regarding any applicable base rate, interest period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other administrative matters) that Agent decides in its reasonable discretion may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement ). (6) Benchmark Replacement Date means the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to LIBOR: (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the later of (x) the date of the public statement or publication of 
 56 

 information referenced therein and (y) the date on which the administrator of LIBOR permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide LIBOR; or (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein . (7) Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to LIBOR: (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of LIBOR announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide LIBOR , permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide LIBOR; (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of LIBOR, the U.S. Federal Reserve System , an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for LIBOR , a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for LIBOR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for LIBOR , which states that the administrator of LIBOR has ceased or will cease to provide LIBOR permanently or indefinitely , provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide LIBOR; or (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of LIBOR announcing that LIBOR is no longer representative. (8) Benchmark Transition Start Date means (x) in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (1) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (2) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication) and (y) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the date specified by Agent or the Required Lenders, as applicable, by notice to the Borrower, Agent (in the case of such notice by the Required Lenders) and the Lenders . (9) Benchmark Unavailability Period means, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to LIBOR and solely to the extent that LIBOR has not been replaced with a Benchmark Replacement, the period (x) beginning at the time that such Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced LIBOR for all purposes hereunder in accordance with this Section 10.17 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced LIBOR for all purposes hereunder pursuant to this Section 10.17. (10) Early Opt-in Election means the occurrence of: (1) (x) a determination by Agent or (y) a notification by the Required Lenders to Agent (with a copy to the Borrower) that the Required Lenders have determined that U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities being executed at such time, or that include language similar to that contained in this Section 10.17, are being executed or amended, as applicable, to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace LIBOR, and (2) (x) the election by Agent, or (y) the election by the Required Lenders to declare that an Early Opt-in Election has occurred and the provision, as applicable, by the Agent of written notice of such election to the Borrower and the Lenders or by the 
 57 

 Required Lenders of written notice of such election to Agent. (11) Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers, as published on the immediately following Business Day by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as the Federal Funds Rate or Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15(519) entitled Selected Interest Rates or any successor publication of the Federal Reserve System reporting the Federal Funds Rate or its equivalent or, if such rate is not published for any Business Day, the average of the quotations for the day of the requested Loan received by Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by Agent. (12) Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. (13) LIBOR Loans means at any time that portion of the Loans bearing interest at rates determined by reference to LIBOR. (14) Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. (15) SOFR with respect to any Business Day means a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate published for such Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark, (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website at approximately 8:00 a.m., New York City time, on the immediately succeeding Business Day. (16) Term SOFR means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. (17) Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 10.18 CION as Co-Lead Arranger . CION shall be a co-lead arranger of the facilities and commitments made available under this Agreement; provided, that this role shall not entitle CION to take any actions in such capacity except with the express prior written consent of Agent. 10.19 Judgment Currency . (a) If, for the purpose of (a) obtaining or enforcing judgment against any Credit Party in any court in any jurisdiction, it becomes necessary to convert into any other currency (such other currency being hereinafter in this Section 10.19 referred to as the Judgment Currency an amount due under any Loan Document in any currency (the Obligation Currency other than the Judgment Currency, the conversion shall be made at the rate of exchange prevailing on the Business Day immediately preceding the date of actual payment of the amount due, in the courts of any other jurisdiction that will give effect to such conversion being made on such date, or the date on which the judgment is given, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of any other jurisdiction (the applicable date as of which such conversion is made pursuant to this Section 10.19 being hereinafter in this Section 10.19 referred to as the Judgment Conversion Date ). (b) If, in the case of any proceeding in the court of any jurisdiction referred to in Section 10.19(a) there is a change in the rate of exchange prevailing between the Judgment Conversion Date and the date of actual receipt for value of the amount due, the applicable Credit Party or Credit Parties shall pay or be entitled to receive reimbursement of such additional amount (if any, but in any event not a lesser amount) as may be 
 58 

 necessary to ensure that the amount actually received in the Judgment Currency, when converted at the rate of exchange prevailing on the date of payment, will produce the amount of the Obligation Currency which could have been purchased with the amount of the Judgment Currency stipulated in the judgment or judicial order at the rate of exchange prevailing on the Judgment Conversion Date. Any amount due from any Credit Party under this Section 10.19(b) shall be due as a separate debt and shall not be affected by judgment being obtained for any other amounts due under or in respect of any of the Loan Documents. (c) The term rate of exchange in this Section 10.19 means the rate of exchange at which Agent, on the relevant date at or about 12:00 noon (New York time), would be prepared to sell, in accordance with Agent s normal course foreign currency exchange practices, the Obligation Currency against the Judgment Currency. 11. GUARANTEE 11.1 The Guarantee . The Guarantors that are not Canadian Credit Parties (the Non-Canadian Guarantors hereby jointly and severally guarantee, as a primary obligor and not as a surety to Agent and the Lenders and their respective successors and assigns, the prompt payment in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, demand, by acceleration or otherwise) of the principal of and interest on (including any interest, fees, costs or charges that would accrue but for the provisions of the Title 11 of the United States Code (or under the comparable provisions of any other Debtor Relief Law) after any bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed under Title 11 of the United States Code whether or not any such interest, fees, costs or charges are allowed in any proceeding thereunder) the Loan made by the Lenders to, and the Notes held by each Lender of, Borrower, and all other Obligations from time to time owing to Agent and the Lenders by any other Credit Party under any Loan Document (such obligations being herein collectively called the Guaranteed Obligations ). The Non-Canadian Guarantors hereby jointly and severally agree that if Borrower or other Non-Canadian Guarantor(s) shall fail to pay in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the Guarantors will promptly pay the same in cash, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal. 11.2 Obligations Unconditional . The obligations of the Non-Canadian Guarantors under Section 11.1 shall constitute a guarantee of payment and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, are absolute, irrevocable and unconditional, joint and several, irrespective of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations of Borrower under this Agreement, the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or any substitution, release or exchange of any other guarantee of or security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations, and, irrespective of any other circumstance whatsoever that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or Non-Canadian Guarantor (except for payment in full). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is agreed that the occurrence of any one or more of the following shall not alter or impair the liability of the Non-Canadian Guarantors hereunder which shall remain absolute, irrevocable and unconditional under any and all circumstances as described above: (a) at any time or from time to time, without notice to the Non-Canadian Guarantors, the time for any performance of or compliance with any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be extended, or such performance or compliance shall be waived; (b) any of the acts mentioned in any of the provisions of this Agreement or the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein shall be done or omitted; (c) the maturity of any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be accelerated, or any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be amended in any respect, or any right under the Loan Documents or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein shall be amended or waived in any respect or any other guarantee of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security therefor shall be released or exchanged in whole or in part or otherwise dealt with; (d) any Lien or security interest granted to, or in favor of any Lender or Agent as security for any of the 
 59 

 Guaranteed Obligations shall fail to be perfected; or (e) the release of any other Non-Canadian Guarantor pursuant to Section 11.9 . The Non-Canadian Guarantors hereby expressly waive diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever, and any requirement that Agent or any Lender exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against Borrower under this Agreement or the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or against any other person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of the Guaranteed Obligations. The Non-Canadian Guarantors waive any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension, waiver, termination or accrual of any of the Guaranteed Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance by Agent or any Lender upon this Guarantee or acceptance of this Guarantee, and the Guaranteed Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have been created, contracted or incurred in reliance upon this Guarantee, and all dealings between Borrower and Agent or any Lender shall likewise be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon this Guarantee. This Guarantee shall be construed as a continuing, absolute, irrevocable and unconditional guarantee of payment without regard to any right of offset with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations at any time or from time to time held by Agent or any Lender, and the obligations and liabilities of the Non-Canadian Guarantors hereunder shall not be conditioned or contingent upon the pursuit by Agent or any Lender or any other person at any time of any right or remedy against Borrower or against any other person which may be or become liable in respect of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or against any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto. This Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect and be binding in accordance with and to the extent of its terms upon the Non-Canadian Guarantors and the successors and assigns thereof, until payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations and shall inure to the benefit of Agent and the Lenders, and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 11.3 Reinstatement . The obligations of the Non-Canadian Guarantors under this Article XI shall be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that for any reason any payment by or on behalf of Borrower or other Credit Party in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must be otherwise restored by any holder of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether as a result of any proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization or otherwise. 11.4 Subrogation; Subordination . Each Non-Canadian Guarantor hereby agrees that until the indefeasible payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all Guaranteed Obligations it shall waive any claim and shall not exercise any right or remedy, direct or indirect, arising by reason of any performance by it of its guarantee in Section 11.1 , whether by subrogation or otherwise, against Borrower or any other Non-Canadian Guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations. Any Indebtedness of any Credit Party permitted pursuant to Section 5.1(d) shall be subordinated to such Credit Party s Obligations in the manner set forth in the Intercompany Note evidencing such Indebtedness. 11.5 Remedies . The Non-Canadian Guarantors jointly and severally agree that, as between the Non-Canadian Guarantors and the Lenders, the obligations of Borrower under this Agreement and the Notes, if any, may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in Section 7.2 (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances provided in Section 7.2 for purposes of Section 11.1 , notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or such obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as against Borrower and that, in the event of such declaration (or such obligations being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), such obligations (whether or not due and payable by Borrower) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Non-Canadian Guarantors for purposes of Section 11.1 . 11.6 Instrument for the Payment of Money . Each Non-Canadian Guarantor hereby acknowledges that the guarantee in this Article XI constitutes an instrument for the payment of money, and consents and agrees that any Lender or Agent, at its sole option, in the event of a dispute by such Non-Canadian Guarantor in the payment of any moneys due hereunder, shall have the right to bring a motion-action under New York CPLR Section 3213. 11.7 Continuing Guarantee . 
 60 

 The guarantee in this Article XI is a continuing guarantee of payment, and shall apply to all Guaranteed Obligations whenever arising. 11.8 General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations . In any action or proceeding involving any applicable corporate, limited partnership or limited liability company law, or any applicable Debtor Relief Law, if the obligations of any Non-Canadian Guarantor under Section 11.1 would otherwise be held or determined to be void, voidable, invalid or unenforceable, or subordinated to the claims of any other creditors, on account of the amount of its liability under Section 11.1 , then, notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, the amount of such liability shall, without any further action by such Non-Canadian Guarantor, any Credit Party or any other person, be automatically limited and reduced to the highest amount (after giving effect to the right of contribution established in Section 11.10 that is valid and enforceable and not subordinated to the claims of other creditors as determined in such action or proceeding. 11.9 Release of Guarantors . If, in compliance with the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents, all or substantially all of the Equity Interests of any Non-Canadian Guarantor are sold or otherwise transferred (a Transferred Guarantor to a person or persons, none of which is Borrower or a Subsidiary, such Transferred Guarantor shall, upon the consummation of such sale or transfer, be automatically released from its obligations under this Agreement (including under Section 10.2 hereof) and its obligations to pledge and grant any Collateral owned by it pursuant to any Loan Document and the pledge of such Equity Interests to Agent pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be automatically released, and, so long as Borrower shall have provided Agent such certifications or documents as Agent shall reasonably request, Agent shall take such actions as are necessary to effect each release described in this Section 11.9 in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Loan Documents, so long as Borrower shall have provided Agent such certifications or documents as Agent shall reasonably request in order to demonstrate compliance with this Agreement. 11.10 Right of Contribution . Each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby agrees that to the extent that a Subsidiary Guarantor shall have paid more than its proportionate share of any payment made hereunder, such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution from and against any other Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder which has not paid its proportionate share of such payment. Each Subsidiary Guarantor s right of contribution shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 11.4 . The provisions of this Section 11.10 shall in no respect limit the obligations and liabilities of any Subsidiary Guarantor to Agent and the Lenders, and each Subsidiary Guarantor shall remain liable to Agent and the Lenders for the full amount guaranteed by such Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder. [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank, Next Page is Signature Page] 
 61 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement has been duly executed as of the date first written above. WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. , as Borrower and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP, L.L.C. , as Borrower and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP, L.L.C. , as Borrower and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES, LLC , as Borrower and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 WILLIAMS SPECIALTY SERVICES, LLC , as Borrower and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 WILLIAMS PLANT SERVICES, LLC , as Borrower and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 WILLIAMS GLOBAL SERVICES, INC. , as Borrower and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 CONSTRUCTION MAINTENANCE 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

PROFESSIONALS, LLC , as Borrower and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 GLOBAL POWER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES INC. , as Guarantor and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 GPEG, LLC , as Guarantor and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 STEAM ENTERPRISES LLC , as Guarantor and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 WISG CANADA LTD. , as Guarantor and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 WISG NUCLEAR LTD. , as Guarantor and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 WISG ELECTRICAL LTD. , as Guarantor and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

EICF AGENT LLC , as Agent for the Lenders By: Name: Title: 
 ENERGY IMPACT CREDIT FUND I LP , as a Lender By: Energy Impact Credit Fund I GP LLC, its general partner By: Name: Title: 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

CION INVESTMENT CORPORATION , as a Lender By: Name: Title: 
 MURRAY HILL FUNDING II, LLC , as a Lender By: Name: Title: 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

CROWDOUT CAPITAL LLC , as a Lender By: Name: Title: 
 CROWDOUT CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND LLC , as a Lender By: Name: Title: 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

SCHEDULE A DEFINITIONS Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall have (unless otherwise provided elsewhere in this Agreement or in the other Loan Documents) the following respective meanings: Acquisition Consideration shall mean the purchase consideration for any Permitted Acquisition and all other payments by any Credit Party in exchange for, or as part of, or in connection with, any Permitted Acquisition, whether paid in cash or by exchange of Equity Interests or of properties or otherwise and whether payable at or prior to the consummation of such Permitted Acquisition or deferred for payment at any future time, whether or not any such future payment is subject to the occurrence of any contingency, and includes any and all payments representing the purchase price and any assumptions of Indebtedness, earn-outs and other agreements to make any payment the amount of which is, or the terms of payment of which are, in any respect subject to or contingent upon the revenues, income, cash flow or profits (or the like) of any Person or business; provided that any such future payment that is subject to a contingency shall be considered Acquisition Consideration only to the extent of the reserve, if any, required under GAAP at the time of such sale to be established in respect thereof by any Credit Party. Act means the Small Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended and in effect from time to time, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Activation Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 3.26(e) . Adjusted Term SOFR shall mean, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment; provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than 1.0 , then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be 1.0 . Advances shall mean one or more Advances (as defined in the Revolving Loan Agreement) made by the lenders under the Revolving Loan Agreement, pursuant to the terms of the Revolving Loan Agreement, in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time not exceeding the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount (as defined in the Revolving Loan Agreement). Affected Lender has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.14(a) . Affiliate means, with respect to any Person: (i) each other Person that, directly or indirectly, owns or controls, whether beneficially, or as a trustee, guardian or other fiduciary, ten percent (10 or more of the Stock having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or (ii) each other Person that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person or any Affiliate of such Person. For the purpose of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of its management or policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. Agent means the Person identified as such in the preamble of this Agreement. Agreement means this Agreement including all appendices, exhibits or schedules attached or otherwise identified thereto, restatements and modifications and supplements thereto, and any appendices, exhibits or schedules to any of the foregoing, each as in effect at the time such reference becomes operative; provided , that except as specifically set forth in this Agreement, any reference to the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement shall be deemed a reference to the Disclosure Schedules as in effect on the Closing Date or in a written amendment thereto delivered by Borrower to Agent. Anti-Money Laundering Laws has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Anti-Money Laundering Measures has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Anti-Terrorism Laws has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . 
 SCHEDULE A - 1 

 Applicable Margin for any of the Term Loans, as of the Closing Date unless and until adjusted in accordance with the below, shall be equal to 9.0 per annum. Thereafter on a quarterly basis, effective as of the first Business Day of the Fiscal Quarter following receipt by Agent of the Compliance Certificate and Credit Parties quarterly financial statements required to be delivered under this Agreement for the previous Fiscal Quarter (each day of such delivery, a Delivery Date commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31, 2021, the Applicable Margin for the Term Loans shall be adjusted, if necessary, to the applicable percent per annum set forth in the pricing table set forth below corresponding to the Total Leverage Ratio for the trailing twelve (12) Fiscal Month period ending on the last day of the most recently completed Fiscal Quarter prior to the applicable Delivery Date (each such period, a Calculation Period ): TOTAL LEVERAGE RATIO APPLICABLE MARGIN Greater than or equal to 2.50:1.00 9.0 Less than 2.50:1.00 8.50 
 If Credit Parties shall fail to timely deliver the Compliance Certificate, financial statements, certificates and/or other information required under this Agreement, the Applicable Margin shall be conclusively presumed to equal the highest Applicable Margin specified in the pricing table set forth above for the period commencing on the required delivery date of such financial statements, certificates and/or other information until the delivery thereof. In the event that (a) any financial statement delivered pursuant to Section 4.1 or Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to this Agreement is shown to be inaccurate and (b) such inaccuracy if corrected, would have led to the application of a higher Applicable Margin for any period (an Applicable Period than the Applicable Margin applied for such Applicable Period, then (i) Borrower shall promptly (but in any event within three (3) Business Days after such inaccuracy has been shown) deliver to Agent a corrected Compliance Certificate for such Applicable Period, (ii) the Applicable Margin for such Applicable Period shall be the Applicable Margin corresponding to the information disclosed on the corrected Compliance Certificate, and (iii) Borrower shall immediately pay to Agent the accrued additional interest owing as a result of the application of such increased Applicable Margin for such Applicable Period, which payment shall be promptly applied by Agent. In the event that (c) any financial statement delivered pursuant to Section 4.1 or Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to this Agreement is shown to be inaccurate and (d) such inaccuracy if corrected, would have led to the application of a lower Applicable Margin for any Applicable Period than the Applicable Margin applied for such Applicable Period, then (I) Borrower shall promptly (but in any event within three (3) Business Days after such inaccuracy has been shown) deliver to Agent a corrected Compliance Certificate for such Applicable Period, (II) the Applicable Margin for such Applicable Period shall be the Applicable Margin corresponding to the information disclosed on the corrected Compliance Certificate, and (III) Borrower shall receive a credit toward any future interest payments in an amount equal to the excess interest paid by Borrower as a result of the application of such lower Applicable Margin provided that the corrected Compliance Certificate is delivered to Agent within sixty (60) days of the date originally due under Section 4.1 and after such sixty (60) day period, no credit shall be given. The rights of Agent set forth above shall survive the Termination Date and are in addition to rights of Agent and Lenders under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. Asset Sale shall mean (a) any conveyance, sale, lease, sublease, assignment, transfer or other disposition (including by way of merger, amalgamation or consolidation and including any sale and leaseback transaction) of any property excluding sales of inventory and dispositions of cash and cash equivalents, in each case, in the ordinary course of business, by any Credit Party and (b) any issuance or sale of any Equity Interests of any Credit Party, in each case, to any Person other than (i) Borrower, (ii) any other Credit Party or (iii) other than for purposes of Section 5.4 , any other Subsidiary. Assignee has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(a) . Assignment Agreement has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(a) . 
 SCHEDULE A - 2 

 Attributable Indebtedness shall mean, when used with respect to any sale and leaseback transaction, as at the time of determination, the present value (discounted at a rate equivalent to the applicable Borrower s then-current weighted average cost of funds for borrowed money as at the time of determination, compounded on a semi-annual basis) of the total obligations of the lessee for rental payments during the remaining term of the lease included in any such sale and leaseback transaction. Available Tenor shall mean, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor or interest period for such Benchmark that is not being used pursuant to Section 10.17(D). As of the date of this Agreement, the only Available Tenors are (a) for SOFR Loans, Adjusted Term SOFR based on Term SOFR with an interest period of 3 months, and (b) for Base Rate Loans under clause (d) of the definition of Base Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR for based on Term SOFR with an interest period of 1 month; provided, that Agent may select to use additional interest periods in accordance with the terms of Section 10.17(D) and such interest periods shall become Available Tenors upon such selection. Base Rate means, as of any date of determination, a variable rate of interest per annum equal to the highest of (a) two percent (2 ), (b) the Prime Rate as published by the Wall Street Journal as of such date of determination (or, if such rate ceases to be so published, as quoted from such other generally available and recognizable source as Agent may reasonably select), (c) the sum of (i) the Federal Funds Rate plus (ii) one-half of one percent (0.50 , and (d) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such day plus 1.00 . Base Rate Loans means Loans bearing interest at rates determined by reference to the Base Rate. Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 10.17. Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of: (x) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (1) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (2) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (y) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than 1.00 per annum, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be 1.00 per annum for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (x) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (y) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar- denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on 
 SCHEDULE A - 3 

 which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date . Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) , permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) , a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) , which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely ; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Start Date means in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (1) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (2) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). Benchmark Unavailability Period means, the period, if any, (x) beginning at the time that such Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 10.17 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document pursuant to Section 10.17. Blocked Accounts has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.26(a) . Board of Directors means, with respect to any Person, (i) in the case of any corporation or unlimited liability 
 SCHEDULE A - 4 

 corporation, the board of directors of such Person, (ii) in the case of any limited liability company, the sole member or manager or the board of managers of such Person, (iii) in the case of any partnership, the board of directors or the board of managers, as applicable, of the general partner of such Person and (iv) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. Books and Records means all books, records, board minutes, contracts, licenses, insurance policies, environmental audits, business plans, files, computer files, computer discs and other data and software storage and media devices, accounting books and records, financial statements (actual and pro forma), filings with Governmental Authorities and any and all records and instruments relating to the Collateral or each Grantor s business. Borrower means the Persons identified as such in the preamble of this Agreement. Borrowing Availability means the amounts available to be borrowed under Section 2.1(a) of the Revolving Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof without giving effect to any amendments or modifications thereto after the date hereof. Borrowing Base Certificate (and the definitions used in such term) shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Revolving Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof without giving effect to any amendments or modifications thereto after the date hereof, except to the extent permitted by the Intercreditor Agreement. Braden shall mean Braden Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Braden Mexico shall mean Braden Manufacturing SA de CV, a company formed under the laws of Mexico. BSA has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banks are required or permitted to be closed in the State of New York. Canadian Credit Party means WISG Canada, WISG Nuclear, WISG Electrical and each other Credit Party joined hereto from time to time who is formed or organized under the laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof. Canadian AML/Sanction Laws means Parts II.1, XII.2 and s. 354 of the Criminal Code (Canada), the Special Economic Measures Act (Canada), the United Nations Act (Canada), the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada), the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada), the Freezing Assets of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act (Canada), and the Justice for Victims of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act (Sergei Magnitsky Law) (Canada), in each case including all regulations promulgated thereunder and as amended from time to time. Canadian Insolvency Laws means any of the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), the Companies Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada), the Winding-up and Restructuring Act (Canada), and any other applicable insolvency or other similar law of Canada or any province or territory thereof relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, assignments for the benefit of creditors, formal or informal moratoria, compositions, compromises or extensions generally with creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, recapitalization, arrangement, dissolution, liquidation, winding-up or other similar relief (including, without limitation, the Canadian corporate statutes when relied upon in connection with any of the foregoing, unless the reorganization or arrangement does not compromise the claims of creditors). Canadian Pension Plan means each plan, program or arrangement that is a registered pension plan as such term is defined under subsection 248(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada) or is subject to the funding requirements of applicable pension benefits legislation in any Canadian jurisdiction which is maintained, sponsored, administered or contributed to by a Credit Party or Subsidiary thereof. Capital Assets means, with respect to any Person, all equipment, fixed assets and Real Property or improvements of such Person, or replacements or substitutions therefor or additions thereto, that, in accordance with GAAP, have been or should be reflected as additions to property, plant or equipment on the balance sheet of such Person. Capital Expenditures means, with respect to any Person, all expenditures made directly or indirectly by the Credit 
 SCHEDULE A - 5 

 Parties during such period for Capital Assets (whether paid in cash or other consideration, financed by the incurrence of Indebtedness or accrued as a liability). Capital Lease means, with respect to any Person, any lease of any property (whether real, personal or mixed) by such Person as lessee that, in accordance with GAAP, either would be required to be classified and accounted for as a capital lease on a balance sheet of such Person or otherwise would be disclosed as such in a note to such balance sheet, other than, in the case of Borrower, any such lease under which Borrower is the lessor; provided, no effect shall be given to any change to GAAP occurring after the Closing Date as a result of the adoption of any proposals set forth in the Proposed Accounting Standards Update, Leases (Topic 840), issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board on August 17, 2010, or any other proposals issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in connection therewith, in each case if such change would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) was not required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date. Capital Lease Obligation means, of any Person, the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as Capital Leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP, without giving effect to any change to GAAP as a result of the adoption of any proposals set forth in the Proposed Accounting Standards Update, Leases (Topic 840), issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board on August 17, 2010, or any other proposals issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in connection therewith, in each case if such change would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) was not required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date. Capital Provision Agreement means, collectively, (a) that certain Capital Provision Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2020, by and between Holdings and the capital providers thereunder identified on Disclosure Schedule (2) hereof (the Capital Providers ), pursuant to which the Capital Providers have agreed to extend financing to the Borrower for certain legal proceedings described on Disclosure Schedule (2) hereto (the Arbitration Proceeding and (b) that certain Security Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2020, by and between Holdings, as grantor and the Capital Providers, as secured parties, as each such agreement may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Capital Provision Documents means the Capital Provision Agreement and each agreement, document or instrument entered into between Holdings and the Capital Providers in connection with the foregoing. Captive Insurance Subsidiary means a wholly-owned Subsidiary of a Credit Party formed after the Closing Date that (a) provides bona fide risk-mitigation services for any Credit Party or the Credit Parties (and no other Persons), (b) is subject to regulation under applicable law as an insurance company, and (c) has been formed, and continues to be operated, because the Credit Parties have reasonably determined that either (1) the Credit Parties cannot find a third-party insurer to insure them against particular business risks that the insurance subsidiary provides insurance for, (2) the premiums paid to the insurance subsidiary result in material tax savings for the Credit Parties (taken on a consolidated basis), and/or (3) the insurance provided by the insurance subsidiary is more affordable, and/or offers better coverage (taken as a whole), than is available from a third-party insurer. Cash Equivalents means (a) any readily-marketable securities (i) issued by, or directly, unconditionally and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States or Canadian federal government or (ii) issued by any agency of the United States or Canadian federal government the obligations of which are fully backed by the full faith and credit of the United States or Canadian federal government, (b) any readily-marketable direct obligations issued by any other agency of the United States or Canadian federal government, any state of the United States, any province or territory of Canada, or any political subdivision of any such state, province or territory or any public instrumentality thereof, in each case having a rating of at least A-1 from S P or at least P-1 from Moody s, (c) any commercial paper rated at least A-1 by S P or P-1 by Moody s and issued by any Person organized under the laws of any state of the United States or under the laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof, (d) any Dollar-denominated or Canadian Dollar-denominated time deposit, insured certificate of deposit, overnight bank deposit or bankers acceptance issued or accepted by (i) any Lender or (ii) any commercial bank that is (A) organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, or under the laws of Canada, (B) adequately capitalized (as defined in the regulations of its primary federal banking regulators) and (C) has Tier 1 capital (as defined in such regulations) in excess of 250,000,000 and (e) shares of 
 SCHEDULE A - 6 

 any United States or Canadian money market fund that (i) has substantially all of its assets invested continuously in the types of investments referred to in clause (a) , (b) , (c) or (d) above with maturities as set forth in the proviso below, (ii) has net assets in excess of 500,000,000 and (iii) has obtained from either S P or Moody s the highest rating obtainable for money market funds in the United States or Canada; provided , however , that the maturities of all obligations specified in any of clauses (a) , (b) , (c) or (d) above shall not exceed 365 days. Cash Management System has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.26(a). Casualty Event shall mean any involuntary loss of title or ownership, any involuntary loss of, damage to or any destruction of, or any condemnation or other taking (including by any Governmental Authority) of, any property of a Credit Party. Casualty Event shall include but not be limited to any taking of all or any part of any Real Property of any Person or any part thereof, in or by condemnation or other eminent domain proceedings pursuant to any Requirement of Law, or by reason of the temporary requisition of the use or occupancy of all or any part of any Real Property of any Person or any part thereof by any Governmental Authority, civil or military, or any settlement in lieu thereof. Change of Control means any event, transaction or occurrence as a result of which: (a) any Person or group (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) (i) shall have acquired beneficial ownership of 35 or more on a fully diluted basis of the voting and/or economic interest in the Equity Interests of Holdings or (ii) shall have obtained the power (whether or not exercised) to elect a majority of the members of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of Holdings; (b) the majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors (or similar governing body) of Holdings cease to be occupied by Persons who either (i) were members of the board of directors of Holdings on the Closing Date, or (ii) were nominated for election by the board of directors of Holdings, a majority of whom were directors on the Closing Date or whose election or nomination for election was previously approved by a majority of such directors; (c) except with respect to Braden, Braden Mexico and any Inactive Subsidiary, in each case, to the extent permitted by this Agreement, the Borrower fails to own 100 (on a fully diluted basis) of the voting and economic interests of the Equity Interests of its Subsidiaries; or (d) a Change of Control or term of similar import shall occur under the Revolving Loan Agreement. Charges means all federal, state, provincial, territorial, county, city, municipal, local, foreign or other governmental taxes (including taxes owed to PBGC at the time due and payable), levies, customs or other duties, assessments, charges, liens, additional charges, interest, penalties, expenses, claims or encumbrances assessed or imposed by any Governmental Authority upon or relating to (i) the Collateral, (ii) the Obligations, (iii) the employees, payroll, income or gross receipts of any Credit Party, (iv) the ownership or use of any assets by any Credit Party, or (v) any other aspect of any Credit Party s business. Chubb Proceedings means the legal proceedings filed in October, 2020 against Chubb Group of Insurance Companies alleging the failure of Chubb to provide required insurance coverage for the payment of costs and expenses incurred by Holdings in connection with certain shareholder litigation and the prior restatement of its financial statements. Chief Executive Office means the chief executive office of any Credit Party as set forth on Disclosure Schedule 3.2 hereto. Closing Certificate means that certain closing certificate of Borrower delivered to Agent as of the Closing Date in substantially the form of Exhibit F. Closing Date means the Business Day on which the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2 have been satisfied or specifically waived in writing by Agent and the Term Loan has been made. Closing Date Term Loan Commitment means the commitment of each Lender under this Agreement to make or 
 SCHEDULE A - 7 

 otherwise fund its portion of the Closing Date Term Loan as set forth on Schedule B attached hereto. The aggregate amount of the Closing Date Term Loan Commitments as of the Closing Date is 35,000,000. Code means the Uniform Commercial Code as the same may, from time to time, be in effect in the State of New York; provided, that in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the attachment, perfection or priority of, or remedies with respect to, Agent s Lien on any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, the term Code shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions of this Agreement relating to such attachment, perfection, priority or remedies and for purposes of definitions related to such provisions; provided further , that to the extent that the Code is used to define any term herein or in any Loan Document and such term is defined differently in different Articles or Divisions of the Code, the definition of such term contained in Article or Division 9 shall govern. Collateral has the meaning assigned to it in Section 6.1 . Collateral Documents means, collectively, the Pledge Agreements, the Mortgages, each Control Agreement, and all other U.S. and foreign law security agreements, pledge agreements, patent, trademark and industrial design security agreements, lease assignments, guarantees and other similar agreements, and all amendments, restatements, modifications or supplements thereof or thereto, by or between any one or more of any Credit Party, any of their respective Subsidiaries or any other Person pledging or granting a Lien on Collateral or guaranteeing the payment and performance of the Obligations, and any Lender or Agent for the benefit of Agent and the Lenders now or hereafter delivered to the Lenders or Agent pursuant to or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and all financing statements (or comparable documents now or hereafter filed in accordance with the UCC, PPSA or any other applicable law) against any such Person as debtor in favor of any Lender or Agent for the benefit of Agent and the Lenders, as secured party, as any of the foregoing may be amended, restated and/or modified from time to time. Compliance Certificate means a compliance certificate in the form attached as Exhibit E hereto executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower relating to the consolidated financial performance of the Credit Parties. Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Business Day, the definition of Base Rate and the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day , the addition of a concept of interest period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate and to permit the use and administration thereof by Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Consolidated Amortization Expense shall mean, for any period, the amortization expense of the Credit Parties for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Depreciation Expense shall mean, for any period, the depreciation expense of the Credit Parties for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated EBITDA shall mean, for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period, adjusted by (x) adding thereto, in each case only to the extent (and in the same proportion) deducted in determining such Consolidated Net Income and without duplication, the following: (a) Consolidated Interest Expense for such period, (b) Consolidated Amortization Expense for such period, (c) Consolidated Depreciation Expense for such period, 
 SCHEDULE A - 8 

 (d) Consolidated Tax Expense for such period, (e) any non-cash expense, loss or charge for such period, including any non-cash write-downs or non-cash write-offs including fixed asset impairments or write-downs, intangible asset impairments and deferred tax asset write-offs (except to the extent that such non-cash expense, loss or charge is reserved for cash expense, loss or charge to be taken in any future period) of the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries for such period, (f) any extraordinary losses and unusual or non-recurring charges, in each case, in cash, including, without limitation, any severance, integration, facilities closing or relocation costs and curtailments or modifications to pension and post retirement employee benefit plans in an aggregate amount not to exceed 500,000 in any Fiscal Year, (g) non-cash stock compensation expense, (h) non-cash expenses recognized due to purchase accounting, (i) one-time, non-recurring, customary and documented costs and expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, execution and delivery of the Loan Documents in an aggregate amount not to exceed 4,850,000, (j) the aggregate amount of all other non-cash charges, expenses or losses reducing Consolidated Net Income (including for certainty all unrealized foreign exchange losses but excluding any non-cash charge, expense or loss that results in an accrual of a reserve for cash charges in any future period and any non-cash charge, expense or loss relating to write-offs, write-downs or reserves with respect to accounts or inventory) for such period, (k) non-recurring losses and expenses incurred in connection with projects executed in Jacksonville, Florida, one-time costs and expenses incurred in connection with the transmission and distribution business segment start-up, and costs and expenses arising out of the Champion/Powers litigation, in an aggregate amount not to exceed, (i) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2021, 264,190, (ii) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending September 30, 2021, 3,121,872, (iii) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31, 2021, 320,443, (iv) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31, 2022, 2,706,445, and (v) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2022, 1,521,379, and (y) subtracting therefrom the aggregate amount of all non-cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income (including for certainty all unrealized foreign exchange gains but excluding the accrual of revenue or recording of receivables in the ordinary course of business) for such period. Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any Permitted Acquisitions and Asset Sales (other than any dispositions in the ordinary course of business) consummated at any time on or after the first day of the measuring period and prior to the date of determination as if each such Permitted Acquisition had been effected on the first day of such period and as if each such Asset Sale had been consummated on the day prior to the first day of such period. Consolidated Fixed Charges means, for any period, the sum (without duplication) of (a) Consolidated Interest Expense, and (b) the aggregate amount of scheduled principal payments in respect of Indebtedness, including that portion of rental payments with respect to Capital Leases which is or should be applied as a reduction to the principal of such Capital Leases, determined on a consolidated basis for the Credit Parties and their respective Subsidiaries in conformity with GAAP. Consolidated Indebtedness shall mean, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount of all Indebtedness of the Credit Parties, and all letter of credit exposure of the Credit Parties under the Revolving Loan Agreement, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Interest Expense shall mean, for any period, the total consolidated interest expense of the Credit Parties 
 SCHEDULE A - 9 

 for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, excluding upfront financing fees paid under the Fee Letters or under the Revolving Loan Documents, plus , without duplication: (a) imputed interest on Capital Lease Obligations and Attributable Indebtedness of the Credit Parties for such period; (b) commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed by any Credit Party with respect to letters of credit securing financial obligations, bankers acceptance financing and receivables financings for such period; (c) amortization of debt issuance costs, debt discount or premium and other financing fees and expenses incurred by any Credit Party for such period; (d) cash contributions to any employee stock ownership plan or similar trust made by any Credit Party to the extent such contributions are used by such plan or trust to pay interest or fees to any Person (other than interest paid to Borrower or a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Borrower) in connection with Indebtedness incurred by such plan or trust for such period; (e) all interest paid or payable with respect to discontinued operations of any Credit Party for such period; (f) the interest portion of any deferred payment obligations of any Credit Party for such period; (g) all interest on any Indebtedness of the Credit Parties of the type described in clause (f) or (k) of the definition of Indebtedness for such period. Consolidated Interest Expense shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred for ordinary course working capital needs under ordinary course revolving credit facilities) incurred, assumed or permanently repaid or extinguished at any time on or after the first day of the measuring period and prior to the date of determination in connection with any Permitted Acquisitions and Asset Sales (other than any dispositions in the ordinary course of business) as if such incurrence, assumption, repayment or extinguishing had been effected on the first day of such period. Consolidated Net Income shall mean, for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of the Credit Parties determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP plus the net income (or loss) of the Permitted Joint Ventures; provided that there shall be excluded from such net income (to the extent otherwise included therein), without duplication: (a) the net income (or loss) of any Person (other than a Subsidiary of any Credit Party), including any Permitted Joint Venture, in which any Person other than a Credit Party or its Subsidiaries also has an ownership interest, except to the extent that cash in an amount equal to any such income has actually been received by such Credit Party or (subject to clause (b) below) any of its Subsidiaries during such period; (b) the net income of any Subsidiary of any Credit Party during such period to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary of that income is not permitted by operation of the terms of its Organizational Documents or any agreement, instrument or Requirement of Law applicable to that Subsidiary during such period; (c) any gain (or loss), together with any related provisions for taxes on any such gain (or the tax effect of any such loss), realized during such period by any Credit Party upon any Asset Sale (other than any dispositions in the ordinary course of business) by any Credit Party; (d) gains and losses due solely to fluctuations in currency values and the related tax effects determined in accordance with GAAP for such period; (e) earnings resulting from any reappraisal, revaluation or write-up of assets; (f) unrealized gains and losses with respect to Hedging Obligations for such period; and 
 SCHEDULE A - 10 

 (g) any extraordinary gain (or extraordinary loss), together with any related provision for taxes on any such gain (or the tax effect of any such loss), recorded or recognized by any Credit Party during such period. Consolidated Tax Expense shall mean, for any period, the tax expense of the Credit Parties, for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Working Capital shall mean, for any period, the working capital (current assets (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) minus current liabilities (other than Revolving Advances under the Revolving Loan Agreement and any of Borrower s current liabilities on such Revolving Advances and current maturities of long term Indebtedness) of the Credit Parties, for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Contingent Obligation shall mean, as to any Person, any obligation, agreement, understanding or arrangement of such Person guaranteeing or intended to guarantee any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations primary obligations of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent, (a) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor; (b) to advance or supply funds (i) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (ii) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor; (c) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation; (d) with respect to bankers acceptances, letters of credit and similar credit arrangements, until a reimbursement obligation arises (which reimbursement obligation shall constitute Indebtedness); or (e) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the holder of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof; provided , however , that the term Contingent Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business or any product warranties. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Contingent Obligation is made (or, if less, the maximum amount of such primary obligation for which such Person may be liable, whether singly or jointly, pursuant to the terms of the instrument evidencing such Contingent Obligation) or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder) as determined by such Person in good faith. Contractual Obligation means as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument, or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. Control Agreement means a deposit account control agreement and/or lock box agreement among any financial institution at which a Blocked Account is maintained, the Agent and the applicable Credit Party, which shall provide, among other things, that such financial institution executing such agreement has no rights of setoff or recoupment or any other claim against such Blocked Account other than for payment of its service fees and other charges directly related to the administration of such account, and shall give the Agent (i) in the case of Blocked Accounts at offices located in the United States, control of such Blocked Account as such term is defined in Section 9-104 of the Code, or (ii) in the case of Blocked Account at offices located in Canada, de facto control of such Blocked Accounts, in each case subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. Copyrights shall mean all of the following now owned or hereafter adopted or acquired by any Person: (i) all copyrights in any original work of authorship fixed in any tangible medium of expression, now known or later developed, all registrations and applications for registration of any such copyrights in the United States or any other country, including registrations, recordings and applications, and supplemental registrations, recordings, and applications in the United States Copyright Office and the Canadian Intellectual Property Office; and (ii) all Proceeds of the foregoing, including license royalties and proceeds of infringement suits, the right to sue for past, present and future infringements, all rights corresponding thereto throughout the world and all renewals and extensions thereof. Credit Parties means the Borrower and the Guarantors. Debt Issuance shall mean the incurrence by any Credit Party of any Indebtedness after the Closing Date (other than as permitted by Section 5.1 ). 
 SCHEDULE A - 11 

 Debtor Relief Laws means the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the Canadian Insolvency Laws, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States, Canada or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. Default means any Event of Default or any event that, with the passage of time or notice or both, would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. Default Rate has the meaning assigned to it in Section 1.5(c) . Delayed Draw Term Loan has the meaning assigned to it in Section 1.1(b). Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request means each Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request delivered to Agent in substantially the form of Exhibit J pursuant to Section 1.1(b). Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment means the maximum amount, if any, that each Lender under this Agreement may make or otherwise fund as Delayed Draw Term Loans, which maximum amount is set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule B or as otherwise documented by such Lender under the Loan Documents, as adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. The aggregate amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments as of the Closing Date is 15,000,000. Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date means the earliest of (a) the date on which the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments are terminated and have been reduced to zero (0), (b) the date on which the entire amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments has been borrowed, or (c) the date that is eighteen (18) months after the Closing Date. Delayed Draw Term Loan Funded Amount means, with respect to any Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan funded by such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender. Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender means each of those certain financial institutions set forth on Schedule B attached hereto that has a Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment as set forth on Schedule B hereto and such other financial institutions that may from time to time make a Delayed Draw Term Loan under the Loan Documents, and if at any time any Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender shall decide to assign or syndicate all or any of its Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment subject to Section 8(a) of this Agreement, such term shall include such assignee or such other members of the syndicate. Designated Person has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3.22(a) . Disqualified Capital Stock shall mean, with respect to any Person, any Equity Interest which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event, (a) matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Capital Stock), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, on or prior to the first anniversary of the Maturity Date, (b) is convertible into or exchangeable (unless at the sole option of the issuer thereof) for (i) debt securities or (ii) any Equity Interests referred to in (a) above, in each case at any time on or prior to the first anniversary of the Maturity Date, or (c) contains any repurchase obligation which may come into effect prior to payment in full of all Obligations; provided , however , that any Equity Interests that (x) would not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock but for provisions thereof giving holders thereof (or the holders of any security into or for which such Equity Interests is convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) the right to require the issuer thereof to redeem such Equity Interests upon the occurrence of a change in control or an asset sale occurring shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock or (y) are issued pursuant to a plan for the benefit of employees of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interests shall not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests solely because they may be required to be repurchased by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations (provided, further, that Credit Parties shall only be permitted to make redemptions and/or repurchases of such Equity Interests in accordance with the terms of Section 5.7). 
 SCHEDULE A - 12 

 Distributions shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Credit Party, all dividends, cash, options, warrants, rights, instruments, distributions, returns of capital or principal, income, interest, profits and other property, interests (debt or equity), or proceeds, including as a result of a split, revision, reclassification or other like change of the Pledged Securities, from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed to such Credit Party in respect of or in exchange for any or all of the Pledged Securities. Dollars or means lawful currency of the United States of America. Embargoed Person means any party that (i) is publicly identified on the most current list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons published by the OFAC or resides, is organized or chartered in a country or territory subject to OFAC sanctions or embargo programs or (ii) is publicly identified as prohibited from doing business with the United States under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the Trading With the Enemy Act, or any other Requirement of Law relating to terrorism, trade sanctions programs and embargoes, money-laundering or bribery. Environmental Laws means all federal, state, provincial, territorial and local laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations, now or hereafter in effect, and in each case as amended or supplemented from time to time, and any applicable judicial or administrative interpretation thereof relating to the regulation and protection of human health, safety, the environment and natural resources (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, wetlands, land surface or subsurface strata, wildlife, aquatic species and vegetation). Environmental Liabilities means all liabilities, obligations, responsibilities, remedial actions, removal costs, losses, damages of whatever nature, costs and expenses (including all reasonable fees, disbursements and expenses of counsel, experts and consultants and costs of investigation and feasibility studies), fines, penalties, sanctions and interest incurred as a result of any claim, suit, action or demand of whatever nature by any Person and which relate to any health or safety condition regulated under any Environmental Law, environmental permits or in connection with any Release, threatened Release, or the presence of a Hazardous Material. Equity Interest shall mean, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents, including membership interests (however designated, whether voting or nonvoting), of equity of such Person, including, if such Person is a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited) and any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of property of, such partnership, whether outstanding on the date hereof or issued after the Closing Date, but excluding debt securities convertible or exchangeable into such equity. Equity Issuance shall mean, without duplication, (i) any issuance or sale by Holdings after the Closing Date of any Equity Interests in Holdings (including any Equity Interests issued upon exercise of any warrant or option) or any warrants or options to purchase Equity Interests or (ii) any contribution to the capital of Holdings; provided , however , that an Equity Issuance shall not include (x) any Preferred Stock Issuance or Debt Issuance, (y) any such sale or issuance by Holdings of not more than an aggregate amount of five percent (5.0 of its Equity Interests (including its Equity Interests issued upon exercise of any option, warrant, convertible security or option or warrants or options to purchase its Equity Interests but excluding Disqualified Capital Stock), in each case, to directors, officers or employees of any Credit Party and (z) any Excluded Issuance. ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (or any successor legislation thereto), as amended from time to time, and any regulations promulgated thereunder. ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with any Credit Party, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the IRC, or, solely for the purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the IRC, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the IRC. ERISA Event shall mean (a) any reportable event , as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) the existence with respect to any Plan of an accumulated funding deficiency (as referenced in Section 412 of the IRC or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412 of the IRC or Section 303 of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any material liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any 
 SCHEDULE A - 13 

 Plan; (e) the receipt by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan in an involuntary termination proceeding; (f) the incurrence by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability with respect to any withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. Event of Default has the meaning assigned to it in Section 7 .1. Excess Cash Flow means, with respect to any period, (a) the sum of (i) Consolidated EBITDA plus (ii) decreases in Consolidated Working Capital during such period, minus (b) the sum of (i) Capital Expenditures (excluding the financed portion thereof and excluding any Capital Expenditures in such Fiscal Year to the extent in excess of the amount permitted to be made in such Fiscal Year pursuant to the Loan Documents), plus (ii) Consolidated Interest Expense paid or accrued (excluding any original issue discount, interest paid in kind or amortized debt discount, to the extent included in Consolidated Interest Expense) and scheduled principal payments paid or payable in respect of funded debt, plus (iii) increases in Consolidated Working Capital during such period; plus (iv) income and franchise taxes of Borrower and its Subsidiaries that were paid in cash during such period; plus or minus (as the case may be) (c) extraordinary gains or losses for such period which are cash items not included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income. Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. Excluded Accounts shall mean (a) any Deposit Account that is used solely for payroll, payroll taxes, other employee wage and benefit payments, or other fiduciary purposes , (b) any Excluded ZBA Disbursement Accounts, and (c) (i) only until and including, but not after, February 1, 2023 (or such later date as agreed to by Agent in its sole discretion), any Excluded Canadian Accounts and the Specified Canadian Account, and (ii) only until and including, but not after, June 30, 2023 (or such later date as agreed to by Agent in its sole discretion), the Specified Canadian Account. Excluded Asset means each of the following assets of a Credit Party provided , the term Excluded Asset shall not at any time include (x) the Proceeds, products, substitutions or replacements of any such asset or (y) any asset that at any time ceases to satisfy the criteria to constitute an Excluded Asset (whether as a result of any Credit Party obtaining any applicable consent, any regulatory change, or otherwise)): (a) any leasehold interest in Real Property and any fee-owned Real Property other than Material Owned Real Property; (b) until such date as all Secured Obligations (as such term is defined in the Capital Provision Agreement as in effect as of the Closing Date) have been satisfied in full and the Capital Provision Agreement has been terminated, the Collateral, as such term is defined in the Capital Provision Agreement in effect on the Closing Date, in which the Borrower previously has granted a security interest to the Capital Providers in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding (as such term is defined in the definition of Capital Provision Agreement); provided, however, it is understood and agreed that in the event any amounts are paid to the Borrower in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding, whether pursuant to an arbitration award, settlement of the Arbitration Proceeding or otherwise (collectively, an Arbitration Recovery ), the Proceeds of such Arbitration Recovery (calculated after giving effect to the payment of all obligations owing by the Borrower to the litigation finance partner pursuant to written agreements between the Borrower and such litigation finance partner, costs, fees and expenses incurred or payable by the Borrower in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding, including, without limitation, all legal costs and disbursements incurred or made by the Borrower in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding) shall not, for the avoidance of doubt, constitute Excluded Assets and Agent shall have a Lien on such Proceeds; provided, that the priority of any Lien of Agent on such Proceeds shall be subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement; 
 SCHEDULE A - 14 

 (c) any lease, license, contract, property right or agreement to which any Credit Party is a party or any of its rights or interests thereunder if and for so long as the grant of the security interest to Agent with respect thereto is prohibited by applicable law; provided that such asset shall no longer be an Excluded Asset immediately at such time the grant of a security interest therein shall no longer be prohibited by applicable law; (d) property subject to a purchase money security agreement or Capital Lease to the extent and for so long as (i) the documentation providing for such purchase money indebtedness or capital lease prohibits the creation of a lien on such assets or (ii) otherwise requires consent (unless such consent has been obtained (it being understood that there shall be no obligation to obtain such consent)); provided that such assets shall no longer be an Excluded Asset immediately at such time as the contractual prohibition, or consent right, shall no longer be applicable and to the extent severable, shall attach immediately to any portion of such assets that is not subject to such prohibition or consent right, (e) any lease, license, contract, property right or agreement to which any Credit Party is a party, in each case in existence on the Closing Date or upon acquisition of the relevant Subsidiary party thereto, or any of its rights or interests thereunder: (i) if and for so long as the grant of the security interest to Agent with respect thereto (A) shall constitute or result in the abandonment, invalidation or unenforceability of any right, title or interest of any Credit Party therein, (B) shall constitute or result in a breach, default or termination pursuant to the terms thereof, other than to the extent that any such term would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law or principles of equity, or (C) otherwise requires consent thereunder (unless such consent has been obtained (it being understood that there shall be no obligation to obtain such consent)); and (ii) such prohibition, termination right or consent requirement is not entered into in contemplation of the Loan Documents; provided that such asset shall no longer be an Excluded Asset immediately at such time as the condition causing such abandonment, invalidation, unenforceability, breach, default or termination shall be remedied and to the extent severable, shall attach immediately to any portion of such asset that does not result in any of the consequences specified herein; (f) any intent-to-use trademark application, filed pursuant to Section 1(b) of the Lanham Act, 17 USC. 1051(b), prior to the filing of a Statement of Use or Amendment to Allege Use with respect thereto (as each is defined in such act), to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant of the security interest of Agent with respect thereto would impair the validity or enforceability of such intent-to-use trademark application or any registration that issues from such intent-to-use application under applicable federal law; (g) other than as specifically provided in this definition, any asset with respect to which Agent shall have reasonably determined in good faith that the burden or cost of obtaining a security interest in such asset exceeds the practical benefit to the Agent and secured parties of the security to be afforded thereby. Excluded Accounts shall mean any Deposit Account that is used solely for payroll, payroll taxes, other employee wage and benefit payments, or other fiduciary purposes . Canadian Accounts means the bank accounts of the Credit Parties with TD Canada Trust with account numbers as previously identified to Agent in writing with account numbers ending 5616, 2137, 1733, 1806, 1865, 1698, 1701, 4948 and 1951. Excluded Issuance shall mean an issuance and sale of Qualified Capital Stock of Holdings, to the extent such Qualified Capital Stock is used, or the Net Cash Proceeds thereof shall be, within forty-five (45) days of the consummation of such issuance and sale, used, without duplication, to finance Capital Expenditures. Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes; (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. or Canadian federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 1.7 , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office; (c) Taxes attributable to 
 SCHEDULE A - 15 

 such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 8(b) ; (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA; and (e) taxes imposed under Part XIII of the Income Tax Act (Canada) on amounts paid by a Canadian Credit Party that arise as a consequence of the recipient of the payment (i) not dealing at arm s length (within the meaning of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) with the Canadian Credit Party, (ii) being a specified non-resident shareholder (within the meaning of subsection 18(5) of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) of the Canadian Credit Party, or (iii) not dealing at arm s length (within the meaning of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) with a specified shareholder (within the meaning of subsection 18(5) of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) of the Canadian Credit Party. Excluded ZBA Disbursement Accounts has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 3.26(b). Executive Orders has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Existing Letters of Credit means those letters of credit outstanding as of the Closing Date and set forth on Disclosure Schedule (5.1) , issued by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association for the account of Holdings or its Subsidiaries. Extraordinary Receipts means any cash received by or paid to or for the account of any Credit Party not in the ordinary course of business (and not consisting of any Proceeds described in any of Section 1.2(c) through (f) ), including Proceeds from the Arbitration Recovery, the Chubb Proceedings and/or the Koontz-Wagner Bankruptcy Proceedings, life insurance proceeds, purchase price and other monetary adjustments made in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or other acquisition permitted under the Loan Documents and/or indemnification payments made in connection with any such Permitted Acquisition or acquisition of substantially all of the assets or Equity Interests of another Person; provided , that Extraordinary Receipt shall exclude (a) working capital adjustments in connection with any such Permitted Acquisition or acquisition, and (b) indemnification payments received by any Credit Party pertaining to any such Permitted Acquisition or acquisition to the extent that the amounts so received are applied (within 90 days after receipt) for the purpose of remedying the condition giving rise to the claim for indemnification. FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the IRC, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the IRC and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the IRC. Fee Letters has the meaning assigned to it in Section 1.6 . Fees means any and all fees due to Agent as set forth in Section 1.6 . Financial Statements means, with respect to any Person, the income statement, balance sheet and statement of cash flows of such Person, prepared for the time period specified and prepared in accordance with GAAP setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for such time period the previous year, certified by a Responsible Officer as being fairly stated in all material respects. Fiscal Month means any of the monthly accounting periods of Borrower. Fiscal Quarter means any of the quarterly accounting periods of Borrower. Fiscal Year means the twelve (12) month period of Borrower ending December 31 of each year. Subsequent changes of the fiscal year of Borrower shall not change the term Fiscal Year unless Agent shall consent in writing to such change. Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, with respect to any Person for any measuring period of twelve (12) Fiscal Months, the ratio of (a) (i) Consolidated EBITDA for such measuring period minus (ii) Capital Expenditures for such measuring period (other than any Capital Expenditures financed by the incurrence of Indebtedness permitted under this Agreement), minus (iii) United States, Canadian, state, provincial, local and foreign taxes paid by such Person in cash during such period, minus (iv) any Restricted Payments to the extent actually made (provided that this clause shall not impair or modify any restriction on the making of a Restricted Payment that is not permitted to be made under this Agreement or the Loan Documents) during such period, minus (v) payments on the Permitted Koontz-Wagner Pension 
 SCHEDULE A - 16 

 Plan Obligations to the extent actually made (provided that this clause (vi) shall not impair or modify any restriction on the making of a payment that is not permitted to be made under this Agreement or the Loan Documents), minus (vii) investments in Permitted Joint Ventures in accordance with Section 5.3 paid by such Person during such period, to (b) Consolidated Fixed Charges for such measuring period; provided that: (A) the Consolidated EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2020 and September 30, 2020 shall be deemed to be 4,988,638 and 4,053,202, respectively; (B) all amounts under this definition (other than as set forth in clause (A) above) for the trailing twelve (12) Fiscal Month period ending March 31, 2021, shall mean all such amounts during the period from December 31, 2020 to March 31, 2021, multiplied by 4; (C) all amounts under this definition (other than as set forth in clause (A) above) for the trailing twelve (12) Fiscal Month period ending June 30, 2021, shall mean all such amounts during the period from December 31, 2020 to June 30, 2021, multiplied by 2; and (D) all amounts under this definition (other than as set forth in clause (A) above) for the trailing twelve (12) Fiscal Month period ending September 30, 2021, shall mean all such amounts during the period from December 31, 2020 to September 30, 2021, multiplied by 12/9. Foreign Lender shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 8(b)(ii) . Foreign Subsidiary means a Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia or Canada or any province or territory thereof. Formula Amount (and the definitions used in such term) shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Revolving Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof without giving effect to any amendments or modifications thereto after the date hereof, except to the extent permitted by the Intercreditor Agreement. GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as in effect from time to time, consistently applied. Governmental Authority means any nation or government, any state, province, territory or other political subdivision thereof, and any agency, department or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government. GPEG means GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Grantor means Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor. Guaranteed Indebtedness means, as to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing any indebtedness, lease, dividend, or other obligation primary obligations of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, including any obligation or arrangement of such guaranteeing Person (whether or not contingent): (i) to purchase or repurchase any such primary obligation; (ii) to advance or supply funds (a) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (b) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency or any balance sheet condition of the primary obligor; (iii) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation; or (iv) to indemnify the owner of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof. Guaranteed Obligations shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 11.1 . Guarantees shall mean the guarantees issued pursuant to Article XI by Holdings and the Subsidiary Guarantors. Guarantors means Holdings and the Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 SCHEDULE A - 17 

 Hazardous Material means any substance, material or waste that is regulated by or forms the basis of liability now or hereafter under, any Environmental Law, including any material or substance that is (a) defined as a solid waste, hazardous waste, hazardous material, hazardous substance, extremely hazardous waste, restricted hazardous waste, pollutant, contaminant, hazardous constituent, special waste, toxic substance or other similar term or phrase under any Environmental Law, (b) petroleum or any fraction or by-product thereof, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), or any radioactive substance. Hedging Agreement shall mean any swap, cap, collar, forward purchase or similar agreements or arrangements dealing with interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices, either generally or under specific contingencies. Hedging Obligations shall mean obligations under or with respect to Hedging Agreements. Inactive Subsidiary shall mean each of GPEG, Power and Steam. Indebtedness of any Person shall mean, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or advances; (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments; (c) all obligations of such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid or accrued, other than trade accounts payable, taxes and utility charges incurred in the ordinary course of business on customary terms and not overdue by more than 120 days, except, in the case of such accounts payable overdue by more than 120 days, such accounts payable are being contested in good faith and reserves have been made; (d) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property purchased by such Person to the extent of the value of such property (other than customary reservations or retentions of title under agreements with suppliers entered into in the ordinary course of business); (e) all obligations of such Person issued or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding (i) trade accounts payable and accrued obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business on normal trade terms and not overdue by more than 120 days, except for accounts payable being contested in good faith and for which reserves have been made, (ii) any earn-out obligation until such obligation is due and payable and (iii) deferred or equity compensation arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business and payable to directors, officers and employees made in accordance with Section 5.7(vii)); (f) all Indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) of others secured by any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the obligations secured thereby have been assumed, but limited to the fair market value of such property; (g) all Capital Lease Obligations, Purchase Money Obligations and synthetic lease obligations of such Person; (h) all Hedging Obligations to the extent required to be reflected on a balance sheet of such Person; (i) all Attributable Indebtedness of such Person; (j) all obligations of such Person for the reimbursement of any obligor in respect of letters of credit, letters of guarantee, bankers acceptances and similar credit transactions; (k) the principal balance outstanding under any synthetic lease, off-balance sheet loan or similar off-balance sheet financing product; (l) all obligations, whether or not contingent, to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise acquire for value any of its own Stock or Stock Equivalents (or any Stock or Stock Equivalent of a direct or indirect parent entity thereof) prior to the date that is 180 days after the Stated Maturity Date valued at, in the case of redeemable preferred Stock, the greater of the voluntary liquidation preference and the involuntary liquidation preference of such Stock plus accrued and unpaid dividends; and (m) all Contingent Obligations of such Person in respect of Indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (a) through (l) above. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except (other than in the case of general partner liability) to the extent that terms of such Indebtedness expressly provide that such Person is not liable therefor. Indemnified Liabilities and Indemnified Person have the respective meanings assigned to them in Section 1.10 . Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. Industrial Design means, with respect to any Person and throughout the world, all of the following now owned or hereafter acquired by such Person: (i) all industrial designs, intangibles of like nature and any work subject to the design laws of Canada or any other country, (ii) all registrations and applications for registrations of any such industrial designs in Canada or any other country, including registrations in the Canadian Intellectual Property Office, (iii) income, fees, 
 SCHEDULE A - 18 

 royalties, damages, claims and payments now and hereafter due or payable under and with respect thereto, including payments under all licenses entered into in connection therewith and damages and payments for past, present, or future infringements thereof, (iv) the right to sue for past, present, and future infringements thereof, and (v) rights corresponding thereto throughout the world. Insurance Requirements means, collectively, all provisions of the insurance policies, all requirements of the issuer of any of the insurance policies and all orders, rules, regulations and any other requirements of the National Board of Fire Underwriters (or any other body exercising similar functions) binding upon each Credit Party which is an owner of Mortgaged Property and applicable to the Mortgaged Property or any use or condition thereof. Intellectual Property means any and all Licenses, Patents, Copyrights, Trademarks, Industrial Designs, trade secrets and customer lists. Intercreditor Agreement means that certain Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of even date herewith, among Agent and the Revolving Agent, as amended from time to time in accordance with its terms. IRC and IRS mean respectively, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Internal Revenue Service, and any successors thereto. Joinder Agreement means each Joinder Agreement of a new Subsidiary delivered to the Agent after the Closing Date in substantially the form of Exhibit H pursuant to Sections 1.12 and 3.28(b) . Judgment Conversion Date has the meaning given to such term in Section 10.19 . Judgment Currency has the meaning given to such term in Section 10.19 . Lender means each of those certain financial institutions set forth on Schedule B attached hereto, and if at any time any Lender shall decide to assign or syndicate all or any of the Obligations subject to Section 8(a) of this Agreement, such term shall include such assignee or such other members of the syndicate. Liabilities means all claims, actions, suits, judgments, damages, losses, liability, obligations, responsibilities, fines, penalties, sanctions, costs, fees, taxes, commissions, charges, disbursements and expenses, in each case of any kind or nature (including interest accrued thereon or as a result thereto and fees, charges and disbursements of financial, legal and other advisors and consultants), whether joint or several, whether or not indirect, contingent, consequential, actual, punitive, treble or otherwise. LIBOR means, for each Fiscal Quarter, the greater of (a) one percent (1.0 per annum and (b) the offered rate per annum for deposits of Dollars for an interest period of 3 months that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR 01 Page as of 11:00 A.M. (London, England time) two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of each Fiscal Quarter or, for the period from the Closing Date until the end of the first Fiscal Quarter after the Closing Date, prior to the Closing Date, or if no such offered rate exists, such rate will be the rate of interest per annum, as determined by Agent at which deposits of Dollars in immediately available funds are offered at 11:00 A.M. (London, England time) two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of each Fiscal Quarter by major financial institutions reasonably satisfactory to Agent in the interbank market for such Fiscal Quarter for the applicable principal amount on such date of determination. LIBOR shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 10.17 of this Agreement. Licenses shall mean, with respect to each Grantor, all license and distribution agreements with, and covenants not to sue, any other party with respect to any Patent, Trademark, Copyright or Industrial Design or any other patent, trademark, copyright or industrial design, whether such Grantor is a licensor or licensee, distributor or distributee under any such license or distribution agreement, together with any and all (i) renewals, extensions, supplements and continuations thereof, (ii) income, fees, royalties, damages, claims and payments now and hereafter due and/or payable thereunder and with respect thereto including damages and payments for past, present or future infringements or violations thereof, (iii) rights to sue for past, present and future infringements or violations thereof and (iv) other rights to use, exploit or practice any or all of the Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights or Industrial Design or any other patent, trademark, copyright or industrial design. 
 SCHEDULE A - 19 

 Lien means any mortgage, security deed or deed of trust, deemed trust (statutory or otherwise), pledge, hypothecation, hypothec, assignment, deposit arrangement, lien, charge, claim, security interest, security title, easement or encumbrance, or preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any lease or title retention agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the filing of, or agreement to give, any financing statement perfecting a security interest under the Code, the PPSA or comparable law of any jurisdiction). Liquidity means, as of any date of determination, the sum of (a) Credit Parties unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents, plus (B) Borrowing Availability under the Revolving Credit Agreement, Lists has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Litigation means any claim, lawsuit, litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority. Loan has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.1 . Loan Documents means this Agreement, each Note, the Guarantee, each Mortgage (if any), the Pledge Agreement, the Control Agreements, the Fee Letters, each Power of Attorney, any waiver or consent of a landlord or mortgagee executed in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, and all other agreements, instruments, documents and certificates identified in Schedule D executed and delivered to, and in favor of, Agent and including all other agreements, pledges, consents, assignments, contracts and notices whether heretofore, now or hereafter executed by or on behalf of any Credit Party, or any employee of any Credit Party, and delivered to, and in favor of, Agent in connection with the Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby. Any reference in the Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, and shall refer to the Agreement or such Loan Document as the same may be in effect at any and all times such reference becomes operative. Mandatory Prepayments has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.2(b) . Margin Stock has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.8 . Material Adverse Effect means a fact, event, circumstance or other effect that, alone or with other facts, events, circumstances or other effects that (a) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change in the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, assets, liabilities (contingent or otherwise) or properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) impairs, or could reasonably be expected to impair, the ability of the Credit Parties to make any payment or perform any of their other obligations under the Loan Documents or the ability of the Agent or any Lender to enforce its rights and remedies under the Loan Documents, (c) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, in a material adverse effect on the liens, including the priority thereof, granted by the Credit Parties in the assets of the Credit Parties or (d) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a material adverse effect on the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document. Material Holder means, with respect to any Credit Party, (a) any Person that owns or has the power to vote 25 or more of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Credit Party or other Persons performing similar functions for such Credit Party, or (b) any Person that has the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Credit Party whether by ownership of equity interests, contract or otherwise. Material Owned Real Property means (a) the Real Property owned by any Credit Party listed in the Perfection Certificate dated as of the Closing Date and (b) any other Real Property owned by a Credit Party or acquired by a Credit Party with a fair market value in excess of 1,000,000. Maturity Date means, with respect to the Term Loan, the earliest to occur of (i) the date of the termination of the acceleration of the maturity of any Obligations pursuant to Section 7.2 and (ii) the Stated Maturity Date. Maximum Lawful Rate has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.5(e) . 
 SCHEDULE A - 20 

 Maximum Priority Revolving Loan Debt has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Intercreditor Agreement. Mortgage means any mortgage or deed of trust from the relevant Credit Party in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders relating to such Credit Party s real property owned as of the Closing Date, if any, and any other mortgage or deed of trust delivered to the Agent pursuant to Section 3 .28. Mortgaged Property shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Mortgages. Multiemployer Plan shall mean a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) or Section 3(37) of ERISA (a) to which any Grantor or any ERISA Affiliate is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions; (b) to which any Grantor or any ERISA Affiliate has within the preceding five plan years made contributions; or (c) with respect to which any Grantor could incur liability. Net Cash Proceeds shall mean: (a) with respect to any Asset Sale (other than any issuance or sale of Equity Interests), the cash proceeds received by any Credit Party (including cash proceeds subsequently received (as and when received by any Credit Party) in respect of non-cash consideration initially received) net of (i) selling expenses (including reasonable brokers fees or commissions, legal, accounting and other professional and transactional fees, transfer and similar taxes and Credit Party s good faith estimate of income taxes actually paid or payable in connection with such sale); (ii) amounts provided as a reserve, in accordance with GAAP, against (x) any liabilities under any indemnification obligations associated with such Asset Sale or (y) any other liabilities retained by any Credit Party associated with the properties sold in such Asset Sale provided that, to the extent and at the time any such amounts are released from such reserve, such amounts shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds); (iii) Credit Party s good faith estimate of payments required to be made with respect to unassumed liabilities relating to the properties sold within ninety (90) days of such Asset Sale provided that, to the extent such cash proceeds are not used to make payments in respect of such unassumed liabilities within ninety (90) days of such Asset Sale, such cash proceeds shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds); and (iv) the principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts on any Indebtedness for borrowed money which is secured by a Lien on the properties sold in such Asset Sale (so long as such Lien was permitted to encumber such properties under the Loan Documents at the time of such sale) and which is repaid with such proceeds (other than any such Indebtedness assumed by the purchaser of such properties); (b) with respect to any Debt Issuance, any Equity Issuance or any other issuance or sale of Equity Interests by any Credit Party (other than to another Credit Party), the cash proceeds thereof, net of customary fees, commissions, costs and other expenses incurred in connection therewith (including reasonable attorney s, accountant s and other similar professional advisor s fees); and (c) with respect to any Casualty Event, the cash insurance proceeds, condemnation awards and other compensation received in respect thereof, net of all reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection with the collection of such proceeds, awards or other compensation in respect of such Casualty Event. Non-Funding Lender has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.13 . Note means any Term Note. NQAP License means all rights, permits, licenses, approvals and privileges (including all Permits) granted to a Person from time to time in connection with a Nuclear Quality Assurance Plan. NRC License means all rights, permits, licenses, approvals and privileges (including all Permits) granted to a Person from time to time by the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Obligations means all loans, advances, debts, expense reimbursement, fees, liabilities, and obligations for the performance of covenants, tasks or duties or for payment of monetary amounts (whether or not such performance is then 
 SCHEDULE A - 21 

 required or contingent, or amounts are liquidated or determinable) owing by Borrower and any other Credit Party to the Lenders arising under any of the Loan Documents, of any kind or nature, present or future, and all covenants and duties regarding such amounts. This term includes all principal, interest, Fees, Charges, expenses, attorneys fees and any other sum chargeable to Borrower under any of the Loan Documents (including interest accruing at the then applicable rate provided in this Agreement after the maturity of the Loan, and Fees, Charges, costs, expenses and interest accruing at the then applicable rate provided in this Agreement after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest or a claim for such Fees, Charges, costs and expense is allowed in such proceeding), and all principal and interest due in respect of the Loan and all obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor under any Guarantee. OFAC has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . OFAC Laws and Regulations has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Officers Certificate means a certificate executed by the chairman of the Board of Directors (if an officer), the Chief Executive Officer or the president and one of the Responsible Officers, each in his or her official (and not individual) capacity. Organization Charts has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(s) . Organizational Documents shall mean, with respect to any Person, (i) in the case of any corporation or unlimited liability corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation, as applicable, and by-laws (or similar documents) of such Person, (ii) in the case of any limited liability company, the certificate of formation and operating agreement (or similar documents) of such Person, (iii) in the case of any limited partnership, the certificate of formation and limited partnership agreement (or similar documents) of such Person, (iv) in the case of any general partnership, the partnership agreement (or similar document) of such Person and (v) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. Other Lists has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment. Ownership Interests means, as applied to any Person, corporate stock and any and all securities, shares, partnership interests (whether general, limited, special or other), limited liability company interests, membership interests, equity interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated and of any character) of corporate stock of such Person or any of the foregoing issued by such Person (whether a corporation, a partnership, a limited liability company or another entity) and shall include securities convertible into Ownership Interests and rights, warrants or options to acquire Ownership Interests. Participant has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(a) . Participant Register has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(a) . Patents means all of the following in which any Person now holds or hereafter acquires any interest: (i) all letters patent and patents of the United States or any other country, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications for letters patent and patents of the United States or any other country, including registrations, recordings and applications in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the Canadian Intellectual Property Office or in any similar office or 
 SCHEDULE A - 22 

 agency of the United States, any State or Territory thereof, or any other country; and (ii) all reissues, continuations, continuations-in-part or extensions thereof. Payment Date has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.1 . PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor thereto. Perfection Certificate means a certificate in the form of Exhibit A attached to this Agreement or any other form approved by the Agent, as the same shall be supplemented from time to time. Permit means, with respect to any Person, any permit, approval, authorization, license, registration, certificate, concession, grant, franchise, variance or permission from, and any other Contractual Obligations with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law and applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. Permitted Acquisition shall mean any transaction for the (a) acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets or property of any Person, or of any business or division of any Person; or (b) acquisition (including by merger or consolidation) of the Equity Interests of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after giving effect to such transaction; provided that each of the following conditions shall be met: (i) no Default then exists or would result therefrom; (ii) the Credit Parties shall have delivered to Agent a pro forma balance sheet, pro forma financial statements and a Compliance Certificate demonstrating that, both before and after giving effect to such transaction on a Pro Forma Basis, (A) Holdings and its Subsidiaries shall be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 4.2 as of the most recent Measuring period (assuming (x) for purposes of Section 4 .2, that such transaction, and all other Permitted Acquisitions consummated since the first day of the relevant measuring period ending on or prior to the date of such transaction, had occurred on the first day of such relevant measuring period and (y) if such transaction is to be consummated prior to the last day of the first measuring period for which the covenants in Section 4.2 are required to be satisfied, the levels required for such first measuring period shall be deemed to apply in determining compliance with such covenants for purposes of this clause (A)) , (B) the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed 3.25:1.00 (with such Total Leverage Ratio calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as described in the immediately preceding clause (A)) and (C) the Borrower shall have Undrawn Availability (as defined in the Revolving Loan Agreement) of not less than 7,500,000; (iii) no Credit Party shall, in connection with any such transaction, assume or remain liable with respect to any Indebtedness or other liability (including any material tax or ERISA liability) of the related seller or the business, Person or properties acquired, except obligations not constituting Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business and necessary or desirable to the continued operation of the underlying properties, and any other such liabilities or obligations not permitted to be assumed or otherwise supported by any Credit Party hereunder shall be paid in full or released as to the business, persons or properties being so acquired on or before the consummation of such acquisition; (iv) the Person or business to be acquired shall be, or shall be engaged in, a business of the type that the Credit Parties are permitted to be engaged in under Section 5.6 and the property acquired in connection with any such transaction shall be made subject to the Lien of the Loan Documents and shall be free and clear of any Liens, other than Permitted Liens; (v) with respect to the acquisition of Equity Interests, the Person to be acquired shall (i) have a positive Consolidated EBITDA, calculated in accordance with GAAP immediately prior to such acquisition, (ii) be added as a Borrower or a Guarantor in accordance with Section 3.28 and be jointly and severally liable for all Obligations, and (iii) grant to Agent a first priority Lien in all of its assets; (vi) if such acquisition includes general partnership interests or any other Equity Interest that does not have a corporate (or similar) limitation on liability of the owners thereof, then such acquisition shall be 
 SCHEDULE A - 23 

 effected by having such Equity Interests acquired by a corporate holding company directly or indirectly wholly-owned by a Credit Party and newly formed for the sole purpose of effecting such acquisition; (vii) the Board of Directors of the Person to be acquired shall have approved the acquisition; (viii) all transactions in connection therewith shall be consummated in accordance with all applicable Requirements of Law; (ix) unless the Agent shall otherwise agree, Borrower shall have provided the Agent with (A) historical Financial Statements for the last three Fiscal Years (or, if less, the number of years since formation) of the Person or business to be acquired (audited if available without undue cost or delay) and unaudited Financial Statements thereof for the most recent interim period which are available, (B) reasonably detailed projections for the succeeding three years pertaining to the Person or business to be acquired and updated projections for Borrower after giving effect to such transaction, (C) a reasonably detailed description of all material information relating thereto and copies of all material documentation pertaining to such transaction, and (D) all such other information and data relating to such transaction or the Person or business to be acquired as may be reasonably requested by the Agent; (x) at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed date of consummation of the transaction, Borrower shall have delivered to the Agent an Officer s Certificate certifying that (A) such transaction complies with this definition (which shall have attached thereto reasonably detailed backup data and calculations showing such compliance), and (B) such transaction could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and (xi) the aggregate amount of the Acquisition Consideration for all Permitted Acquisitions since the Closing Date shall not exceed 5 million; provided that (i) any Equity Interests constituting all or a portion of such Acquisition Consideration shall not have a cash dividend requirement on or prior to the Maturity Date and (ii) any earn-out payments or deferred or future payments shall be subject to a subordination agreement (in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Agent) in favor of Agent subordinating payment of such earn-out payments or deferred or future payments to Agent and such payment obligations shall be unsecured. Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary means a Captive Insurance Subsidiary that Agent has approved as a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary pursuant to Section 5 .21. Permitted Joint Venture means any joint venture or partnership between a Credit Party, on the other hand, and any other Person, on the other hand (each, a Joint Venture so long as (a) immediately prior to and after giving pro forma effect to the formation and capitalization of such Joint Venture, no Default or Event of Default exists; (b) the assets, businesses or activities of the Joint Venture are consistent with the then-current business plan of the Credit Parties; (c) no Indebtedness or Liens are assumed or incurred by such Credit Party as a result of the formation and capitalization of, or as a result of any subsequent investment in, the Joint Venture, except as otherwise expressly permitted by Section 5.1 or Section 5.2; and (d) such Credit Party, the Joint Venture or the customer or customers of the Joint Venture shall obtain customary liability and commercial insurance, in amounts and from reputable insurers as may be necessary for prudent execution of work by the Joint Venture. Permitted Koontz-Wagner Pension Plan Obligations means obligations of the Credit Parties in an aggregate amount not to exceed 2,700,000 for their obligations arising under the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local Union 1392 multi-employer pension plan of Koontz-Wagner Custom Controls Holdings LLC (which Person was previously a Subsidiary of the Credit Parties and filed a voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 7 of Title 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas on July 11, 2018 (the proceedings relating to such petition, the Koontz-Wagner Bankruptcy Proceedings ). Permitted Liens means the following encumbrances: (i) Liens for taxes or assessments or other governmental Charges or levies, including Priority Payables, either not yet due and payable or to the extent that nonpayment thereof is permitted by the terms of Section 3.09 ; (ii) carriers , warehousemen s, suppliers , mechanics , materialmen s, 
 SCHEDULE A - 24 

 repairmen s or other similar liens arising in the ordinary course of business and securing indebtedness not yet due and payable or overdue for more than 30 days or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person to the extent required in accordance with GAAP; (iii) attachment, judgment or other similar Liens arising in connection with court or arbitration proceedings, provided that the same are discharged, or that execution or enforcement thereof is stayed pending appeal, within thirty (30) days or (in the case of any execution or enforcement pending appeal) such lesser time during which such appeal may be taken; (iv) zoning restrictions, easements, licenses, or other restrictions on the use of real property or other minor irregularities in title thereto, so long as the same do not materially impair the use, value, or marketability of such real estate; (v) Purchase Money Liens securing Purchase Money Obligations (or rent) and Capital Leases, in each case, to the extent permitted under Section 5.1 ; (vi) Liens in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders securing the Obligations; (vii) Liens in favor of Revolving Agent securing all obligations, indebtedness and liabilities of the Credit Parties under the Revolving Loan Agreement in an amount not to exceed the Maximum Priority Revolving Loan Debt; (viii) Liens existing on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 9 of the Perfection Certificate dated as of the Closing Date; (ix) (A) pledge or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation (other than any Lien being registered or enforced in respect of any Priority Payables and other than any Lien imposed by ERISA), (B) pledges and deposits in the ordinary course of business securing liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance and (C) Liens on insurance premium returns and insurance proceeds granted in favor of insurance companies in connection with the financing of insurance premiums with respect thereto in the ordinary course of business; (x) deposits and Liens to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, governmental contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money), statutory obligations, surety, stay, indemnity, customs and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature (including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations) incurred in the ordinary course of business; (xi) Liens that are contractual rights of set-off (A) solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by any Credit Party, in each case, which set-off rights are granted in the ordinary course of business in favor of the depository bank or financial institution with which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts owing to such bank or institution with respect to cash management and operating account arrangements, including those involving pooled accounts and netting arrangements, provided that, in no case shall any such Liens secure (either directly or indirectly) the repayment of any Indebtedness (other than (1) Indebtedness up to the Maximum Priority Revolving Debt Amount to the extent one of the Lenders under the Revolving Loan Agreement, or an Affiliate of such a Lender, is the applicable depository bank or financial institution and such Lien is subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, and (2) Indebtedness (that does not constitute Indebtedness for borrowed money) that is owed to any depository or cash management bank that provides cash management services to the Credit Parties), (B) solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by any Credit Party, in each case, which set-off rights relate to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Credit Parties or any Subsidiary (so long as such Subsidiary remains a Subsidiary) to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, provided that, in no case shall any such Liens secure (either directly or indirectly) the repayment of any Indebtedness (other than (1) Indebtedness up to the Maximum Priority Revolving Debt Amount to the extent one of the Lenders under the Revolving Loan Agreement, or an Affiliate of such a Lender, is the applicable depository bank or financial institution and such Lien is subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, and (2) Indebtedness (that does not constitute Indebtedness for borrowed money) that is owed to any depository or cash management bank that provides cash management services to the Credit Parties), or (C) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of a Credit Party or any of their Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; (xii) the filing of Code and PPSA financing statements solely as a precautionary measure in connection with operating leases entered into by a Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; (xiii) Liens in connection with the cash collateralization of the Existing Letters of Credit (and any replacements thereof), so long as the amount secured thereunder does not exceed 105 of the aggregate face amount of such Existing Letters of Credit (or such replacement letters of credit); (xiv) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of applicable Requirements of Law to secure payment of custom duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business; (xv) non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property and other intellectual property rights in the ordinary course of business and not interfering in any material respect with the business of any Credit Party, and (xvi) Liens described in clause (b) of the definition of Excluded Assets. Person means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization, association, corporation, limited liability company, institution, public benefit corporation, entity or government (whether federal, state, provincial, territorial, county, city, municipal or otherwise, including any 
 SCHEDULE A - 25 

 instrumentality, division, agency, body or department thereof), and shall include such Person s successors and assigns. Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the IRC or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate is or, within the preceding five years, was an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. Pledge Agreement means that certain Pledge Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Credit Parties and the Agent pledging as Collateral for the Obligations any Ownership Interests of Subsidiaries owned by each Credit Party other than those Ownership Interests constituting Excluded Assets, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Pledged Securities shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Credit Party, (i) all issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each issuer set forth in the Perfection Certificate as being owned by such Credit Party and all options, warrants, rights, agreements and additional Equity Interests of whatever class of any such issuer acquired by such Credit Party (including by issuance), together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Credit Party relating to such Equity Interests in each such issuer or under any Organizational Document of each such issuer, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such Equity Interests and any and all interest of such Credit Party in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such Equity Interests, (ii) all Equity Interests of any Subsidiary, which Equity Interests are hereafter acquired by such Credit Party (including by issuance) and all options, warrants, rights, agreements and additional Equity Interests of whatever class of any such Subsidiary acquired by such Credit Party (including by issuance), together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Credit Party relating to such Equity Interests or under any Organizational Document of any such Subsidiary, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such Equity Interests and any and all interest of such Credit Party in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such Equity Interests, from time to time acquired by such Credit Party in any manner, and (iii) all Equity Interests issued in respect of the Equity Interests referred to in clause (i) or (ii) upon any consolidation, merger or amalgamation of any issuer of such Equity Interests; provided , however , that Pledged Securities shall not include any Equity Interests which are not required to be pledged pursuant to Section 3.28 or that constitute Excluded Assets . Post-Closing Organization Chart has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(s) . Power means Global Power Professional Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Power of Attorney means each Power of Attorney of the Credit Parties delivered to Agent as of the Closing Date in substantially the form of Exhibit D and any Power of Attorney delivered to the Agent after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 1.12 . PPSA means the Personal Property Security Act (British Columbia) (and other equivalent personal property security legislation in any other applicable Canadian province or territory) and the regulations thereunder, as from time to time in effect, provided, however, if attachment, perfection or priority of the Agent s or any Lender s security interest in any Collateral is governed by the personal property security laws of any jurisdiction in Canada other than British Columbia, with respect to such Collateral, PPSA shall mean those personal property security laws in such other jurisdiction of Canada (including the Civil Code of Qu bec and the regulation respecting the register of personal and movable real rights thereunder) for the purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such attachment, perfection or priority and for the definitions related to such provisions. Pre-Closing Organization Chart has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(s) . Preferred Stock shall mean, with respect to any Person, any and all preferred or preference Equity Interests (however designated) of such Person whether now outstanding or issued after the Closing Date. Preferred Stock Issuance shall mean the issuance or sale by any Credit Party of any Preferred Stock after the Closing Date (other than (x) as permitted by Section 5.1 or (y) any Excluded Issuance). Prepayment has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.2(b) . 
 SCHEDULE A - 26 

 Priority Payables means (a) the full amount of the liabilities of any Credit Party which (i) have a trust imposed to provide for payment or a security interest, pledge, Lien, hypothec or charge ranking or capable of ranking senior to or pari passu with security interests, Liens, hypothecs or charges securing the Obligations on any Collateral under any federal, provincial, state, county, district, municipal, local or foreign law or (ii) have a right imposed to provide for payment ranking or capable of ranking senior to or pari passu with the Obligations under federal, provincial, state, county, district, municipal, local or foreign law, regulation or directive, including, but not limited to, claims for unremitted and/or accelerated rents, taxes, wages, withholdings taxes, value added taxes, amounts payable to an insolvency administrator, employee withholdings or deductions, vacation pay, severance and termination pay, workers compensation obligations, government royalties or pension obligations in each case to the extent such trust, or security interest, Lien, hypothec or charge has been or may be imposed, including under the Wage Earner Protection Program Act (Canada), and (b) the amount equal to the aggregate value of the inventory which the Agent, in good faith, and on a reasonable basis, considers is or may be subject to retention of title by a supplier or a right of a supplier to recover possession thereof, where such supplier s right has priority over the security interests, Liens, hypothecs or charges securing the Obligations, including, without limitation, inventory subject to a right of a supplier to repossess goods pursuant to Section 81.1 of the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada) or any applicable laws granting revendication or similar rights to unpaid suppliers or any similar laws of Canada or any other applicable jurisdiction. Pro Forma Basis shall mean on a basis in accordance with GAAP and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Agent. Proceeds means proceeds, as such term is defined in the Code or the PPSA, as applicable, and, in any event, shall include: (i) any and all proceeds of any insurance, indemnity, warranty or guarantee payable to any Grantor from time to time with respect to any Collateral; (ii) any and all payments (in any form whatsoever) made or due and payable to any Grantor from time to time in connection with any requisition, confiscation, condemnation, seizure or forfeiture of any Collateral by any governmental body, authority, bureau or agency (or any Person acting under color of governmental authority); (iii) any recoveries by any Grantor against third parties with respect to any litigation or dispute concerning any Collateral, including claims arising out of the loss or nonconformity of, interference with the use of, defects in, or infringement of rights in, or damage to, Collateral; and (iv) any and all other amounts, rights to payment or other property acquired upon the sale, lease, license, exchange or other disposition of Collateral (excluding amounts and rights to payment arising from the rental of any of the Collateral to customers of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or distributors) and all rights arising out of Collateral. Property means any interest in any kind of property or asset, whether real, personal or mixed, and whether tangible or intangible. Protective Advance Percentages means, as to any Lender and as of any date of determination, the percentage determined by dividing (a) the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then held by such Lender, by (b) the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then held by all Lenders. Purchase Money Lien means any Lien upon any fixed assets that secure the Purchase Money Obligations related thereto but only if such Lien shall at all times be confined solely to the assets the purchase price of which was financed or refinanced through the incurrence of the Purchase Money Obligations secured by such Lien (and the proceeds thereof) and only if such Lien secures only such Purchase Money Obligations. Purchase Money Obligations means for any Person the obligations of such Person in respect of Indebtedness incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price of any property (including Equity Interests of any Person) or the cost of installation, construction or improvement of any property and any refinancing thereof; provided , however , that (i) such Indebtedness is incurred within one year after such acquisition, installation, construction or improvement of such property by such Person and (ii) the amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed 100 of the cost of such acquisition, installation, construction or improvement, as the case may be. Qualified Capital Stock means of any Person any Equity Interests of such Person that are not Disqualified Capital Stock. Real Property shall mean, collectively, all right, title and interest (including any leasehold, mineral or other estate) in and to any and all parcels of or interests in real property owned, leased or operated by any Person, whether by lease, license or other means, together with, in each case, all easements, hereditaments and appurtenances relating thereto, all 
 SCHEDULE A - 27 

 improvements and appurtenant fixtures and equipment, all general intangibles and contract rights and other property and rights incidental to the ownership, lease or operation thereof. Recipient means Agent and any Lender. Register has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(a) . Related Persons means, with respect to any Person, each Affiliate of such Person and each director, officer, employee, agent, trustee, representative, attorney, accountant and each insurance, environmental, legal, financial and other advisor and other consultants and agents of or to such Person or any of its Affiliates. Release means as to any Person, any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, injection, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, dumping, leaching or migration of Hazardous Materials in the indoor or outdoor environment by such Person, including the movement of Hazardous Materials through or in the air, soil, surface water, ground water or property. Rental Office means any rental office of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is not located in a Restricted Location. Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having at such time in excess of 50 of the sum of the aggregate Term Loan Commitments (or, if such Term Loan Commitments are terminated, the amount outstanding under the Term Loans) then in effect; provided, however, that at any time when there are two (2) or more Lenders, Required Lenders shall require at least two (2) Lenders. For purposes of calculation of Required Lenders, a Lender and any of its Affiliates that are also a Lender, and their respective Term Loan Commitments and/or holdings of the Term Loans, shall be deemed to be a single Lender with a single consolidated Term Loan Commitment and/or holding a single consolidated Term Loan. Requirement of Law means as to any Person, the Certificate or Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws or other Organizational Documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case, binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. Responsible Officer means, with respect to any Person (other than an individual), any officer at the level of vice president or higher of, but in any event, with respect to financial matters, the chief financial officer, chief accounting officer, treasurer or controller of such Person. Restricted Locations has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.21(c) . Restricted Payment means: (a) the declaration or payment of any dividend or the incurrence of any liability to make any other payment or distribution of cash or other property or assets on or in respect of Borrower s or any other Credit Party s Stock, (b) any payment or distribution made in respect of any subordinated Indebtedness of Borrower or any other Credit Party in violation of any subordination or other agreement made in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, (c) any payment on account of the purchase, redemption, defeasance or other retirement of Borrower s or any other Credit Party s Stock or Indebtedness or any other payment or distribution made in respect of any thereof, either directly or indirectly; other than (i) that arising under this Agreement, (ii) interest and principal, when due without acceleration or modification of the amortization as in effect on the Closing Date, under Indebtedness (not including subordinated Indebtedness, payments of which shall be permitted only in accordance with the terms of the relevant subordination agreement made in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders) permitted under Sections 5.1 (provided that any payments made by Credit Parties on the Permitted Koontz-Wagner Pension Plan Obligations shall not exceed 300,000 per Fiscal Year), (iii) payments and prepayments with respect to Indebtedness under the Revolving Loan Agreement in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Maximum Priority Revolving Loan Debt as of any date of determination and otherwise permitted pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, or (d) any payment, loan, contribution, or other transfer of funds or other property to any holder of Stock of such Person which is not expressly and specifically permitted in this Agreement; provided that any payment to Agent or any Lender shall not constitute a Restricted Payment. Revolving Agent means PNC Bank, National Association. Revolving Loan Agreement means that certain Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing 
 SCHEDULE A - 28 

 Date, by and among Revolving Agent, the Credit Parties party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, as amended, restated, supplemented and/or modified to the extent permitted by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. Revolving Loan Documents has the meaning assigned to the term Other Documents under the Revolving Loan Agreement. SBA means the United States Small Business Administration and any successor thereto. SBA Forms means, collectively, SBA forms 480, 652 and 1031. SBA Side Letter means a Small Business Investment Company side letter among the Borrower and the SBICs (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time accordance with its terms) in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and the Borrower. SBIC means Agent or certain of its Affiliates that is a Federal licensee under the Act. SDN List has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Second Amendment means that certain Second Amendment to this Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Credit Parties, the Agent and the Lenders party thereto. Second Amendment Effective Date means December 30, 2022. Secretarial Certificate means each Secretarial Certificate of the Credit Parties delivered to Agent as of the Closing Date in substantially the form of Exhibit C and any Secretarial Certificate delivered to the Agent after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 1.12 . SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (d) of the definition of Base Rate . Solvent means, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) the assets of such Person, at a fair valuation, exceed its liabilities, including contingent liabilities, (b) the remaining capital of such Person is not unreasonably small to conduct its business and (c) such Person will not have incurred debts, and does not have the present intent to incur debts, beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature. For purposes of this definition, debt means any liability on a claim, and claim means any (i) right to payment, whether or not such right is reduced to judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, legal, equitable, secured or unsecured, or (ii) right to an equitable remedy for breach of performance if such breach gives rise to a right to payment, whether or not such right to an equitable remedy is reduced to judgment, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, secured or unsecured. In computing the amount of contingent liabilities of any Person on any date, such liabilities shall be computed at the amount that, in the reasonable judgment of the Agent in light of all facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount of such liabilities that reasonably can be expected to become actual or matured liabilities. Specified Canadian Account means the bank account of the Credit Parties with TD Canada Trust with account number as previously identified to Agent in writing with account number ending 5675. Stated Maturity Date means December 16, 2025. Steam means Steam Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Stock means all certificated and uncertificated shares, options, warrants, membership interests, general or limited 
 SCHEDULE A - 29 

 partnership interests, participation or other equivalents (regardless of how designated) of or in a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or equivalent entity whether voting or nonvoting, including common stock, preferred stock, beneficial interests in a trust or any other equity security (as such term is defined in Rule 3a11-1 of the General Rules and Regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act) or other equity interests in any Person. Stock Equivalents means all securities convertible into or exchangeable for Stock or any other Stock Equivalent and all warrants, options or other rights to purchase, subscribe for or otherwise acquire any Stock or any other Stock Equivalent, whether or not presently convertible, exchangeable or exercisable. Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, (i) any corporation of which an aggregate of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding Stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, Stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, owned legally or beneficially by such Person and/or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, or with respect to which any such Person has the right to vote or designate the vote of more than fifty percent (50 of such Stock whether by proxy, agreement, operation of law or otherwise, and (ii) any partnership or limited liability company in which such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person has an equity interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than fifty percent (50 or of which any such Person is a general partner or manager or may exercise the powers of a general partner or manager. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary of Holdings. In no event shall the term Subsidiary include a Permitted Joint Venture or Koontz-Wagner Custom Control Holdings LLC. Subsidiary Guarantor means each direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower as of the Closing Date and each other direct or indirect Subsidiary that becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 1.12 , in each case other than any Unrestricted Subsidiary. Substitute Lender has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.14(a) . Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. Term Loan has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.1 . Term Loan Commitment means any Closing Date Term Loan Commitment and any Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment. Term Note has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.1 . Term SOFR means, (a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for an interest period of three (3) months for each quarter as determined on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such quarter, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such interest period has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such interest period as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such interest period was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day; and (b) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for an interest period of one (1) month as determined on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable interest period has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date 
 SCHEDULE A - 30 

 with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such interest period as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such interest period was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day. Term SOFR Adjustment means (a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, a percentage equal to 0.26161 per annum, and (b) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan, a percentage equal to 0.11448 per annum. Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion). Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR . Termination Date means the date on which all Obligations under this Agreement are paid in full, in cash (other than contingent obligations not yet due and payable), and Borrower shall have no further right to borrow any moneys or obtain other credit extensions or financial accommodations from the Lenders under this Agreement. Threshold Amount means 500,000. Title IV Plan means a pension plan subject to Title IV of ERISA, other than a Multiemployer Plan, to which any ERISA Affiliate incurs or otherwise has any obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise. Total Leverage Ratio shall mean, at any date of determination, the ratio of Consolidated Indebtedness on such date to Consolidated EBITDA for the trailing twelve (12) Fiscal Month period most recently ended. Trademarks means all of the following now owned or hereafter adopted or acquired by any Person: (i) all trademarks, trade names, corporate names, business names, trade styles, service marks, logos, other source or business identifiers, prints and labels on which any of the foregoing have appeared or appear, designs and general intangibles of like nature (whether registered or unregistered) all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, including all registrations, recordings and applications in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the Canadian Intellectual Property Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any state or territory thereof, or any other country or any political subdivision thereof: (ii) all reissues, extensions or renewals thereof; and (iii) all goodwill associated with or symbolized by any of the foregoing. Transaction Documents means, collectively, the Revolving Loan Documents and the Loan Documents. Transactions means, collectively, the transactions to occur on or prior to the Closing Date pursuant to the Transaction Documents, including (a) the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents and the initial borrowings hereunder; (b) the incurrence of the Indebtedness under the Revolving Loan Agreement; (c) reserved; (d) reserved; (e) the refinancing of all existing Indebtedness on the Closing Date (other than Indebtedness that is permitted under this Agreement); and (f) the payment of all fees and expenses to be paid on or prior to the Closing Date and owing in connection with the foregoing. Transferred Guarantor has the meaning given to such term in Section 11.9 . Unrestricted Subsidiaries means, to the extent not required to be a Guarantor hereunder, each Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary. USA PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56). U.S. Borrower means a Borrower that is a U.S. Person. U.S. Credit Party means a Credit Party that is a U.S. Person. 
 SCHEDULE A - 31 

 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the IRC. U.S. Publicly-Traded Entity has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 8(b)(ii)(C) . Voluntary Prepayment has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.2(b) . Voting Stock means, with respect to any Person, any class or classes of Equity Interests pursuant to which the holders thereof have the general voting power under ordinary circumstances to elect at least a majority of the Board of Directors of such Person. Wholly Owned Subsidiary means, as to any Person, (a) any corporation 100 of whose capital stock (other than directors qualifying shares) is at the time owned by such Person and/or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person and (b) any partnership, association, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity in which such Person and/or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person have a 100 equity interest at such time. Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Section 4203 and Section 4205 of ERISA. Withholding Agent means Borrower and Agent. Any accounting term used in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents shall have, unless otherwise specifically provided therein, the meaning customarily given such term in accordance with GAAP, and all financial computations thereunder shall be computed, unless otherwise specifically provided therein, in accordance with GAAP consistently applied; provided , that all financial covenants and calculations in the Loan Documents shall be made in accordance with GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date unless Borrower and Agent shall otherwise specifically agree in writing. That certain items or computations are explicitly modified by the phrase in accordance with GAAP shall in no way be construed to limit the foregoing. All other capitalized terms contained in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, but not defined herein or therein, shall, unless the context indicates otherwise, have the meanings provided for by the Code or the PPSA, as the context may require. The words herein, hereof and hereunder or other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole, including the exhibits and schedules thereto, as the same may from time to time be amended, modified or supplemented, and not to any particular section, subsection or clause contained in this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the following additional rules of construction shall apply, unless specifically indicated to the contrary: (a) wherever from the context it appears appropriate, each term stated in either the singular or plural shall include the singular and the plural; (b) the term or is not exclusive; (c) the term including (or any form thereof) shall not be limiting or exclusive; (d) all references to statutes and related regulations shall include any amendments of same and any successor statutes and regulations; and (e) all references to any instruments or agreements, including references to any of the Loan Documents, shall include any and all modifications or amendments thereto and any and all extensions or renewals thereof. Any term defined in this Agreement by reference to the Code shall also have any extended, alternative or analogous meaning given to such term in the PPSA and under other Canadian laws (including, without limitation, the Securities Transfer Act (British Columbia) and the other securities transfer legislation in effect from time to time in any of province or territory of Canada, the Bills of Exchange Act (Canada) and the Depository Bills and Notes Act (Canada)), in all cases for the extension, preservation or betterment of the security and rights of the Agent and the Lenders, (ii) all references in this Agreement to a financing statement, financing change statement, continuation statement, amendment or termination statement shall be deemed to refer also to the analogous documents used under the PPSA, including, without limitation, where applicable, financing change statements and (iii) all references to federal or state securities law of the United States shall be deemed to refer also to analogous federal, provincial and territorial securities laws in Canada. [Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank] 
 SCHEDULE A - 32 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 3
 wlms-20221231xex10d14.htm
 EX-10.14

Exhibit 10.14 Execution Version THIRD AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT THIRD AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of January 9, 2023 (this Amendment ), by and among Williams Industrial Services Group Inc., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company WISG ), Williams Industrial Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WISI ), Williams Specialty Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WSS ), Williams Plant Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WPS ), Williams Global Services, Inc., a Georgia corporation Global ), Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company Construction , and together with Holdings, WISG, WISI, WSS, WPS, Global, Construction, each a Borrower and, collectively, Borrower ), Global Power Professional Services Inc. a Delaware corporation Power ), GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company GPEG ), Steam Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Steam ), WISG Canada Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Canada ), WISG Nuclear Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Nuclear ), WISG Electrical Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Electrical ), WISG Electrical, LLC, a New York limited liability company WISG Electrical NY , and together with Power, GPEG, Steam, WISG Canada, WISG Nuclear, and WISG Electrical, each a Guarantor and, collectively, Guarantor ), the Required Lenders, and EICF AGENT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as agent on behalf of the Lenders under the Loan Agreement (hereinafter defined) (in such capacity, Agent ). W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, the Borrowers, the Guarantors and the other Credit Parties from time to time party thereto, the Lenders and the Agent are parties to that certain Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2020 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, renewed or replaced from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Loan Agreement ). WHEREAS, the Credit Parties have requested, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth below, each of Agent and the Required Lenders hereby agree to amend certain provisions of the Loan Agreement, and, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions to effectiveness set forth herein, the Agent and the Required Lenders are willing to do so, on the terms set forth herein. NOW THEREFORE, the Borrower, the Credit Parties signatory hereto, the Agent and the Required Lenders each hereby agree as follows: 1. Defined Terms . The recitals to this Amendment are hereby incorporated into the body of this Amendment. All capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Loan Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Loan Agreement. 2. Consent to Revolving Loan Agreement Amendment . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 10.4 of the Intercreditor Agreement or the Loan Agreement, the Agent hereby consents to the Revolving Agent and Credit Parties entering into, and performing their 

 obligations under, the Revolving Loan Agreement Third Amendment (as defined in Section 4 below). 3. Amendments . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4 hereof, the parties hereto agree that the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by incorporating the changes shown on the marked copy of the Loan Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (in each case, it being understood that language which appears struck out has been deleted and language which appears as double-underlined has been added). 4. Conditions to Effectiveness . The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to satisfaction of all of the following conditions precedent: (a) counterparts of this Amendment shall have been executed and delivered by the Borrower, the other Credit Parties signatory hereto and the Required Lenders; and (b) the Credit Parties, the Revolving Agent and the other parties thereto shall have entered into a Third Amendment to the Revolving Loan Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, dated on or about the Third Amendment Effective Date (the Revolving Loan Agreement Third Amendment hereof; (c) the truth and accuracy of the representations and warranties contained in Section 5 (d) the issuance of Subordinated Debt under the Subordinated Loan Documents, resulting in 750,000 of net proceeds to the Borrower and on terms acceptable to Agent (including subordination terms under the Subordination Agreement; (e) Agent shall have received final executed copies of the Subordinated Guaranty and the Subordinated Note in form and substance acceptable to Agent, all of which shall be in effect on the Third Amendment Effective Date, and the transactions contemplated by the Subordinated Guaranty and the Subordinated Note shall be consummated on the Third Amendment Effective Date including, without limitation, the receipt by Holdings of the proceeds of the Subordinated Debt in the amount of 750,000, which amount shall be remitted to Agent for the payment of the outstanding principal amount of the outstanding principal amount of the Loan; (f) Agent shall have received a Subordination Agreement executed by Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP I in form and substance satisfactory to Agent; (g) Since December 31, 2021, there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Effect; and (h) the Borrower shall have paid the reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses of Chapman and Cutler LLP, Agent s counsel, incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and other post-closing services rendered in connection with the Loan Agreement on or prior to the date hereof, in each case to the extent payable under the terms of the Loan Agreement. 
 2 

 5. Representations, Warranties and Covenants . Each Credit Party signatory hereto hereby represents, warrants and covenants to Agent and each Lender as follows: (a) the execution, delivery and performance by each of the Credit Parties signatory hereto of this Amendment have been duly authorized by all necessary action, and do not and will not: (i) contravene the terms of any of that Person s Organizational Documents; (ii) conflict with or result in any material breach or contravention of, or result in the creation of any Lien under, any document evidencing any material Contractual Obligation to which such Credit Party is a party or any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority to which such Credit Party or its Property is subject; or (iii) violate any material Requirement of Law in any material respect; (b) such Credit Party has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Amendment and the Loan Agreement, as amended hereby; (c) this Amendment constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of each such Credit Party which is a party hereto enforceable against such Credit Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability; (d) after giving effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, each of the representations and warranties contained in the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents is true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof as if made on the date hereof (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such specific date); (e) after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default exists or would result from the transactions contemplated by this Amendment; and (f) a true, correct and complete copy of the Revolving Loan Agreement Third Amendment is attached hereto as Exhibit B . 6. Loan Document . This Amendment is designated a Loan Document by Agent. 7. Full Force and Effect . Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing contained herein shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of compliance with any term or condition contained in the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. Except as expressly amended hereby, the Loan Agreement shall continue unmodified and in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions thereof on the date hereof. This Amendment shall be limited precisely as drafted and shall not imply an obligation on the Agent or any Lender to consent to any matter on any future occasion. As used in the Loan Agreement, the terms Agreement, this Agreement, this Loan Agreement, herein, hereafter, hereto, hereof and words of similar import shall mean, unless the context otherwise requires, the Loan Agreement as amended by this Amendment. 
 3 

 8. Reaffirmation . Each of the Credit Parties as debtor, grantor, pledgor, guarantor, assignor, or in other any other similar capacity in which such Credit Party grants Liens or security interests in its property or otherwise acts as an accommodation party or guarantor, as the case may be, hereby (i) ratifies and reaffirms all of its payment and performance obligations, contingent or otherwise, under each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party (after giving effect hereto) and (ii) to the extent such Credit Party granted Liens on or security interests in any of its property pursuant to any such Loan Document as security for or otherwise guaranteed the Borrower s Obligations under or with respect to the Loan Documents, ratifies and reaffirms such guarantee and grant of security interests and Liens and confirms and agrees that such security interests and Liens hereafter secure all of the Obligations as amended hereby. Each of the Credit Parties hereby consents to this Amendment and acknowledges that each of the Loan Documents remains in full force and effect, as modified hereby, and is hereby ratified and reaffirmed. The execution of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Agent or Lenders, constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Loan Documents except as expressly set forth herein or serve to effect a novation of the Obligations. 9. CHOICE OF LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL IN ALL RESPECTS BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND GOVERNED BY, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WHICH ARE APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED WHOLLY WITHIN SUCH STATE WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION. 10. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute but one instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to be as effective as an original signature page delivered manually. 11. Headings . The headings of this Amendment are for the purposes of reference only and shall not affect the construction of this Amendment. 12. Successors and Assigns . The provisions of this Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns; provided that none of the Credit Parties may assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Amendment without the prior written consent of the Agent. 13. Severability . The illegality or unenforceability of any provision of this Amendment or any instrument or agreement required hereunder shall not in any way affect or impair the legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Amendment or any instrument or agreement required hereunder. 14. Release of Claims . In consideration of the Required Lenders and the Agent s agreements contained in this Amendment, each Credit Party hereby irrevocably releases and forever discharge the Lenders and the Agent and their affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, assigns, directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants and attorneys (each, a Released Person of and from any and all claims, suits, actions, investigations, proceedings or demands, whether based 
 4 

 in contract, tort, implied or express warranty, strict liability, criminal or civil statute or common law of any kind or character, known or unknown, which such Credit Party ever had or now has against Agent, any Lender or any other Released Person which relates, directly or indirectly, to any acts or omissions of Agent, any Lender or any other Released Person relating to the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document on or prior to the date hereof. Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, each Credit Party does not release any claim that a Credit Party may have to enforce the obligations of Agent or Lenders set forth in this Amendment. [Signature pages follow] 
 5 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their duly authorized officers, all as of the date and year first above written. AGENT AND LENDERS: EICF AGENT LLC , as Agent By: /s/ Harry Giovani Name: Harry Giovani Title: Authorized Signatory 
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

ENERGY IMPACT CREDIT FUND I LP , as a Lender By: Energy Impact Credit Fund I GP LLC, its general partner By: /s/ Harry Giovani Name: Harry Giovani Title: Managing Partner 
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

CION INVESTMENT CORPORATION, as a Lender By: /s/ Gregg Bresner Name: Gregg Bresner Title: President Chief Investment Officer 
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

MURRAY HILL FUNDING II, LLC, as a Lender By: /s/ Gregg Bresner Name: Gregg Bresner Title: President 
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

CROWDOUT CAPITAL LLC , as a Lender By: /s/ Alexander Schoenbaum Name: Alexander Schoenbaum Title: CEO 
 CROWDOUT CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND LLC , as a Lender By: /s/ Alexander Schoenbaum Name: Alexander Schoenbaum Title: CEO 
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

BORROWERS: WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC., as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary 
 WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP, L.L.C., as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E.Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary 
 WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES, LLC, as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E.Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Assistant Secretary 
 WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES, LLC, as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E.Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Assistant Secretary 
 WILLIAMS PLANT SERVICES, LLC, as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E.Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Assistant Secretary 
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

WILLIAMS GLOBAL SERVICES, INC., as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E.Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary 
 CONSTRUCTION MAINTENANCE PROFESSIONALS, LLC, as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E.Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary 
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

GUARANTORS: GLOBAL POWER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES INC., as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E.Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: President 
 GPEG, LLC, as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E.Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Vice President 
 STEAM ENTERPRISES LLC, as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E.Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: President 
 WISG CANADA LTD., as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E.Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary 
 WISG NUCLEAR LTD., as Guarantor By: /s/ Damien A. Vassall Name: Damien A. Vassall Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 WISG ELECTRICAL LTD., as Guarantor By: /s/ Damien A. Vassall Name: Damien A. Vassall Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

GUARANTORS: GLOBAL POWER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES INC., as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: President 
 GPEG, LLC, as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Vice President 
 STEAM ENTERPRISES LLC, as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: President 
 WISG CANADA LTD., as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary 
 WISG NUCLEAR LTD., as Guarantor By: /s/ Damien A. Vassall Name: Damien A. Vassall Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 WISG ELECTRICAL LTD., as Guarantor By: /s/ Damien A. Vassall Name: Damien A. Vassall Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

WISG ELECTRICAL, LLC, a New York limited liability company, as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary 
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

Exhibit A Marked Loan Agreement See attached. 

CONFORMED COPY NOT EXECUTED IN THIS FORM INCORPORATING FIRST AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JUNE 30, 2022, AND SECOND AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF DECEMBER 30, 2022 , AND THIRD AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 9, 2023 TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT DATED AS OF DECEMBER 16, 2020 AMONG EICF AGENT LLC, AS AGENT FOR THE LENDERS SIGNATORY HERETO, WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC., AS BORROWER AND THE OTHER CREDIT PARTIES SIGNATORY HERETO CHAPMAN AND CUTLER LLP 1270 Avenue of the Americas, 30th Floor New York, New York 10020 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 1. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT 1 1.1 Term Loan. 1 1.2 Term and Prepayment. 3 1.3 Use of Proceeds. 5 6 1.4 Single Loan. 6 1.5 Interest. 6 1.6 Fees. 6 7 1.7 Receipt of Payments; Taxes. 7 1.8 Application and Allocation of Payments. 8 1.9 Accounting. 8 1.10 Indemnity. 8 9 1.11 [Intentionally Omitted] Rates 8 9 1.12 Joinder of New Subsidiaries as a Credit Party, Etc. 9 1.13 Non-Funding Lenders. 9 10 1.14 Substitution of Lenders. 9 10 1.15 Inability to Determine Rates. 11 2. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 10 11 2.1 Conditions to the Loan. 10 11 3. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 13 15 3.1 Corporate Existence; Compliance with Law. 13 15 3.2 Executive Offices, Registered Offices; Corporate or Other Names. 14 15 3.3 Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations. 14 15 3.4 Financial Statements; Books and Records. 14 15 3.5 Material Adverse Change. 14 16 3.6 Revolving Loan Documents ; Subordinated Loan Documents 15 16 3.7 Subsidiaries. 15 16 3.8 Government Regulation; Margin Regulations 15 16 3.9 Taxes; Charges. 15 16 3.10 Payment of Obligations. 15 17 3.11 ERISA and Canadian Pension Plans. 15 17 3.12 Litigation. 16 17 3.13 Intellectual Property. 17 18 3.14 Full Disclosure. . 17 18 3.15 Environmental Liabilities. 17 19 3.16 Insurance. 18 19 3.17 Solvency. 20 21 3.18 Other Financings. 20 21 3.19 Conduct of Business. 20 21 3.20 Further Assurances. 20 21 3.21 Collateral/Maintenance of Property. 20 21 3.22 Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Compliance. 21 22 3.23 Reserved. 22 23 3.24 Reserved. 22 23 3.25 Landlord Agreements. 22 23 3.26 Deposit Accounts; Cash Collateral Accounts. 22 23 3.27 Reserved. 23 25 3.28 After-acquired Property; Additional Collateral. 23 25 3.29 Equity Interests and Subsidiaries. 24 26 3.30 Security Documents. 25 26 3.31 Borrowing Base-Related Reports. 25 27 3.32 Government Contracts. 26 27 3.33 Customer and Trade Relations. 26 27 3.34 Bonding; Licenses. 26 27 3.35 Affiliate Transactions. 26 27 
 
 I NDEX PAGE i 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE 3.36 Post-Closing Matters. 26 27 3.37 Investment Company Act. 27 28 3.38 Notice of Change in Investment Company Status. 27 28 3.39 Braden Entities. 27 28 3.40 Capital Provision Agreement. 27 28 4. FINANCIAL MATTERS; REPORTS 27 28 4.1 Reports and Notices. 27 28 4.2 Financial Covenants. 29 31 4.3 Other Reports and Information. 30 32 4.4 Revolving Loan Agreement Notices ; Subordinated Loan Documents Notices 30 32 4.5 Reserved. 30 33 5. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 31 33 5.1 Indebtedness. 31 33 5.2 Liens. 31 34 5.3 Investments; Fundamental Changes. 31 34 5.4 Asset Sales. 32 35 5.5 Restricted Payments. 33 35 5.6 Changes in Nature of Business. 33 35 5.7 Transactions with Affiliates. 33 36 5.8 Third-Party Restrictions on Indebtedness, Liens, Investments or Restricted Payments. 34 36 5.9 Modification of Certain Documents. 34 36 5.10 Accounting Changes; Fiscal Year. 34 37 5.11 Changes to Name, Locations, Etc. 34 37 5.12 Bank Accounts. 34 37 5.13 Margin Regulations. 34 37 5.14 Compliance with ERISA and Canadian Pension Plans. 34 37 5.15 Hazardous Materials. 35 37 5.16 Modifications to Revolving Loan Documents and Subordinated Debt. 35 37 5.17 Inactive Subsidiaries. 35 38 5.18 Compliance with Anti-Terrorism Laws. 35 38 5.19 Sale-Leasebacks. 35 38 5.20 Leases. 36 38 5.21 Captive Insurance Subsidiaries. 36 38 5.22 Payments under the Revolving Loan Agreement. 36 39 6. SECURITY INTEREST. 36 39 6.1 Grant of Security Interest. 36 39 6.2 Agent s Rights. 38 40 6.3 Agent s Appointment as Attorney-in-fact. 38 41 6.4 Grant of License to Use Intellectual Property Collateral. 38 41 6.5 Commercial Tort Claims. 39 41 6.6 Duties of Agent. 39 41 7. EVENTS OF DEFAULT: RIGHTS AND REMEDIES 39 42 7.1 Events of Default. 39 42 7.2 Remedies. 41 44 7.3 Waivers by Credit Parties. 42 45 7.4 Proceeds. 42 45 8. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. 42 45 9. AGENT 45 48 9.1 Appointment and Duties. 45 48 9.2 Binding Effect. 46 48 9.3 Use of Discretion. 46 49 9.4 Delegation of Rights and Duties. 46 49 9.5 Reliance and Liability. 46 49 9.6 Agent Individually. 47 50 
 
 I NDEX PAGE ii 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE 9.7 Protective Advances. 47 50 9.8 Expenses; Indemnities. 48 50 9.9 Resignation of Agent. 48 51 9.10 Release of Collateral. 48 51 10. MISCELLANEOUS. 49 51 10.1 Complete Agreement; Modification of Agreement. 49 51 10.2 Expenses. 50 53 10.3 No Waiver. 50 53 10.4 Severability; Section Titles. 51 54 10.5 Authorized Signature. 51 54 10.6 Notices 51 54 10.7 Counterparts. 51 54 10.8 Time of the Essence. 52 54 10.9 GOVERNING LAW. 52 54 10.10 SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. 52 55 10.11 Press Releases. 52 55 10.12 Reinstatement. 53 56 10.13 USA PATRIOT Act Notice and Customer Verification. 53 56 10.14 Sharing of Payments, Etc. 53 56 10.15 Intercreditor Agreement. 53 56 10.16 Confidentiality Agreements. 53 56 10.17 Effect of Benchmark Transition Event. 53 56 10.18 CION as Co-Lead Arranger. 57 10.19 Judgment Currency. 57 11. GUARANTEE 57 58 11.1 The Guarantee. 57 58 11.2 Obligations Unconditional. 58 11.3 Reinstatement. 58 59 11.4 Subrogation; Subordination. 59 11.5 Remedies. 59 11.6 Instrument for the Payment of Money. 59 11.7 Continuing Guarantee. 59 11.8 General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations. 59 60 11.9 Release of Guarantors. 59 60 11.10 Right of Contribution. 59 60 
 
 I NDEX PAGE iii 

 INDEX OF EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES Schedule A 

 - 

 Definitions 

 Schedule B 

 - 

 Schedule of Term Loan Commitments 

 Schedule C 

 - 

 Agent s, Lenders and Credit Parties Addresses for Notices 

 Schedule D 

 - 

 Closing Checklist 

 Schedule E 

 - 

 Restricted Locations 

Disclosure Schedule (2) 

 _ 

 Capital Providers and Arbitration Proceedings 

 Disclosure Schedule (2.1(e)(iii)) 

 - 

 [Reserved] 

 Disclosure Schedule (3.2) 

 - 

 Places of Business; Corporate Names 

 Disclosure Schedule (3.7) 

 - 

 Subsidiaries 

 Disclosure Schedule (3.9) 

 - 

 Taxes 

 Disclosure Schedule (3.11) 

 - 

 ERISA 

 Disclosure Schedule (3.12) 

 - 

 Litigation 

 Disclosure Schedule (3.13) 

 - 

 Intellectual Property 

 Disclosure Schedule (3.15) 

 - 

 Environmental Matters 

 Disclosure Schedule (3.16) 

 - 

 Insurance 

 Disclosure Schedule (3.18) 

 - 

 Existing Indebtedness 

 Disclosure Schedule (3.26) 

 - 

 Controlled Accounts 

 Disclosure Schedule (3.32) 

 - 

 Government Contracts 

 Disclosure Schedule (3.34) 

 - 

 Bonding; Licensing 

 Disclosure Schedule (3.35) 

 - 

 Affiliate Transactions 

 Disclosure Schedule (5.21) 

 - 

 Employee Compensation 

 Disclosure Schedule (6.1) 

 - 

 Actions to Perfect Liens 

 Disclosure Schedule (6.5) 

 - 

 Commercial Tort Claims 

Exhibit A 

 - 

 Form of Perfection Certificate Exhibit B 

 Exhibit B 

 - 

 Form of Term Note 

 Exhibit C 

 - 

 Form of Secretarial Certificate 

 Exhibit D 

 - 

 Form of Power of Attorney 

 Exhibit E 

 - 

 Form of Compliance Certificate 

 Exhibit F 

 - 

 Form of Closing Certificate 

 Exhibit G 

 - 

 Form of Solvency Certificate 

 Exhibit H 

 - 

 Form of Joinder Agreement 

 Exhibit I 

 - 

 Form of Assignment Agreement 

 Exhibit J 

 - 

 Form of Delayed Draw Borrowing Request 

I NDEX PAGE iv 

 TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT This TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT is dated as of December 16, 2020, and agreed to by and among Williams Industrial Services Group Inc., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company WISG ), Williams Industrial Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WISI ), Williams Specialty Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WSS ), Williams Plant Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WPS ), Williams Global Services, Inc., a Georgia corporation Global ), Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company Construction , and together with Holdings, WISG, WISI, WSS, WPS, Global, Construction, each a Borrower and, collectively, Borrower ), Global Power Professional Services Inc. a Delaware corporation Power ), GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company GPEG ), Steam Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Steam ), WISG Canada Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Canada ), WISG Nuclear Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Nuclear ), WISG Electrical Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Electrical , and together with Power, GPEG, Steam, WISG Canada, WISG Nuclear, each a Guarantor and, collectively, Guarantor ), the other Credit Parties from time to time party hereto, EICF AGENT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as agent (in such capacity, Agent for the lenders set forth on Schedule B attached hereto and party hereto (each herein referred to as a Lender and collectively, the Lenders ), CION INVESTMENT CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation CION as a Lender and as co-lead arranger (in such capacity, the Co-Lead Arranger ), and the other Lenders from time to time party hereto. RECITALS A. The Credit Parties desire that Borrower obtain the Term Loans described herein from the Lenders and the Lenders are willing to provide the Term Loans all in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. B. Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in Schedule A and, for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the rules of construction set forth in Schedule A shall govern. All schedules, attachments, addenda and exhibits hereto, or expressly identified to this Agreement, are incorporated herein by reference, and taken together with this Agreement, constitute but a single agreement. AGREEMENT NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT 1.1 Term Loan. (a) Closing Date Term Loan. Each Lender agrees severally, but not jointly, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, to make to the Borrower an advance (each, a Closing Date Term Loan collectively, the Closing Date Term Loans on the Closing Date in the principal amount equal to such Lender s Closing Date Term Loan Commitment; provided, that each Lender with a Closing Date Term Loan Commitment shall (unless otherwise directed by Agent in writing, including via e-mail) disburse the proceeds of its Closing Date Term Loan made by such Lender to the Borrower directly (and not to the Agent for distribution to the Borrower), provided further, that each Lender shall provide to Agent any information reasonably requested by Agent regarding the Closing Date Term Loan made by such Lender. Each Lender s Term Loan (whether a Closing Date Term Loan made under this Section 1.1(a) or a Delayed Draw Term Loan made under Section 1.1(b)) shall, if requested by such Lender at least 2 Business Days prior to the funding of the applicable Term Loan, be evidenced by a promissory note (each a Term Note duly executed and delivered by the Borrower prior to the funding of such Term Loan substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B , and be repayable in accordance with the terms of such Term Note and this Agreement. Borrower shall make payments on the Closing Date Term Loan in accordance with Section 1.1(c) and the other applicable provisions of this Agreement. Once repaid, any amount borrowed under the Closing Date Term Loan Commitment of each Lender may not be re-borrowed. All amounts owed hereunder with respect to the Term Loans shall be paid in full no later than the Maturity Date. After the funding of the Closing Date Term Loan by a Lender, the Closing Date Term Loan Commitments of such Lender shall immediately and automatically (without the necessity of further action) be reduced in the principal amount of the Closing Date Term Loan made by such Lender. 
 1 

 (b) Delayed Draw Term Loans . (i) Delayed Draw Term Loans G enerally. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions in this Section 1.1(b) and this Agreement, upon not less than fifteen (15) Business Days (or such shorter period as Agent may agree in its absolute discretion) after delivery by Borrower to Agent of a Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request by no later than 1:00 PM New York City time on such day, each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender, severally, agrees at any time prior to the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date, to lend to Borrower, in one or more advances (each such advance, a Delayed Draw Term Loan and collectively, the Delayed Draw Term Loans , and together with any Closing Date Term Loans, each, a Term Loan , and collectively, the Term Loans or the Loan in a principal amount not to exceed the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender; provided further , that each Delayed Draw Term Loan shall be made on a pro rata basis based on the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender as of the funding date of any Delayed Draw Term Loan relative to the aggregate amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments of the other Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders as of such funding date (or on such other basis as the Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders all agree); provided further , that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Loan Documents, each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender shall (unless otherwise directed by Agent in writing, including via e-mail) disburse the proceeds of each Delayed Draw Term Loan made by such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender to the Borrower directly (and not to the Agent for distribution to the Borrower), provided that each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender shall provide to Agent any information reasonably requested by Agent regarding any Delayed Draw Term Loan made by a Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender. Borrower agrees that each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender may satisfy any amounts owing to such Lender under the Fee Letters, by deducting such amounts from the proceeds of any Delayed Draw Term Loan made by such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender to Borrower. The Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders shall make no more than one Delayed Draw Term Loan in any Fiscal Month. Any Delayed Draw Term Loan shall be in a minimum amount of Five Million Dollars 5,000,000) and multiples of One Hundred Thousand Dollars 100,000) in excess thereof (or such other amount as agreed to by all of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders with a remaining Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment); provided, that if the remaining Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments are less than Five Million Dollars 5,000,000), then the minimum amount of each Delayed Draw Term Loan shall be the maximum amount of the remaining Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments. Any Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request delivered by Borrower hereunder shall be irrevocable and binding on Borrower and shall obligate Borrower to accept the Delayed Draw Term Loans requested from the Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders on the proposed funding date. The Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments shall reduce to zero automatically on the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date and no Delayed Draw Term Loan shall be made on or after the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date. After the funding of any Delayed Draw Term Loan by a Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender, the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender shall immediately and automatically (without the necessity of further action) be reduced in the principal amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan made by such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender. (ii) Conditions to Making of Delayed Draw Term Loans . The obligation of each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender to make any Delayed Draw Term Loan is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent on the relevant funding date, both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to the making of any Delayed Draw Term Loan: (A) Agent shall have received a Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request; (B) The representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and in each of the other Loan Documents, certificate or other writing delivered to the Agent pursuant thereto are true and correct in all material respects as of the applicable funding date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (except in each case (whether the applicable funding date or such earlier date) to the extent that such representation or warranty is qualified by Material Adverse Effect or any other materiality qualifier, in which case it is true and correct in all respects); (C) no Default or Event of Default exists and is continuing or would result therefrom; (D) the aggregate Delayed Draw Term Loan Funded Amount of all Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders would not exceed the aggregate Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments; 
 2 

 (E) the Delayed Draw Term Loan Funded Amount of any Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender would not exceed such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender s Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment; (F) Borrower shall certify to Agent, and attach evidence to the Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request demonstrating, that immediately before and immediately after the making of the requested Delayed Draw Term Loan, (1) the Credit Parties are in compliance on a pro forma basis with the financial covenants set forth under Section 4.2 (based on the financial covenant levels for the testing period then most recently ended or, in the case of any proposed Delayed Draw Term Loan to be made prior to first date on which the financial covenants are tested under Section 4.2, for the period ending on such first date), and (2) the Total Leverage Ratio (determined on a pro forma basis after the making of such Delayed Draw Term Loan) shall not exceed 3.25:1.00; and (G) the proceeds of the Delayed Draw Term Loan shall only be used for Permitted Acquisitions or working capital of the Credit Parties. Each Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request submitted by Borrower to Agent shall constitute a representation and warranty by Borrower hereunder, as of the date such Delayed Draw Term Loan is requested to be made, that all of the conditions in this Section 1.1(b) are satisfied. (c) Principal Repayments of the Term Loans . On each Payment Date occurring on and after April 1, 2024, Borrower shall make principal payments on the Term Loans to the Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders in quarterly installments equal to the sum of (x) 262,500 437,500 (such amount being equal to 0.75 1.25 of the 35,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Closing Date Term Loans), plus (y) 0.75 1.25 of the aggregate initial principal amounts of all Delayed Draw Term Loans that have been made prior to the applicable Payment Date, which sum shall be payable on the first day of each calendar quarter (or, solely in the case of the calendar quarter commencing January 1, 2023, on January 9, 2023) (each such date, a Payment Date ). Borrower shall repay the entire outstanding balance of the Loan on the Stated Maturity Date. Amounts repaid or prepaid on any of the Term Loans may not be reborrowed. 1.2 Term and Prepayment . (a) Upon the Maturity Date of the Loan, Borrower shall pay to Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders (i) all outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest on the Loan plus , without duplication of amounts paid pursuant to Section 1.2(b), 1 of the then outstanding principal balance of the Loan and (ii) all other Obligations relating to the Loan then due to or incurred by Agent or the Lenders. (b) On any Payment Date, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred hereunder, Borrower shall have the right upon thirty (30) calendar days prior written notice to Agent, to make a voluntary prepayment (a Voluntary Prepayment of all or a portion (in a minimum amount of 1,000,000 and integrate multiples of 100,000 in excess thereof) of the principal amount of all of the Term Loans then outstanding. If the Borrower elects to prepay the Term Loans pursuant to this Section1.2(b) or otherwise, or if the Term Loans are mandatorily prepaid in whole or in part pursuant to any other clause of this Section 1.2 (each, a Mandatory Prepayment and together with any Voluntary Prepayment, the Prepayments ), the Borrower shall pay to the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders a prepayment fee as follows: (i) in the case of any Prepayment (other than under Section 1.2(f) or (h) made prior to August 3, 2023, 3 of the principal Loan amount being prepaid on the date of such Prepayment; (ii) in the case of any Prepayment (other than under Section 1.2(f) or (h) made on or after August 3, 2023 and prior to August 3, 2024, 2 of the principal Loan amount being prepaid on the date of such Prepayment; and (iii) in the case of any Prepayment (other than under Section 1.2(f) or h)) made on or after August 3, 2024, 1 of the principal Loan amount being prepaid on the date of such Prepayment. (c) Asset Sales and Casualty Events . Not later than five (5) Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds of any Asset Sale or any Casualty Event by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, Credit Parties shall make Mandatory Prepayments of the Obligations to be applied thereto in accordance with Section 1.8 in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds; provided , that such Net Cash Proceeds shall not be required to be applied as a mandatory prepayment on such date to the extent that (x) no 
 3 

 Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (y) Credit Parties have delivered an Officers Certificate to the Agent on or prior to such date stating that such Net Cash Proceeds are expected to be reinvested in fixed or capital assets within six (6) months following the date of such Asset Sale or Casualty Event (which Officers Certificate shall set forth the estimates of the proceeds to be so expended); provided , that (A) all such Net Cash Proceeds that are proposed to be reinvested shall be held in a cash collateral deposit account under the exclusive dominion and control of the Agent (and Agent shall, for the avoidance of doubt, have the sole and exclusive right to direct and/or give instructions to the depository institution regarding the disposition of funds in such account) (such account, the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account and constitute Term Loan Priority Collateral under the Intercreditor Agreement, and (B) if all or any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds is not so reinvested within such six (6)-month period, such unused portion shall be applied on the last day of such period (or the Maturity Date, if earlier) as a Mandatory Prepayment as provided in this Section 1 .2(c); provided , further , that if the property subject to such Asset Sale or such Casualty Event constituted Collateral, then all property purchased with the Net Cash Proceeds thereof pursuant to this subsection shall be made subject to the Lien created pursuant to this Agreement in favor of the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders in accordance with Sections 3.20 and 3 .28. Nothing contained in this Section 1.2(c) shall permit any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries to effect any Asset Sale other than in accordance with Section 5 .4. (d) Debt Issuance or Preferred Stock Issuance . Not later than one (1) Business Day following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds of any Debt Issuance (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall exclude the Subordinated Debt issued on or about the Third Amendment Effective Date) or Preferred Stock Issuance by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, at the election of Agent, Borrower shall make Mandatory Prepayments of the Obligations to be applied thereto in accordance with Section 1.8 in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds. The provisions of this Section 1.2(d) shall not be an implied consent to any such issuance otherwise prohibited by the terms of this Agreement. (e) Equity Issuance . Not later than three (3) Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds of any Equity Issuance, Borrower shall make Mandatory Prepayments of the Obligations to be applied thereto in accordance with Section 1.8 in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds. The provisions of this Section 1.2(e) shall not be an implied consent to any such issuance otherwise prohibited by the terms of this Agreement. (f) Prepayments from Excess Cash Flow . On the date that the Borrower s financial statements are required to be delivered to Agent under Section 4.1 for the periods ending December 31 of each calendar year, beginning with the financial statements for the period ending December 31, 2021, the Borrower shall deliver a certificate (the Excess Cash Flow Certificate ), executed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower, to Agent and the Lenders which shall set forth the calculation of Excess Cash Flow for such period and irrevocably offer and agree to prepay the Obligations in an amount equal to (x) (A) if the Total Leverage Ratio is greater than 3.00:1.00, fifty percent (50 of Excess Cash Flow, and (B) if the Total Leverage Ratio is equal to or less than 3.00:1.00 and greater than 2.00:1.00, twenty with respect to the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2023 and each Fiscal Year thereafter, seventy -five percent 25 75 of Excess Cash Flow, less (y) all Voluntary Prepayments made during such calendar year on the Term Loans; provided that, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, no such prepayments shall be required unless Excess Cash Flow for such year equals or exceeds 500,000, at which point the Borrower shall cause to be prepaid an aggregate principal amount of Loans equal to the applicable percentage of Excess Cash Flow as set forth herein from the first dollar. The Borrower shall make any Prepayment under this clause (f) on the date that is ten (10) Business Days after the date that Borrower s financial statements are required to be delivered to Agent under Section 4.1 for the period ending December 31 of each calendar year. Excess Cash Flow for each calendar year shall be calculated on the basis of the financial statements delivered to Agent pursuant to the Section 4.1 for the period ending on the last day of such calendar year. Each Lender may accept or reject the offer to prepay the Obligations made pursuant to this Section 1.2(f) by causing a written notice of such acceptance or rejection to be delivered to Agent on or before the second day prior to the date the Prepayment is due. A failure by a Lender to respond to an offer to prepay made pursuant to this Section 1.2(f) on or before such date shall be deemed to constitute an acceptance of such offer. All such prepayments from Excess Cash Flow shall be applied to the Obligations in accordance with Section 1.8 . 
 4 

 (g) Reserved . (h) Arbitration Recovery Proceeds and Other Extraordinary Receipts . (i) Not later than three (3) Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds from an Arbitration Recovery (such Net Cash Proceeds calculated after giving effect to the payment of all obligations owing by the Borrower to the litigation finance partner pursuant to written agreements between the Borrower and such litigation partner, costs, fees and expenses incurred or payable by the Borrower in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding including, without limitation, all legal costs and disbursements incurred or made by the Borrower in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding), Borrower shall make Mandatory Prepayments of the Obligations to be applied thereto in accordance with Section 1.8 in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds; provided , that all such Net Cash Proceeds shall immediately upon receipt by Borrower, prior to the making of any Mandatory Prepayment in accordance with the foregoing, be held in the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account and constitute Term Loan Priority Collateral under the Intercreditor Agreement. Any Net Cash Proceeds of an Arbitration Recovery shall immediately upon receipt by Borrower be deposited in the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account and, unless applied as a Mandatory Prepayment in accordance with this Section 1.2(h), remain on deposit in such Term Loan Priority Collateral Account, including (in respect of any prepayment that is declined by any of the Lenders under Section 1.2(i)) in the period (if any) from and after the time any of the Lenders decline a proposed prepayment of such Net Cash Proceeds, subject, until an Activation Notice has been delivered to the applicable depository in respect of the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account, to the Borrower s right to use those Net Cash Proceeds in accordance with the Loan Documents. (ii) Not later than three (3) Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds from any Extraordinary Receipts (other than (A) from an Arbitration Recovery, and (B) so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, the Proceeds from the Chubb Proceedings and/or the Koontz-Wagner Bankruptcy Proceedings), Borrower shall make Mandatory Prepayments of the Obligations to be applied thereto in accordance with Section 1.8 in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds. (i) Lender Option to Decline Prepayme nt. With respect to any Mandatory Prepayment required pursuant to this Section 1 .2, any Lender, at its option, may elect not to accept such prepayment as provided below. The Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify the Agent of any event giving rise to a prepayment under Section 1.2 at least five (5) Business Days prior to the date of such prepayment. Each such notice shall specify the expected date of such prepayment and provide a reasonably detailed estimated calculation of the amount of such prepayment that is required to be made under this Section 1.2 (the Prepayment Amount ). The Agent will promptly notify each Lender of the contents of any such prepayment notice so received from the Borrower, including the date on which such prepayment is expected to be made by the Borrower (the Prepayment Date ). Any Lender may decline to accept all or any portion of its share of any such prepayment (any such Lender, a Declining Lender by providing written notice to the Agent no later than two (2) Business Days after the date of such Lender s receipt of notice from the Agent regarding such prepayment. If any Lender does not give a notice to the Agent on or prior to such second Business Day informing the Agent that it declines to accept the applicable prepayment, then such Lender will be deemed to have accepted such prepayment. On any Prepayment Date, an amount equal to the Prepayment Amount including the portion thereof allocable to Declining Lenders, in each case for such Prepayment Date, shall be paid to the Agent by the Borrower and applied by the Agent ratably to prepay the applicable Loan owing to Lenders (other than Declining Lenders) in the manner described in Section 1.8 for such prepayment. The portion of such Prepayment Amount that was allocated to any Declining Lender shall be applied pro rata to the Lenders who have not declined their share of such Prepayment Amount. 1.3 Use of Proceeds . Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Loan (i) to refinance on the Closing Date, prior indebtedness, (ii) for working capital purposes and other corporate purposes, and (iii) to pay any fees associated with transactions contemplated under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 1.4 Single Loan . The Loan and all of the other Obligations shall constitute one general obligation of Borrower 
 5 

 secured by all of the Collateral. 1.5 Interest . (a) Borrower shall pay interest to Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders on the outstanding balance of the Loan at a per annum rate equal to (i) from the Closing Date until December 31, 2022, LIBOR plus the Applicable Margin, and (ii) from and after January 1, 2023, Adjusted Term SOFR plus the Applicable Margin. All computations of interest on the Loan shall be made by Agent on the basis of a three hundred and sixty (360) day year, in each case for the actual number of days occurring in the period for which such interest is payable. In no event will Agent charge interest at a rate that exceeds the highest rate of interest permissible under any law that a court of competent jurisdiction shall, in a final determination, deem applicable. (b) Interest shall be payable on the balance of the Loan (i) quarterly in arrears and shall be due on the first day of each calendar quarter (subject, solely in the case of the calendar quarter commencing January 1, 2023, to the adjustment noted in the following sentence), (ii) on the Maturity Date of the Loan, and (iii) if any interest accrues or remains payable after the Maturity Date of the Loan, upon demand by Agent. For the each Payment Date occurring from and including January 1, 2023 Payment Date until and including January 1, 2024 , interest accrued for the quarter ending December 31, 2022, shall be payable in cash and payable in-kind as follows: (x) 10 per annum shall be paid in cash on and (y) (i) solely in the case of the calendar quarter commencing January 1, 2023, and (y) on January 9, 2023 (a) LIBOR, plus (b) the Applicable Margin, minus (c) 10 per annum, shall be paid -in-kind on (be capitalized, compounded and thereby increase) the outstanding principal amount of the Loan (as such principal amount is increased from time to time) on January 9, 2023 as if such interest was paid-in-kind and the principal amount of the Loan increased by the paid-in-kind interest on January 1, 2023 (i.e., the paid-in-kind interest is due and payable on January 9, 2023, but from and after January 9, 2023 is deemed to have increased the Loan amount by the applicable paid-in-kind interest amount as of January 1, 2023 such that the interest payable on the April 1, 2023 Payment Date for the entire quarter ending March 31, 2023 shall accrue based on the principal amount of the Loan as if the paid-in-kind interest was paid on January 1, 2023); and (ii) for each other Payment Date in such period, the PIK Rate shall be paid-in-kind on (be capitalized, compounded and thereby increase) the outstanding principal amount of the Loan (as such principal amount is increased from time to time) on each such Payment Date. For each Payment Date occurring after April 1, 2024, all interest shall be payable in cash on January 9, 2023 . (c) Effective upon the occurrence of any Event of Default and for so long as any Event of Default shall be continuing, the interest rate applicable to the Loan shall automatically be increased by two percent (2.0 per annum (such increased rate, the Default Rate ), and all outstanding Obligations, including accrued but unpaid interest (to the extent permitted under applicable law), shall continue to accrue interest from the date of such Event of Default until the earlier of (x) the date on which such Obligations are paid in full and (y) the date on which such Event of Default ceases to be continuing, at the Default Rate applicable to such Obligations. (d) If any payment to the Agent or any Lender under this Agreement becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, such Payment Date shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and interest thereon shall be payable at the then applicable rate during such extension. (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 1.5 , if a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final order that the rate of interest payable hereunder exceeds the highest rate of interest permissible under law (the Maximum Lawful Rate ), then so long as the Maximum Lawful Rate would be so exceeded, the rate of interest payable hereunder shall be equal to the Maximum Lawful Rate; provided , however , that if at any time thereafter the rate of interest payable hereunder is less than the Maximum Lawful Rate, Borrower shall continue to pay interest hereunder at the Maximum Lawful Rate until such time as the total interest received by Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders is equal to the total interest that would have been received had the interest rate payable hereunder been (but for the operation of this paragraph) the interest rate payable since the Closing Date as otherwise provided in this Agreement. In no event shall the total interest received by Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders pursuant to the terms hereof exceed the amount that Agent could lawfully have received had the interest due hereunder been 
 6 

 calculated for the full term hereof at the Maximum Lawful Rate. (f) For the purposes of the Interest Act (Canada), (i) whenever a rate of interest or fee rate hereunder is calculated on the basis of a year (the deemed year that contains fewer days than the actual number of days in the calendar year of calculation, such rate of interest or fee rate shall be expressed as a yearly rate by multiplying such rate of interest or fee rate by the actual number of days in the calendar year of calculation and dividing it by the number of days in the deemed year, (ii) the principle of deemed reinvestment of interest shall not apply to any interest calculation hereunder and (iii) the rates of interest stipulated herein are intended to be nominal rates and not effective rates or yields. (g) On the earlier to occur of (i) the Maturity Date, (ii) the Termination Date, (iii) any acceleration of the Obligations in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, (iv) termination of this Agreement by any party hereto in accordance with the terms hereof, the Borrower shall pay Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders, additional interest in an amount equal to 350,000. For the avoidance of doubt, amounts due under this Section 1.5(g) shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any amounts due under Section 1.2 of this Agreement, if any. 1.6 Fees . Borrower agrees to pay to Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders: (a) the fees set forth in that certain (i) EIP Fee Letter, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among Agent and the Borrower, (ii) CION Fee Letter, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among Agent and the Borrower and (iii) CrowdOut Fee Letter, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among Agent and the Borrower (collectively, each as may be amended, the Fee Letters ), in each case, when such fees are due and payable; and (b) all fees, costs and expenses of closing due and owing and presented as of the Closing Date, including without limitation, those relating to (i) Agent s due diligence review and evaluation of the transaction, (ii) the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of the Loan Documents, (iii) the closing of the Transactions, (iv) all appraisal, audit, environmental, title work, travel, inspection, surveys, filing, search and registration fees, (v) any loan, escrow, recording and transfer fees and taxes (as applicable), and (vi) Agent s counsel reasonable fees and expenses relating to any of the foregoing; and (c) additional interest (the Third Amendment Additional Interest in an amount equal to 254,167.48 (such amount being equal to 1.00 of the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans as of the date that is 1 Business Day prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date), which Third Amendment Additional Interest shall be paid in kind and added to the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans on the Third Amendment Effective Date, which Third Amendment Additional Interest shall be payable to the Agent for the ratable benefit of each Lender that has delivered an executed signature page to the Third Amendment on or prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date.Under the First Amendment to this Agreement, additional interest of 175,000 was paid by Borrower to the Agent on the effective date of such First Amendment. Under such First Amendment, this additional interest was, due to administrative error, incorrectly referred to as an amendment fee, but is hereby deemed to constitute additional interest as of the date it was paid. The Borrower agrees that any fees due and payable by the Borrower on the Closing Date, or on the funding date of any Delayed Draw Term Loan, may be satisfied by the Agent, or the Delayed Draw Term Lenders making such Delayed Draw Term Loan, deducting or setting off the amount of such fees from the proceeds of the Term Loan funded to the Borrower on the Closing Date, or on such funding date of a Delayed Draw Term Loan, and by Agent paying such fees to the Persons to whom such fees are owed (or each Lender paying such fees to itself in the case that the Lender funds a Term Loan to the Borrower directly, and not by first funding Agent before a Term Loan is funded to Borrower). 1.7 Receipt of Payments; Taxes . 
 7 

 (a) Borrower shall make each payment under this Agreement (not otherwise made pursuant to Section 1.8 without set-off, counterclaim or deduction and free and clear of all Taxes not later than 1:00 PM New York City time on the day when due in lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds to an account specified by the Agent in writing, except as required by applicable law. If a Withholding Agent shall be required by applicable law to deduct any Taxes from any payment to any Recipient under any Loan Document, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by Borrower shall be increased so that, after making all required deductions (including such deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 1.7 ), the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to that which it would have received had no such deductions been made. Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 1.7 , Borrower shall deliver to Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to Agent. (b) If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to Section 1.7(a) or Section 1.10 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to Section 1 .7(a)), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under Sections 1.7(a) and Section 1.10 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this Section 1.7(b) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 1 .7(b), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this Section 1.7(b) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This Section 1.7(b) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 1.8 Application and Allocation of Payments. Except as otherwise provided in the Intercreditor Agreement, Borrower irrevocably agrees that Agent shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply any and all payments against the then due and payable Obligations in such order as Agent may deem advisable; provided , however , that unless Agent elects otherwise any and all Mandatory Prepayments shall be applied against the then due and payable Obligations as follows: (a) first , against the remaining principal installments of the Term Loan (including the final installment on the Maturity Date) in inverse order of maturity until the principal on the Term Loans is paid in full; (b) second , to payment of all accrued unpaid cash interest on the Obligations; (c) third , to payment of costs and expenses, including attorneys fees, of Agent payable or reimbursable by Credit Parties under the Loan Documents; (d) fourth , to payment of any other amounts owing constituting Obligations; and (e) fifth , any remainder shall be for the account of and paid to whoever may be lawfully entitled thereto. Each of Lenders or other Persons entitled to payment shall receive an amount equal to its pro rata share of amounts available to be applied pursuant to clauses (a) , b), (d) and (e) above. 1.9 Accounting. Each Lender is authorized to record on its books and records the date and amount of the Loan and each payment of principal thereof and such recordation shall constitute prima facie evidence of the accuracy of the information so recorded. 1.10 Indemnity . Borrower and each other Credit Party executing this Agreement jointly and severally agree to indemnify and hold each Recipient and their Affiliates, and each of their respective employees, officers, attorneys, advisors and agents (each, an Indemnified Person ), harmless from and against any and all suits, actions, proceedings, claims, damages, demands, losses, liabilities and expenses of any kind or nature whatsoever (including 
 8 

 reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements and other costs of investigation or defense, including those incurred upon any appeal) that may be instituted or asserted against or incurred by any such Indemnified Person as the result of credit having been extended, suspended or terminated under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or with respect to the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance and administration of, or in any other way arising out of or relating to, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any other documents or transactions contemplated by or referred to herein or therein and any actions or failures to act with respect to any of the foregoing, including any and all product liabilities, Environmental Liabilities, Indemnified Taxes (including, without duplication, Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under Section 1.7 or Section 1.10 and reasonable legal costs and expenses arising out of or incurred in connection with disputes between or among any parties to any of the Loan Documents (collectively, Indemnified Liabilities ), except to the extent that any such Indemnified Liability (x) is finally determined by a non-appealable court order by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted solely from such Indemnified Person s willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence, or (y) arises in a dispute among Indemnified Parties, to which the Borrower and Guarantors are not a party, and which dispute does not arise from any act or omission of the Borrower or any of the Borrower s affiliates (other than a claim against any agent or arranger solely in its capacity as an arranger or agent under the Loan Documents). NO INDEMNIFIED PERSON SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO ANY CREDIT PARTY, ANY SUCCESSOR, ASSIGNEE OR THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY OR ANY OTHER PERSON ASSERTING CLAIMS DERIVATIVELY THROUGH SUCH PARTY, FOR INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT MAY BE ALLEGED AS A RESULT OF CREDIT HAVING BEEN EXTENDED, SUSPENDED OR TERMINATED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR AS A RESULT OF ANY OTHER TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER. 1.11 Rates . The Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 1.12 Joinder of New Subsidiaries as a Credit Party, Etc . As soon as possible (and in any event upon the earlier of (a) thirty (30) days after formation or (b) the date on which such Subsidiary owns any material assets) after the formation of any new Subsidiary of a Credit Party or simultaneously with the consummation of acquisition of any new Subsidiary of a Credit Party, Borrower shall take such actions as required by Section 3.28 and cause such new Subsidiary to become a Grantor and either a co-Borrower or Guarantor under this Agreement by having the following documents delivered to the Lenders: (i) a Secretarial Certificate, a Power of Attorney and a Joinder Agreement in the forms of Exhibits C , D and H attached hereto, respectively, duly completed, executed and delivered by such new Subsidiary, (ii) security and other collateral documents, filings and instruments with respect to such new Subsidiary of the types described on Schedule D attached hereto and such other collateral documents, filings and instruments with respect to such new Subsidiary necessary or desirable to create and perfect Liens in favor of Agent on the assets of such new Subsidiary, (iii) an opinion of counsel to such new Subsidiary, in form, substance and scope comparable to the legal opinion of Borrower s counsel delivered to Agent and Lenders on the Closing Date and (iv) an updated Disclosure Schedule (3.7) . Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Inactive Subsidiary shall form any new Subsidiary. 1.13 Non-Funding Lenders. Unless Agent shall have received notice from any Lender prior to the date such 
 9 

 Lender is required to make any advance or payment hereunder with respect to the Loan that such Lender will not make such advance or payment (or any portion thereof) available to Agent or to Borrower to the extent required hereunder, Agent may assume that such Lender has made such payment available to Agent or Borrower, as applicable, on the date such advance or payment is required to be made in accordance with this Section 1 and Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. Borrower agrees to repay to Agent on demand such amount made available by Agent (until repaid by such Lender) with interest thereon for each day from the date such amount is made available to Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to Agent, at the interest rate applicable to the Obligation that would have been created when Agent made available such amount to Borrower had such Lender made a corresponding payment available; provided , however , that such payment shall not relieve such Lender of any obligation it may have to Borrower. In addition, any Lender that shall not have made available to Agent or Borrower, as applicable, any portion of any advance or payment described above (any such Lender, a Non-Funding Lender agrees to pay such amount, to the extent Agent made such amount available to Borrower, to Agent on demand together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to Agent, at the interest rate applicable at the time to the Term Loan. Such repayment shall then constitute the funding of the corresponding Loan (including any Loan deemed to have been made hereunder with such payment) or participation. The existence of any Non-Funding Lender shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations under any Loan Document, but no other Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any Non-Funding Lender to make any payment required under any Loan Document. 1.14 Substitution of Lenders . (a) Substitution Right . In the event that any Lender that is not an Affiliate of Agent (an Affected Lender ), (i) becomes a Non-Funding Lender with respect to the Loan or (ii) does not consent to any amendment, waiver or consent to any Loan Document for which the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained but that requires the consent of all Lenders, Borrower may either pay in full such Affected Lender with respect to amounts due on the Term Loan at par value of such Term Loan (and without any prepayment premium or other fee) of such Lender with the consent of Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) or substitute for such Affected Lender any other Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender or any other Person acceptable (which acceptance shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) to Agent (in each case, a Substitute Lender ). (b) Procedure . To substitute such Affected Lender or pay in full the Obligations owed to such Affected Lender under such Lender s Term Loan at par value (and without any prepayment premium or other fee), Borrower shall deliver a notice to Agent and such Affected Lender. The effectiveness of such payment or substitution shall be subject to the delivery to Agent by Borrower (or, as may be applicable in the case of a substitution, by the Substitute Lender) of (i) payment for the account of such Affected Lender, of, to the extent accrued through, and outstanding on, the effective date for such payment or substitution, all Obligations owing to such Affected Lender with respect to such Lender s Term Loan at par value (and without any prepayment premium or other fee), and (ii) in the case of a substitution, (A) payment of the assignment fee set forth in Section 8(a) and (B) an assumption agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Agent whereby the Substitute Lender shall, among other things, agree to be bound by the terms of the Loan Documents and assume the Term Loan Commitments of the Affected Lender. (c) Effectiveness . Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in clause (b) above, Agent shall record such substitution or payment in the Register, whereupon (i) in the case of any payment in full of all Obligations owing to such Affected Lender, such Affected Lender s Term Loan Commitments (if not previously terminated) and the outstanding Term Loan shall be terminated and (ii) in the case of any substitution, (A) the Affected Lender shall sell and be relieved of, and the Substitute Lender shall purchase and assume, all rights and claims of such Affected Lender under the Loan Documents with respect to such Lender s Term Loan, except that the Affected Lender shall retain such rights expressly providing that they survive the repayment of the Obligations and the termination of the Term Loan Commitments, (B) the Substitute Lender shall become a Lender hereunder having a Term Loan Commitment (if not previously terminated) and the outstanding Term Loan in the amount of such Affected Lender s Term Loan Commitment and/or outstanding Term Loan as applicable, and (C) the Affected Lender shall execute and deliver to Agent an Assignment Agreement to evidence such substitution and deliver any Note in its possession with respect to its Term Loan; provided , however , that the failure of any Affected Lender to 
 10 

 execute any such Assignment Agreement or deliver any such Note shall not render such sale and purchase (or the corresponding assignment) invalid. 1.15 Inability to Determine Rates . Subject to Section 10.17, if, on or prior to the first day of any quarter, either (a) the Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, or (b) the Required Lenders determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a SOFR Loan or a conversion thereto or a continuation thereof that Adjusted Term SOFR for any applicable interest period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making and maintaining such Loan, and the Required Lenders have provided notice of such determination to the Agent, then, in each case, the Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Upon notice thereof by the Agent to the Borrower, any obligation of the Lenders to make SOFR Loans, and any right of the Borrower to continue SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to SOFR Loans, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected interest periods) until the Agent (with respect to the foregoing clause (b), at the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected interest periods) or, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing or continuation of, or conversion to, Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein and (ii) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted into Base Rate Loans at the end of the applicable interest period. Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to this Agreement. Subject to Section 10.17, if the Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof on any given day, the interest rate on Base Rate Loans shall be determined by the Agent without reference to the clause of the definition of Base Rate that is based on Adjusted Term SOFR until the Agent revokes such determination. 2. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 2.1 Conditions to the Loan . No Lender shall be obligated to make a Term Loan on the Closing Date, unless and until all of the following conditions have been satisfied in a manner satisfactory to Agent in its sole discretion, or waived in writing by Agent: (a) Closing Checklist . The documents and other items or actions set forth on the Closing Checklist Schedule D shall have been duly executed and delivered, or completed by the appropriate parties, except where such Closing Checklist indicates that such document, item or action may be delivered or completed after the Closing Date; (b) Insurance . Agent shall have received evidence satisfactory to it that the insurance policies provided for in Section 3.16 are in full force and effect, together with appropriate evidence showing loss payable or additional insured clauses or endorsements in favor of Agent as required under such Section; (c) Opinions of Counsel . Agent shall have received opinions of counsel to the Credit Parties with respect to this Agreement, the Notes and the other Loan Documents in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent; (d) Fees . Borrower has paid the fees under the Fee Letters due and payable on the Closing Date to Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders and shall have reimbursed Agent for all reasonable attorneys fees, and other costs and expenses of closing due and owing and presented as of the Closing Date (together with any estimates of any post-closing costs and expenses related to post-closing items, if any), each in immediately available funds, or authorized the Agent to deduct the fees due and payable on the Closing Date under the Fee Letters and such other fees, costs and expenses of closing from the amount of the Term Loan made on the Closing Date; (e) Reserved . (f) Representations and Warranties . Any representation or warranty by any Credit Party contained herein or in any of the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct (x) as stated as to representations and 
 11 

 warranties which contain materiality limitations, and (y) in all material respects as to all other representations and warranties; except to the extent that any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case, such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date (x) as stated as to representations and warranties which contain materiality limitations, and (y) in all material respects as to all other representations and warranties; (g) Material Adverse Effect . No event or circumstance that has had or reasonably could be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect has occurred since December 31, 2019; (h) Default . No Default has occurred or is continuing or would result after giving effect to the Loan; (i) Financings and Other Transactions, etc. (i) The Transactions shall have been consummated or shall be consummated simultaneously on the Closing Date, in each case in all material respects in accordance with the terms hereof and the terms of the Transaction Documents. (ii) The Borrower shall have entered into the Revolving Loan Agreement with the Revolving Agent and the other parties thereto, providing for a revolving credit facility to Borrower with an aggregate revolving commitment amount of 30,000,000, and the Revolving Loan Documents shall be reasonably acceptable to Agent and Co-Lead Arranger. Agent (on behalf of the Lenders), on the one hand, and the Revolving Agent (on behalf of the secured parties under the Revolving Loan Documents) shall have entered into an Intercreditor Agreement (the Intercreditor Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and Co-Lead Arranger. (iii) The Agent shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to it that all Indebtedness of the Credit Parties existing prior to the Closing Date and not permitted under Section 5.1 shall have been paid in full from Proceeds of the Loan and/or Proceeds of the initial advance under the Revolving Loan Agreement, and that the commitment by any prior lender to make extensions of credit to the Credit Parties has been terminated to the satisfaction of the Agent with all liens in favor of such prior lenders being unconditionally released; the Agent shall have received a pay-off letter in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent with respect to all such Indebtedness being paid in full from such Proceeds and any such commitment to make extensions of credit terminated; and the Agent shall have received from any Person holding any Lien securing any such debt, such UCC termination statements, mortgage releases, releases of assignments of leases and rents, releases of security interests in Intellectual Property and other instruments, in each case in proper form for recording, as the Agent shall have reasonably requested to release and terminate of record the Liens securing such debt. (j) Indebtedness and Minority Interests . After giving effect to the Transactions and the other transactions contemplated hereby, no Credit Party shall have outstanding any Indebtedness or preferred stock other than (i) the Loans hereunder, (ii) the Indebtedness under the Revolving Credit Agreement, (iii) the Indebtedness and preferred stock listed on Disclosure Schedule 3.18), and (iv) any Indebtedness otherwise permitted under Section 5 .1. (k) Requirements of Law . The Credit Parties and the Transactions shall be in full compliance with all material Requirements of Law, including Regulations T, U and X of the Federal Reserve Board, and Agent shall have received satisfactory evidence of such compliance reasonably requested by it. (l) Consents . All requisite Governmental Authorities and third parties shall have approved or consented to the Transactions, and there shall be no governmental or judicial action, actual or threatened, that has or would have, singly or in the aggregate, a reasonable likelihood of restraining, preventing or imposing burdensome conditions on the Transactions or the other transactions contemplated hereby. (m) Litigation . There shall be no litigation, public or private, or administrative proceedings, governmental investigation or other legal or regulatory developments, actual or threatened, that, singly or in 
 12 

 the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or could materially and adversely affect the ability of the Credit Parties to fully and timely perform their respective obligations under the Loan Documents or the ability of the parties to consummate the financings contemplated hereby or the other Transactions. (n) Sources and Uses . The sources and uses of the Loan shall be as set forth in Section 1.3 . (o) Personal Property Requirements . The Agent shall have received: (i) Unless provided otherwise in the Intercreditor Agreement, (A) all certificates, agreements or instruments representing or evidencing the Pledged Securities, and (B) original instruments of transfer and stock powers undated and endorsed in blank with respect to such certificates, agreements and instruments; (ii) all other certificates, agreements, or instruments necessary to perfect the Agent s security interest in all Chattel Paper, all Instruments, and all Investment Property of each Credit Party (to the extent required hereunder); (iii) UCC and PPSA financing statements in appropriate form for filing under the UCC and the PPSA, as applicable, filings with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, United States Copyright Office and the Canadian Intellectual Property Office, as applicable, and such other documents under applicable Requirements of Law in each jurisdiction as may be necessary or appropriate or, in the opinion of the Agent, desirable to perfect the Liens created, or purported to be created, hereunder; (iv) certified copies (to the extent applicable) of UCC, PPSA, United States Patent and Trademark Office and United States Copyright Office, Canadian Intellectual Property Office, Bank Act (Canada), tax and judgment lien searches, bankruptcy, execution and pending lawsuit searches or equivalent reports or searches, each of a recent date listing all effective financing statements, lien notices or comparable documents that name any Credit Party as debtor and that are filed in those federal, provincial, territorial, state and county jurisdictions in which any Credit Party is organized or maintains its chief executive office, registered office, principal place of business, property or assets with a value in excess of 100,000 and such other searches that are required by the Perfection Certificate or that the Agent deems necessary or appropriate, none of which encumber the Collateral covered or intended to be covered hereunder (other than Permitted Liens or any other Liens acceptable to the Agent); and (v) evidence acceptable to the Agent of payment or arrangements for payment by the Credit Parties of all applicable recording taxes, fees, charges, costs and expenses required for the recording of Liens. (p) USA PATRIOT Act . The Lenders and the Agent shall have timely received the information required under Section 10.13 and background investigations of the Guarantors and the Borrower s management and the results thereof shall be satisfactory to Agent in its sole discretion. (q) Tax Analysis . Agent shall have completed a tax analysis of each Credit Party, the results of which shall be satisfactory to Agent in its sole discretion. (r) Capitalization Information . Agent shall have received from the Borrower, an accurate and complete, in all material respects, (i) list of the record shareholders of Holdings as maintained by Holdings and (ii) list of the shareholders holding at least 5 of the Equity Interests of Holdings (including the applicable ownership percentages), in each case, as of a recent date prior to the Closing Date. (s) Organization Chart . Agent shall have received from the Borrower an accurate and complete organization chart reflecting all of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries and joint ventures of Holdings (and any other Person in which Holdings or any of the foregoing Subsidiaries or joint ventures holds Equity Interests) 
 13 

 (including the applicable ownership percentages) as of: (i) the date immediately prior to the Closing Date (the Pre-Closing Organization Chart ), and (ii) the date immediately following the Closing Date (the Post-Closing Organization Chart (collectively, the Organization Charts ). To the extent that the Pre-Closing Organization Chart is identical to the Post-Closing Organization Chart, the Borrower may certify to Agent that the Post-Closing Organization Chart is identical to the Pre-Closing Organization Chart. (t) Financial Requirements . (i) Minimum Liquidity . After giving pro forma effect to the Transactions, Liquidity shall be equal to or greater than 7,500,000. (u) Delivery of SBA Documents . The Borrower shall have delivered the following documents in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and each Lender that is an SBIC (and, as applicable, duly executed and dated as of the Closing Date or an earlier date satisfactory to such SBIC): (i) a Note; (ii) the SBA Side Letter; (iii) each duly executed and completed SBA Form; and (iv) such other documents or instruments as reasonably requested by such SBIC to comply with the Act. (v) Financial Information . The Borrower shall have delivered the following documents in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent: (i) Annual projections for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for 5 years, including monthly projections for at least the 24 months following the Closing Date; and (ii) Audited financial statements for the prior three Fiscal Years (including the most recently ended Fiscal Year) and unaudited financial statements for last 3 fiscal quarters, all for Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated and consolidating basis. (iii) The Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Revolving Agent on the Closing Date. (iv) A pro forma balance sheet for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Agent. (v) Background checks on certain officers and members of management of the Borrower as determined by Agent and Co-Lead Arranger. (vi) Evidence of the solvency of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, pursuant to a form of solvency certificate in the form of Exhibit G hereto. 3. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS To induce Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to induce the Lenders to make the Loan, Borrower and each other Credit Party executing this Agreement, jointly and severally, represent and warrant to Agent and each Lender (each of which representations and warranties shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement), and promise to and agree with Agent and each Lender until the Termination Date as follows: 3.1 Corporate Existence; Compliance with Law . Each Grantor: (a) is, as of the Closing Date, and thereafter will continue to be (i) (A) a corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership, as applicable, duly organized, and validly existing (except as otherwise expressly permitted under Section 5.3) and (B) in good standing (or its equivalent) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (ii) duly qualified to do business and 
 14 

 in good standing (or its equivalent) in each other jurisdiction where its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (iii) in compliance with all Requirements of Law, Contractual Obligations and Permits that are necessary or appropriate for the conduct of such Grantor s business, except to the extent failure to comply therewith could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (b) has and will continue to have (i) the requisite corporate power, or limited liability company power, as applicable, and authority and the legal right to (A) execute and deliver the Loan Documents, in each case, as of the date of execution and delivery of such Loan Documents to which it is a party, (B) perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (C) own, pledge, mortgage or otherwise encumber and operate its properties, to lease the property it operates under lease, and to conduct its business as now, heretofore or proposed to be conducted, and (ii) except as could not, individually, or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, all licenses, permits, franchises, rights, powers, consents or approvals from or by all Persons or Governmental Authorities having jurisdiction over such Grantor that are necessary or appropriate for the conduct of its business. 3.2 Executive Offices, Registered Offices; Corporate or Other Names .(a) Each Grantor s name as it appears in official filings in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) the type of entity of each Grantor, (c) the organizational identification number issued by each Grantor s jurisdiction of incorporation or organization or a statement that no such number has been issued, (d) each Grantor s jurisdiction of organization or incorporation, and (e) the location of each Grantor s chief executive office, registered office and locations of Collateral when not in use by a customer of any Grantor are as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.2) and, except as set forth in such Disclosure Schedule, such locations have not changed during the preceding twelve (12) months. As of the Closing Date, during the prior five (5) years, except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.2) , no Grantor has been known as or conducted business in any other name (including trade names) than the name of such Grantor set forth on the signature page hereto. Borrower has only one jurisdiction of incorporation or organization. 3.3 Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations. The execution, delivery and performance by each Grantor of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and the creation of all Liens provided for herein and therein: (a) are and will continue to be within such Grantor s power and authority; (b) have been and will continue to be duly authorized by all necessary or proper action; (c) are not and will not be in violation of any Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation of such Grantor; (d) do not and will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) upon any of the Collateral; and (e) do not and will not require the consent or approval of any Governmental Authority or any other Person, except any such consents or approvals that have been given or made and are in full force and effect. As of the Closing Date, each Loan Document shall have been duly executed and delivered on behalf of each Grantor party thereto, and each such Loan Document upon such execution and delivery shall be and will continue to be a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Grantor, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, and other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally. 3.4 Financial Statements; Books and Records . (a) The annual, quarterly and monthly Financial Statements of the Grantors delivered pursuant to Section 4.1 present fairly in all material respects the financial condition of such Grantors as of the date of each such Financial Statement in accordance with GAAP (subject to normal year-end adjustments and to the absence of footnotes in the case of unaudited statements). (b) The Grantors shall keep proper books and records in which proper entries, reflecting all consolidated and consolidating financial transactions, will be made in accordance with GAAP and all Requirements of Law in all material respects of all financial transactions and the assets and business of each Grantor on a basis consistent with the Financial Statements. 3.5 Material Adverse Change . Between December 31, 2019 and the Closing Date, no events with respect to any Grantor have occurred that alone or in the aggregate has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation of any Grantor has or has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Grantor is in default, and to such Grantor s knowledge no third party is in default, under or with respect to any of its Contractual Obligations, that alone or in the aggregate has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 15 

 3.6 Revolving Loan Documents; Subordinated Loan Documents . With respect to the Term Loans, (i) the Borrower is permitted to incur such Term Loans under the Revolving Loan Documents and Subordinated Loan Documents, (ii) the Agent s Liens on the Collateral securing the Term Loans are permitted under the Revolving Loan Documents and and Subordinated Loan Documents, and (iii) the Borrower and each Credit Party are in compliance in all material respects with the Revolving Loan Documents , and Subordinated Loan Documents and no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing under such documents. As of the Third Amendment Effective Date, Agent has received true, correct and complete copies of the Revolving Loan Documents and the Subordinated Loan Documents. As of the Third Amendment Effective Date, None of the Revolving Loan Documents nor the Subordinated Loan Documents has been amended or supplemented, nor have any of the provisions thereof been waived, except pursuant to a written agreement or instrument which has heretofore been delivered to Agent. 3.7 Subsidiaries. Except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.7) , as of the Closing Date, no Credit Party has any Subsidiaries. The issued and outstanding Stock of each Credit Party (excluding all rights to purchase, options, warrants or similar rights or agreements pursuant to which any Credit Party may be required to issue, sell, repurchase or redeem any of its Stock) as of the Closing Date is accurately reflected in the organizational chart delivered pursuant to Section 3.29(c) and set forth in the Perfection Certificate or any supplement thereto (whichever was most recently delivered to Agent). 3.8 Government Regulation; Margin Regulations . No Grantor is subject to or regulated under any federal, state, provincial or territorial statute, rule or regulation that restricts or limits such Person s ability to incur Indebtedness, pledge its assets, or to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents. The making of the Loan, the application of the proceeds and repayment thereof, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents do not and will not violate any Requirement of Law. No Grantor is engaged, nor will it engage, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security as such terms are defined in Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board as now and hereafter in effect (such securities being referred to herein as Margin Stock ). No Grantor owns any Margin Stock, and none of the proceeds of the Loan or other extensions of credit under this Agreement will be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock or reducing or retiring any Indebtedness that was originally incurred to purchase or carry any Margin Stock. No Grantor will take or permit to be taken any action that could reasonably be expected to cause any Loan Document to violate any regulation of the Federal Reserve Board. 3.9 Taxes; Charges . Except as disclosed in Disclosure Schedule (3.9) , all tax returns, reports and statements required by any Governmental Authority to be filed by Borrower or any other Grantor have, as of the Closing Date, been filed and will, until the Termination Date, be filed with the appropriate Governmental Authority and, as of the Closing Date, no tax Lien has been filed against any Grantor or any Grantor s property. Borrower and each Grantor has paid all federal, state, provincial and other taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves are being maintained in accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Disclosure Schedule (3.9) sets forth as of the Closing Date those taxable years for which any Grantor s tax returns are currently being audited by the IRS or any other applicable Governmental Authority and any assessments or assessments threatened in writing in connection with such audit, or otherwise currently outstanding. As of the Closing Date, no Grantor has agreed or been requested to make any adjustment under Section 481(a) of the IRC (or the comparable provisions of the Income Tax Act (Canada) in respect of a Canadian Credit Party), by reason of a change in accounting method or otherwise, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 3.10 Payment of Obligations . Each Grantor will pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or before they become delinquent, as the case may be, all of its material Charges and other obligations of whatever nature, except where the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and reserves in conformity with GAAP with respect thereto have been provided on the books of such Grantor and, except as otherwise notified to Agent in writing, no material portion of the Collateral is or could reasonably be expected to become subject to any Lien or forfeiture or loss as a result of such contest. 3.11 ERISA and Canadian Pension Plans . 
 16 

 (a) No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other existing ERISA Events, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in Disclosure Schedule (3.11) , the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of the Grantors under each Plan (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent Financial Statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of such Plan by more than the Threshold Amount when aggregated with the potential Withdrawal Liability, and the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of all underfunded Plans (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Account Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent Financial Statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of such underfunded Plans by more than the Threshold Amount when aggregated with the potential Withdrawal Liability. No Grantor or ERISA Affiliate has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any Withdrawal Liability in excess of the Threshold Amount. (b) Each Grantor shall furnish to the Agent (x) as soon as possible after, and in any event within five (5) days after any Responsible Officer of any Credit Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates knows or has reason to know that, any ERISA Event has occurred that, alone or together with any other ERISA Event could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Credit Parties or any of their ERISA Affiliates in an aggregate amount exceeding the Threshold Amount or the imposition of a Lien, a statement of a Responsible Officer of such Credit Party or such ERISA Affiliate setting forth details as to such ERISA Event and the action, if any, that such Credit Party or such ERISA Affiliate proposes to take with respect thereto; (y) upon request by the Agent, copies of (i) each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) filed by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate with the IRS with respect to each Plan; (ii) the most recent actuarial valuation report for each Plan; (iii) all notices received by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan sponsor or any governmental agency concerning an ERISA Event; and (iv) such other documents or governmental reports or filings relating to any Plan (or employee benefit plan, as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, sponsored or contributed to by any Credit Party) as the Agent shall reasonably request and (z) promptly following any request therefor, copies of (i) any documents described in Section 101(k) of ERISA that any Credit Party or its ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan and (ii) any notices described in Section 101(1) of ERISA that any Credit Party or its ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan; provided , that if any Credit Party or its ERISA Affiliate has not requested such documents or notices from the administrator or sponsor of the applicable Multiemployer Plan, the applicable Credit Party or ERISA Affiliate shall promptly make a request for such documents or notices from such administrator or sponsor and shall provide copies of such documents and notices promptly after receipt thereof. (c) No Grantor maintains or contributes to, or has in the past maintained or contributed to, a Canadian Pension Plan for its Canadian employees or former employees which contains a defined benefit provision, as defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada). 3.12 Litigation . Except as specifically disclosed in Disclosure Schedule (3.12) , there are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending, or to the knowledge of each Credit Party, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, against any Credit Party or any of their respective Properties which: (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any other Transaction Document or any of the Transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; or (b) would reasonably be expected to result in equitable relief or monetary judgment(s), individually or in the aggregate, in excess of the Threshold Amount. Except as set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.12) , no injunction, writ, temporary restraining order or any order of any nature has been issued by any court or other Governmental Authority purporting to enjoin or restrain the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or Transaction Document, or directing that the transactions provided for herein or therein not be consummated as herein or therein provided. As of the Closing Date, except with respect to matters set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.12) , no Credit Party or any Subsidiary of any 
 17 

 Credit Party is the subject of an audit or, to each Credit Party s knowledge, any review or investigation by any Governmental Authority (excluding the IRS and other taxing authorities) concerning the violation or possible violation of any Requirement of Law. Each Grantor shall notify Agent promptly in writing upon having knowledge of the existence, threat or commencement of any Litigation described in subsections (a) and (b) above or any such audit, review or investigation. 3.13 Intellectual Property . The Grantors own, or are licensed to use, all such Intellectual Property material to its business as currently conducted, except for such Intellectual Property the failure of which to so own or be so licensed could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Grantor will take all necessary steps to preserve its ownership and licenses in such Intellectual Property as may be necessary or required to permit Agent to sell, transfer, rent, or use the Collateral upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default. To permit Agent to sell, transfer, rent, or use the Collateral upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, each Grantor hereby grants to Agent an irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide license (exercisable without payment of royalty or other compensation to such Grantor), including in such license the right to sublicense, use and practice any Intellectual Property now owned or hereafter acquired by such Grantor and access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all software and programs used for the compilation or printout thereof. As of the Closing Date, the Grantors own or are licensed to use the Intellectual Property as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.13) . Each Grantor shall maintain the patenting and registration of all Intellectual Property with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the United States Copyright Office, the Canadian Intellectual Property Office or other appropriate Governmental Authority other than with respect to such Intellectual Property that, in the reasonable judgment of such Grantor, is determined to be uneconomical, negligible or obsolete in the conduct of its business. In the event that any Grantor becomes aware that any Intellectual Property material to the conduct of its business has been or is about to be infringed, misappropriated or diluted by a third party in any material respect, such Grantor promptly shall notify the Agent and shall take such actions as are appropriate under the circumstances to protect such Intellectual Property, including, if consistent with good business judgment, promptly suing for infringement, misappropriation or dilution, and to recover any and all damages for such infringement, misappropriation or dilution. 3.14 Full Disclosure . No information contained in any Loan Document, the Financial Statements or any written statement (other than matters of a general economic nature) furnished by or on behalf of any Grantor under any Loan Document, or to induce Agent and the Lenders to execute the Loan Documents (as such information has been amended, supplemented or superseded by any other information later delivered to the same parties receiving such information, provided that the delivery of such amended, supplemented or superseding information shall not cure any Event of Default arising under Section 7.1(b) other than with respect to this Section 3.14) , when taken as a whole, contains when furnished any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which they were made; provided, that with respect to projections and other forward-looking information, such Grantor represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by such Grantor to be reasonable at the time of preparation, it being understood that such projections may vary from actual results and that such variations may be material. 3.15 Environmental Liabilities . Except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.15) , as of the Closing Date, (a) no Grantor is subject to any Environmental Liabilities or, to any Grantor s knowledge, potential Environmental Liabilities, that could reasonably be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate and (b) no notice has been received by any Grantor identifying it as a potentially responsible party or requesting information under CERCLA or analogous state statutes, and to the knowledge of any Grantor, there are no facts, circumstances or conditions that may result in any Grantor being identified as a potentially responsible party under CERCLA or analogous state statutes, in each such case if such circumstance could reasonably be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate. Each Grantor: (i) shall comply in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws and environmental permits, (ii) shall notify Agent in writing within seven (7) days if and when it becomes aware of any Release, on, at, in, under, above, to, from or about any real property owned, leased or occupied by a Grantor if such Release could reasonably be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate, (iii) shall notify Agent in writing within seven (7) days if and when it becomes aware of any claims that could reasonably be expected to form the basis for any Environmental Liabilities that could reasonably be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate, and (iv) shall notify Agent in writing within seven (7) days if and 
 18 

 when it becomes aware of any occurrences of non-compliance with Environmental Laws or environmental permits, to the extent any such failure to comply could reasonably be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate. Without limiting the foregoing, if an Event of Default is continuing or if Agent at any time has a reasonable basis to believe that there exist violations of Environmental Laws by any Grantor or that there exist any Environmental Liabilities, in each case, that would have, in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, then each Grantor shall, promptly upon receipt of request from Agent, cause the performance of, and allow Agent access to such real property for the purpose of conducting, such environmental audits and assessments, including subsurface sampling of soil and groundwater, and cause the preparation of such reports, in each case as Agent may from time to time reasonably request. Such audits, assessments and reports, to the extent not conducted by Agent shall be conducted and prepared by reputable environmental consulting firms reasonably acceptable to Agent and shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Agent. Each Credit Party has made available to Agent copies of all existing environmental reports, reviews and audits and all documents prepared since January 1, 2010 pertaining to actual or potential Environmental Liabilities, in each case to the extent such reports, reviews, audits and documents are in their possession, custody, control or otherwise available to the Credit Parties. 3.16 Insurance . As of the Closing Date, Disclosure Schedule (3.16) lists all insurance of any nature maintained by Borrower with respect to the Collateral as well as all liability insurance maintained by the Grantors, as well as a summary of the terms of such insurance. (a) Coverage . Without limiting any of the other obligations or liabilities of the Grantors under this Agreement, the Grantors shall, during the term of this Agreement, carry and maintain, at its own expense, at least the minimum insurance coverage set forth in this Section 3.16 . All insurance carried pursuant to this Section 3.16 shall be placed with such insurers (that are not Affiliates of the Grantors (including without limitation any Captive Insurance Subsidiary)) having a minimum A.M. Best rating of A-:VIII (or as may be otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Agent), be in such amounts as are customarily carried or maintained by similarly situated entities engaged in similar businesses, and be in such form, with terms, conditions, limits and deductibles as shall be reasonably acceptable to Agent. The insurance required to be carried and maintained by Grantors hereunder shall, in all events, include, without limitation, the following: (i) All Risk Property Insurance . The Grantors shall maintain, all risk property insurance covering against physical loss or damage, including but not limited to fire and extended coverage, collapse, flood (if required), earth movement and comprehensive boiler and machinery coverage (including electrical malfunction and mechanical breakdown). Coverage shall be written on a replacement cost basis in an amount reasonably acceptable to Agent; and, (ii) Commercial General Liability Insurance . The Grantors shall maintain comprehensive general liability insurance written on an occurrence basis with a limit of not less than 1,000,000 per occurrence for bodily injury and/or property damage with an aggregate of 2,000,000. Such coverage shall include, but not be limited to, premises/operations, broad form contractual liability, products/completed operations, property damage and personal injury liability; and, (iii) Excess/Umbrella Liability Insurance . The Grantors shall maintain excess and/or umbrella liability insurance written on an occurrence basis in an amount not less than 20,000,000 providing coverage limits excess of the insurance limits required under subsection (a)(ii) . Such insurance shall follow the form of the primary insurances and drop down in case of exhaustion of underlying limits and/or aggregates. (b) Endorsements . The Grantors shall cause all insurance policies carried and maintained in accordance with this Section 3.16 to be endorsed as follows: (i) Agent, on behalf of Lenders, shall be named as lender s loss payee with respect to property policy described in subsection (a)(i) . Agent, on behalf of Lenders, shall be named as an additional insured with respect to liability policies described in subsections (a)(ii) and, to the extent allowed by applicable law, (a)(iii) . It shall be understood that any obligation imposed upon the Grantors, including but not limited to the obligation to pay premiums, shall be the sole obligation of the Grantors and not that of the Agent; and, 
 19 

 (ii) With respect to the property policy described in subsection (a)(i) , the interests of the Agent shall not be invalidated by any action or inaction of any Grantor or any other Person, and shall insure the Agent regardless of any breach or violation by any Grantor or any other Person, of any warranties, declarations or conditions of such policies; and, (iii) If such insurance is canceled for any reason whatsoever, including nonpayment of premium, or any changes are initiated by the Grantors or the carrier which adversely affect the interests of the Agent, such cancellation or change shall not be effective as to the Agent until thirty (30) days (or 10 days, in the case of a cancellation resulting from the non-payment of any insurance premiums) after receipt by Agent of written notice from such insurer. (c) Insurance Reporting . On the Closing Date, and at each policy renewal, but not less than annually, the Grantors shall provide to the Agent reasonable evidence that shall identify the underwriters, the type of insurance, the limits, deductibles, and term thereof and shall specifically list the special provisions delineated in section (b) above for such insurance required for this Section 3.16 . (d) Reserved . (e) Notice to Agent . The Grantors shall notify the Agent immediately whenever any separate insurance concurrent in form or contributing in the event of loss with that required to be maintained under this Section 3.16 is taken out by any Credit Party; and promptly deliver to the Agent a copy of such policy or policies. (f) Flood Insurance . With respect to each Mortgaged Property (if any) located in the United States, the Grantors shall obtain flood insurance in such total amount as the Agent or the Required Lenders may from time to time require, if at any time the area in which any improvements located on any Mortgaged Property is designated a flood hazard area in any Flood Insurance Rate Map published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency), and otherwise comply with the National Flood Insurance Program as set forth in the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, as amended from time to time and all legislation, and rules and regulations thereunder, administered by the relevant local conservation authority with respect to flood plain management and other conservation matters. (g) Mortgaged Properties . No Credit Party that is an owner of any Mortgaged Property shall take any action that is reasonably likely to be the basis for termination, revocation or denial of any insurance coverage required to be maintained under such Credit Party s respective Mortgage or that could be the basis for a defense to any claim under any insurance policy maintained in respect of the mortgaged properties, and each Credit Party shall otherwise comply in all material respects with all Insurance Requirements in respect of the mortgaged properties; provided , however , that each Credit Party may, at its own expense and after written notice to the Agent, (i) contest the applicability or enforceability of any such Insurance Requirements by appropriate legal proceedings, the prosecution of which does not constitute a basis for cancellation or revocation of any insurance coverage required under this Section 3.16 or (ii) cause the insurance policy containing any such Insurance Requirement to be replaced by a new policy complying with the provisions of this Section 3.16 . (h) Borrower shall direct all present and future insurers under its policies of insurance to pay all proceeds payable thereunder with respect to the Collateral directly to Agent for application, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, pursuant to Section 1.2(c) . If any insurance proceeds are paid by check, draft or other instrument payable to Borrower and Agent jointly, Agent may endorse Borrower s name thereon and do such other things as Agent may deem advisable to reduce the same to cash, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. 3.17 Solvency . Both before and after giving effect to (a) the Loan, the issuance of the Guarantees of the Obligations and the pledge of assets as security therefor by all of the Grantors, (b) the disbursement of the proceeds of the Loan pursuant to the instructions of the Borrower, and (c) the payment and accrual of all transaction costs in connection with the foregoing, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole are Solvent. 
 20 

 3.18 Other Financings . Except as disclosed in Disclosure Schedule (3.18) attached hereto or as otherwise permitted under Section 5.1 , none of the Credit Parties has outstanding as of the Closing Date any Indebtedness. 3.19 Conduct of Business . Each Grantor (a) shall conduct its business substantially as now conducted or as otherwise permitted hereunder, and (b) shall at all times maintain, preserve and protect all of the Collateral, except to the extent otherwise permitted under this Agreement and keep the same in good repair, working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty excepted, and make, or cause to be made, all necessary or appropriate repairs, replacements and improvements thereto consistent with manufacturer specifications and industry practices. 3.20 Further Assurances . At any time and from time to time, upon the written request of Agent and at the sole expense of the Grantors, the Grantors shall promptly and duly execute and deliver any and all such further instruments and documents and take such further action as Agent may reasonably deem necessary (a) to obtain the full benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (b) to protect, preserve and maintain Agent s rights in any Collateral and security interests or the equivalent under any foreign law, or (c) to enable Agent to exercise all or any of the rights and powers herein granted. 3.21 Collateral/Maintenance of Property. (a) Each Grantor holds and will continue to hold, subject to dispositions permitted under Section 5.3, 5.4, 5.5 or 5.7, good title to any of its property constituting the Collateral and none of such property is or will be subject to any Liens except Permitted Liens. (b) Each Grantor shall (i) maintain and preserve in all material respects in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty excepted, the Collateral and all other of its property necessary in the conduct of its business, and such Collateral shall be maintained, in all material respects, in accordance with all manufacturer s suggested and recommended maintenance procedures, including preventive maintenance, (ii) (A) to the extent necessary to the conduct of its business, obtain, maintain and preserve in full force and effect any NRC License or NQAP License, and (B) obtain, maintain and preserve all material rights, permits, licenses, approvals and privileges (including all Permits) (other than a NRC License or NQAP License) necessary, used or useful, whether because of its ownership, lease, sublease or other operation or occupation of property or other conduct of its business, and shall make all necessary or appropriate filings with, and give all required notices to, Governmental Authorities, except where the failure to make such filings or give such notices could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (iii) maintain the Collateral in compliance in all material respects with all applicable statutes, laws, ordinances, regulations, standards, directives, orders, judgments and permits (including environmental) issued by any Governmental Authority, and (iv) promptly after request by Agent note or shall have noted Agent s Lien on all certificates of title (to the extent issued) of such Collateral, to the extent such Collateral is located in the United States or Canada and subject to motor vehicle registration requirements, provided that Agent shall not request such notation unless such Collateral has a fair market value in excess of 100,000 in the aggregate. (c) Collateral shall not be located in, in transit to or used by a customer, in any country, state, nation, or territory (i) listed on the Lists or otherwise under United States sanctions for conducting business or (ii) set forth on Schedule E hereto (as such Schedule E may be amended by written notice from time to time by Agent to Borrower on a prospective basis) (each a Restricted Location ). Upon an amendment to Schedule E pursuant to the forgoing sentence such that Collateral is located in a Restricted Location that was not located in a Restricted Location prior to such amendment, no Grantor shall extend or renew any rental agreements or enter into any new rental agreements which would cause the Collateral to be located in, in transit to or in use in a Restricted Location by a customer of such Grantor and such Grantor shall remove such Collateral from such Restricted Location within fifteen (15) days from the delivery of such notice or, if such Collateral is subject to a rental agreement with a customer of such Grantor at such time, fifteen (15) days from the end of the then current term of such rental agreement. When not in transit to or in use by a customer of any Grantor, the Collateral will primarily be located at the Chief Executive Office or a Rental Office. (d) Real Property . The Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date contain a true and complete list of each interest in Real Property (i) owned by any Credit Party as of the Closing Date and describes the type of 
 21 

 interest therein held by such Credit Party and whether such owned Real Property is leased and if leased whether the underlying lease contains any option to purchase all or any portion of such Real Property or any interest therein or contains any right of first refusal relating to any sale of such Real Property or any portion thereof or interest therein and (ii) leased, subleased or otherwise occupied or utilized by any Credit Party, as lessee, sublessee, franchisee or licensee, as of the Closing Date and describes the type of interest therein held by such Credit Party and, in each of the cases described in clauses (i) and (ii) of this Section 3.21(d) , whether any lease requires the consent of the landlord or tenant thereunder, or other party thereto, to the Transactions. 3.22 Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Compliance . (a) No Credit Party and, after making due inquiry, no Material Holder of Holdings or customer of a Credit Party, is (i) listed on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List (the SDN List maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), Department of the Treasury, and/or on any other similar list maintained under any Canadian AML/Sanction Laws or otherwise Other Lists and, collectively with the SDN List, the Lists maintained by the OFAC pursuant to any authorizing statute, Executive Order or regulation (collectively, OFAC Laws and Regulations or (ii) a Person (a Designated Person either (A) included within the term designated national as defined in the Cuban Assets Control Regulations, 31 C.F.R. Part 515, or (B) designated under Sections 1(a), 1(b), 1(c) or 1(d) of Executive Order No. 13224, 66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (published September 25, 2001) or similarly designated under any related enabling legislation or any other similar Executive Orders (collectively, the Executive Orders ). The OFAC Laws and Regulations, the Canadian AML/Sanction Laws and the Executive Orders are collectively referred to in this Agreement as the Anti-Terrorism Laws . Each of the Credit Parties represents and warrants that it requires, and has taken reasonable measures to ensure compliance with the requirement, that no Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries is or shall be listed on any of the Lists or is or shall be a Designated Person. This Section 3.22 shall not apply to any Person to the extent that such Person s interest in the Borrower is through a U.S. Publicly-Traded Entity. As used in this Agreement, U.S. Publicly-Traded Entity means a Person (other than an individual) whose securities are listed on a national securities exchange, or quoted on an automated quotation system, in the United States, or a wholly-owned subsidiary of such a Person. (b) Each Credit Party represents and warrants that it has taken reasonable measures appropriate to the circumstances (and in any event as required by law), with respect to each Material Holder of a direct or indirect interest in such Credit Party, to assure that funds invested by such Material Holders in the Credit Parties are derived from legal sources Anti-Money Laundering Measures ). The Anti-Money Laundering Measures have been undertaken in accordance with the Bank Secrecy Act, 31 U.S.C. 5311 et seq. BSA ), and all applicable laws, regulations and government guidance on BSA compliance and on the prevention and detection of money laundering violations under 18 U.S.C. 1956 and 1957 and the Canadian AML/Sanction Laws (collectively with the BSA, Anti-Money Laundering Laws ). (c) Each Credit Party represents and warrants to Agent and each Lender, to its actual knowledge after making due inquiry, that no such Credit Party or any Material Holder of a direct or indirect interest in such Credit Party (i) is under investigation by any Governmental Authority for, or has been charged with, or convicted of, money laundering under 18 U.S.C. 1956 and 1957, drug trafficking, terrorist-related activities or other money laundering predicate crimes, or any violation of the BSA or other Anti-Money Laundering Laws, (ii) has been assessed civil penalties under any Anti-Money Laundering Laws, or (iii) has had any of its funds seized or forfeited in an action under any Anti-Money Laundering Laws. (d) Each Credit Party represents and warrants to Agent and each Lender that it has taken reasonable measures appropriate to the circumstances (in any event as required by applicable law), to ensure that such Credit Party is in compliance with all applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws and laws, regulations and government guidance for the prevention of terrorism, terrorist financing and drug trafficking. (e) Each Credit Party and its respective directors, officers and employees and, to the knowledge of the applicable Credit Party, the agents of each Credit Party and their Subsidiaries, are in compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA and any other applicable anti-corruption law, including without limitation the UK Bribery Act, in all material 
 22 

 respects. The Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries have instituted and maintained, and shall continue to maintain, policies and procedures designed to ensure continued compliance with the FCPA and any other applicable anti-corruption laws. 3.23 Reserved . 3.24 Reserved . 3.25 Landlord Agreements . Upon the request of Agent, each Grantor shall obtain a landlord or mortgagee waiver, as applicable, from the lessor of each leased property or mortgagee of any owned property with respect to each location where the Collateral and/or Books and Records are stored or located, which agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Agent. 3.26 Deposit Accounts; Cash Collateral Accounts. Borrower and each Guarantor shall maintain a cash management system which is reasonably acceptable to Agent (the Cash Management System ), which shall operate as follows: (a) All Proceeds of Collateral held by Borrower or any other Credit Party (other than funds being collected pursuant to the provisions stated below) shall be deposited in one or more bank accounts or securities investment accounts, as set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.26) or other accounts in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent subject to the terms of this Agreement and the applicable Control Agreements. (b) Borrower shall establish and maintain, and shall cause each Guarantor to establish and maintain, at its sole expense deposit accounts and lockboxes, which, on the Closing Date, shall consist of the accounts and related lockboxes maintained by the financial institutions as described on Disclosure Schedule (3.26) hereto (in each case (other than any Excluded Account), Blocked Accounts ), or with such other banks as are acceptable to Agent into which Borrower and Guarantors shall promptly deposit and direct their respective Account Debtors to directly remit all payments on Accounts and all payments constituting Proceeds of Collateral in the identical form in which such payments are made, whether by cash, check or other manner and shall be identified and segregated from all other funds of the Credit Parties. Within thirty (30) days following the Closing Date, Borrower and Guarantors shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Agent a Control Agreement duly authorized, executed and delivered by each bank where a Blocked Account for the benefit of Borrower or any Guarantor is maintained. The accounts of the Credit Parties with PNC Bank, National Association with account numbers as previously identified to Agent in writing with account numbers ending 0459, 1566, 1988, 1937, 2016, 1881 and 8686 (the Excluded ZBA Disbursement Accounts ), are, and shall remain at all times during the term of the Loan Agreement, zero balance disbursement accounts that receive no deposits and have no funds therein except momentarily when a charge or payment request is presented to the account and funds in the exact amount required to satisfy such charge or payment request are transferred to the account in order to immediately satisfy the applicable charge or payment request. The aggregate amount on deposit in the Excluded Canadian Accounts and the Specified Canadian Account (x) as of the Second Amendment Effective Date does not exceed 275,000, and (y) shall not exceed 275,000 at all times during the term of the Loan Agreement from the Second Amendment Effective Date until and including January 31, 2023. The Credit Parties shall close the Excluded Canadian Accounts on or prior to February 1, 2023 (or such later date as agreed to by Agent in its sole discretion). The aggregate amount on deposit in the Specified Canadian Account shall not exceed 50,000 at all times during the term of the Loan Agreement from and after February 1, 2023, 2023. The Credit Parties shall close the Specified Canadian Account on or prior to June 30, 2023 (or such later date as agreed to by Agent in its sole discretion). (c) Term Loan Priority Collateral Account . Within thirty (30) days following the Closing Date, Borrower and Guarantors shall establish the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account, and deliver to the Agent an executed control agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Agent under which the Agent is the sole and exclusive controlling agent. Any Net Cash Proceeds of an Arbitration Recovery shall immediately upon receipt by a Credit Party be deposited in the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account and, unless applied as a 
 23 

 Mandatory Prepayment in accordance with Section 1.2(h), remain on deposit in such Term Loan Priority Collateral Account, including (in respect of any prepayment that is declined by any of the Lenders under Section 1.2(i)) in the period (if any) from and after the time any of the Lenders decline a proposed prepayment of such Net Cash Proceeds subject, until an Activation Notice has been delivered to the applicable depository in respect of the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account, to the Borrower s right to use those Net Cash Proceeds in accordance with the Loan Documents. Credit Parties shall not deposit in the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account any monies or any other proceeds of Collateral that constitute Revolving Loan Priority Collateral (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement). Credit Parties shall not deposit Term Loan Priority Collateral (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement), or any proceeds thereof, in any account other than the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account. (d) Borrower shall further execute and deliver, and shall cause each Guarantor to execute and deliver, such agreements and documents as Agent may require in connection with such Blocked Accounts and such Control Agreements. Borrower and Guarantors shall not establish any deposit accounts after the Closing Date into which Proceeds of Collateral are deposited, unless Borrower or such Guarantor has complied in full with the provisions of this Section 3.26 with respect to such deposit accounts, other than Excluded Accounts. Borrower and each Guarantor agrees that from and after the delivery of an Activation Notice (as such term is defined in Section 3.26(e) below) all payments made to such Blocked Accounts or other funds received and collected by Agent or any Lender, whether in respect of the Accounts or as Proceeds of Collateral shall be treated as payments to Agent and the Lenders in respect of the Obligations and therefore shall constitute the property of Agent and the Lenders to the extent of the then outstanding applicable Obligations. (e) The applicable bank at which any Blocked Accounts are maintained shall agree from and after the receipt of a notice (an Activation Notice from Agent (which Activation Notice may, or upon instruction of the applicable Required Lenders, shall, be given by Agent at any time during an Event of Default) pursuant to the applicable Control Agreement, to forward, daily, all amounts in each Blocked Account to the account designated by Agent from time to time as a collection account (the Collection Account ). (f) From and after the delivery of an Activation Notice, Agent shall apply all such funds in the Collection Account on a daily basis to the repayment of the applicable Obligations in accordance with Section 7.4 . Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, after payment in full has been made of the amounts required under Section 7.4 , upon the applicable Credit Party s request and as long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, any additional funds deposited in the Collection Account shall be released to such Credit Party. (g) Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, Borrower, Guarantors and their directors, employees, agents and other Affiliates shall promptly deposit or cause the same to be deposited, any monies, checks, notes, drafts or any other payment relating to and/or Proceeds of Collateral which come into their possession or under their control in the applicable Blocked Accounts, or remit the same or cause the same to be remitted, in kind, to Agent. Borrower agrees to reimburse Agent on demand for any amounts owed or paid to any bank at which a Blocked Account is established or any other bank or person involved in the transfer of funds to or from the Blocked Accounts arising out of Agent s payments to or indemnification of such bank or person. 3.27 Reserved . 3.28 After-acquired Property; Additional Collateral. Each Grantor shall: (a) Subject to this Section 3.28 , with respect to any property acquired after the Closing Date by any Credit Party that is intended to be subject to the Lien created by any of the Loan Documents but is not so subject, promptly (and in any event within thirty (30) days after the acquisition thereof or such longer period as Agent may agree in its sole discretion) (i) execute and deliver to the Agent such other documents as the Agent shall deem necessary or advisable to grant to the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, a Lien on such property subject to no Liens other than Permitted Liens, and (ii) take all actions necessary to cause such Lien to be duly perfected to the extent required hereunder in accordance with all applicable Requirements of Law, including the filing of financing statements in such jurisdictions as may be reasonably requested by the Agent. The Borrower shall otherwise take such actions and execute and/or deliver to the Agent such documents as the Agent shall require to confirm the validity, perfection and priority of the Lien hereunder on 
 24 

 such after-acquired properties. (b) As soon as possible after the formation of any new Subsidiary (including any Foreign Subsidiary) of a Credit Party (and in any event within the earlier of (x) thirty (30) days (or such longer period as Agent may agree in its sole discretion) after formation or (y) the date on which such Subsidiary owns any material assets), or simultaneously with the consummation of acquisition of any new Subsidiary of a Credit Party, (i) deliver to the Agent the original certificates, if any, representing all of the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary, together with undated stock powers or other appropriate instruments of transfer executed and delivered in blank by a duly authorized officer of the holder(s) of such Equity Interests, and all intercompany notes owing from such Subsidiary to any Credit Party together with instruments of transfer executed and delivered in blank by a duly authorized officer of such Credit Party and (ii) cause such new Subsidiary (A) to execute a Joinder Agreement in the form of Exhibit H or such comparable documentation to become a Grantor and Guarantor under this Agreement, and (B) to take all actions necessary or advisable in the reasonable opinion of the Agent to cause the Lien created hereunder to be duly perfected to the extent required by such agreement in accordance with all applicable Requirements of Law (including any applicable foreign laws), including the execution by Borrower or the applicable Credit Party of a Joinder Agreement in the form of Exhibit H or such comparable documentation to the applicable Pledge Agreement and the filing of financing statements (or foreign equivalents) in such jurisdictions as may be reasonably requested by the Agent and to the extent such new Subsidiary owns Collateral subject to motor vehicle registration requirements which is located in the United States or Canada and Agent has requested the following notation (provided that Agent shall not request such notation unless such Collateral has a fair market value in excess of 100,000 in the aggregate), the noting or (having noted) of the Agent s Lien on all certificates of title (to the extent issued) of such Collateral, which when aggregated with all such Collateral owned by a Credit Party, exceeds a fair market value of 100,000 in the aggregate (except where such notation is not permitted under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction); provided, however, no Captive Insurance Subsidiary shall be required to join this Agreement as a Credit Party or become jointly and severally liable for the Obligations if Holdings delivers evidence to Agent in form and substance acceptable to Agent that such Captive Insurance Subsidiary is prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law from incurring contingent liabilities arising under this Agreement or a Guaranty in its capacity as a guarantor. (c) Promptly grant to the Agent, within thirty (30) days of the acquisition thereof, a security interest in and Mortgage on each Material Real Property owned in fee by such Credit Party as is acquired by such Credit Party after the Closing Date as additional security for the Obligations (unless the subject property is already mortgaged to a third party to the extent permitted by Section 5.2 ). Such Mortgages shall be granted pursuant to documentation reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Agent and shall constitute valid and enforceable perfected Liens subject only to Permitted Liens or other Liens acceptable to the Agent. The Mortgages or instruments related thereto shall be duly recorded or filed in such manner and in such places as are required by applicable law to establish, perfect, preserve and protect the Liens in favor of the Agent required to be granted pursuant to the Mortgages and all taxes, fees and other charges payable in connection therewith shall be paid in full. Such Credit Party shall otherwise take such actions and execute and/or deliver to the Agent such documents as the Agent shall require to confirm the validity, perfection and priority of the Lien of any existing Mortgage or new Mortgage against such after-acquired Material Real Property (including a Title Policy, a survey and local counsel opinion (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent) in respect of such Mortgage). 3.29 Equity Interests and Subsidiaries . (a) Equity Interests . The Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date set forth a list of (i) all the Subsidiaries of Borrower and the other Credit Parties and their jurisdictions of organization as of the Closing Date and (ii) the number of each class of its Equity Interests authorized, and the number outstanding, on the Closing Date and the number of shares covered by all outstanding options, warrants, rights of conversion or purchase and similar rights at the Closing Date. All Equity Interests of each Credit Party are duly and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable, and, other than the Equity Interests of Holdings, are owned by Holdings, directly or indirectly through Wholly Owned Subsidiaries. Each Credit Party is the record and beneficial owner of, and has good and marketable title to, the Equity Interests pledged by it hereunder, free of any and all Liens, rights or claims of other persons, except the security interest created by the Loan 
 25 

 Documents, the Revolving Loan Documents and, in respect of any Canadian Credit Party, Liens for Priority Payables, and there are no outstanding warrants, options or other rights to purchase, or shareholder, voting trust or similar agreements outstanding with respect to, or property that is convertible into, or that requires the issuance or sale of, any such Equity Interests. (b) No Consent of Third Parties Required . Other than the approval of the Board of Directors of the issuer of the Equity Interests, no consent of any Person including any other general or limited partner, any other member of a limited liability company, any other shareholder or any other trust beneficiary is necessary or reasonably desirable (from the perspective of a secured party) in connection with the creation, perfection or priority status of the security interest of the Agent in any Equity Interests pledged to the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders hereunder or the exercise by the Agent of the voting or other rights provided for hereunder or the exercise of remedies in respect thereof. (c) Organizational Chart . The Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date or any supplement thereto (whichever was most recently delivered to Agent) sets forth an accurate organizational chart, showing the Subsidiaries and joint ventures in which Holdings holds a direct or indirect interest along with any other Person in which Holdings, such Subsidiaries or joint ventures holds, directly or indirectly, any Equity Interests. 3.30 Security Documents . (a) Mortgages . Each Mortgage will upon execution and delivery thereof be effective to create, in favor of the Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, legal, valid and enforceable first priority Liens on, and security interests in, all of the Credit Parties right, title and interest in and to the mortgaged properties thereunder and the proceeds thereof, subject only to Permitted Liens or other Liens acceptable to the Agent, and when such Mortgages are filed in the offices specified in the Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of any Mortgage executed and delivered after the date thereof in accordance with the provisions of Sections 3.20 and 3.28 , when such Mortgage is filed in the offices specified in the local counsel opinion delivered with respect thereto in accordance with the provisions of Sections 3.20 and 3.28 ), such Mortgages shall constitute fully perfected Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the Credit Parties in the mortgaged properties thereunder and the proceeds thereof, in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person, other than Liens permitted by such Mortgage. (b) Valid Liens . Each Loan Document purporting to include a grant of a security interest or Lien by a Credit Party in favor of Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, including any such document delivered pursuant to Sections 3.20 and 3.28 will, upon execution and delivery thereof, be effective to create in favor of the Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, legal, valid and enforceable Liens on, and security interests in, all of the Credit Parties right, title and interest in and to the Collateral thereunder, and (i) when all appropriate filings or recordings are made in the appropriate offices as may be required under applicable law and (ii) upon the taking of possession or control by the Agent of such Collateral with respect to which a security interest may be perfected only by possession or control (which possession or control shall be given to the Agent to the extent required hereunder), such Liens will constitute fully perfected Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the Credit Parties in such Collateral, in each case subject to no Liens other than the applicable Permitted Liens. 3.31 Borrowing Base-Related Reports . Borrower shall deliver or cause to be delivered (at the expense of Borrower) to the Agent the following: (a) All reports required to be delivered to the Revolving Agent, in accordance with the terms of the Revolving Loan Agreement, including, without limitation, the Borrowing Base Certificate, contemporaneously with the delivery of any such report to the Revolving Agent; and (b) such other reports, statements and reconciliations with respect to the Formula Amount or Collateral of any or all Credit Parties as the Agent shall from time to time request in its reasonable credit judgment. The delivery of each certificate, report or any other information delivered pursuant to this Section 3.31 shall constitute 
 26 

 a representation and warranty by Borrower that the statements and information contained therein are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the respective dates of such certificates, reports or other information. 3.32 Government Contracts . Except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.32) , as of the Closing Date, no Credit Party is a party to any contract or agreement with any Governmental Authority and no Credit Party s Collateral is subject to the Federal Assignment of Claims Act (31 U.S.C. Section 3727) or any similar state or local law. 3.33 Customer and Trade Relations . As of the Closing Date, there exists no actual or, to the knowledge of any Credit Party, threatened termination or cancellation of, or any material adverse modification or change in (a) the business relationship of any Credit Party with any customer or group of customers whose purchases during the preceding twelve (12) calendar months caused them to be ranked among the ten (10) largest customers of such Credit Party or (b) the business relationship of any Credit Party with any supplier essential to its operations. 3.34 Bonding; Licenses . Except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.34) , as of the Closing Date, no Credit Party is a party to or bound by any surety bond agreement, indemnification agreement therefor or bonding requirement with respect to products or services sold by it. 3.35 Affiliate Transactions . No Credit Party is party to any transaction with any Affiliate of the Borrower or of any Subsidiary of the Borrower, except those permitted by Section 5.7 hereof and those set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.35) . 3.36 Post-Closing Matters . The Credit Parties shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Agent, or take, or cause to be taken, the documents, deliverables, actions or efforts set forth below, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, as promptly as practicable following the Closing Date, but in any event no later than the dates referred to below with respect to each such item (or, in each case, such later date as Agent shall agree in its sole discretion): (a) On and after the Closing Date, the Credit Parties shall (i) continue to use commercially reasonable efforts to complete the dissolution of Braden Holdings LLC Braden Holdings and Braden Manufacturing, S.A. de C.V. (Mexico) Braden Mexico , and together with Braden Holdings, collectively, the Braden Entities ), (ii) prior to or concurrently with any dissolution of any of the Braden Entities, transfer any assets of the Braden Entities to the Credit Parties, and (iii) within three (3) Business Days of dissolution of the Braden Entities provide evidence to Agent that Braden and Braden Mexico have been dissolved; and (b) Within thirty (30) days following the Closing Date, with respect to any Blocked Account maintained by the Credit Parties, the Credit Parties shall deliver to Agent fully executed Control Agreements for each such Blocked Account; (c) Within thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, Agent shall have received the following insurance endorsements: (i) Lender Loss Payee Endorsement to the property policy ITD100065033720; (ii) Notice of Cancellation Endorsement to the property policy ITD100065033720; (iii) Additional Insured Endorsement to the liability policy 1000090435201; and (iv) Notice of Cancellation Endorsement to the liability policy 1000090435201; (d) Within ninety (90) days following the Closing Date, the Credit Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide to Agent a landlord waiver or similar collateral access agreement with respect to the following locations: (a) 100 Crescent Centre Parkway, Suite 1240, Tucker, Dekalb County, Georgia 30084; (b) 2775 Northwoods Pkwy , Norcross, GA 30071; (c) 591 Pickettville Road, Jacksonville, Duval County, FL 32220; (d) 2832 Center Street, Deer Park, Harris County, TX 77536; (e) 101 Industrial Park Blvd, Unit 2, Hitchcock, Galveston County, TX 77563; (f) 18-33 42nd Street, Astoria, Queens, County, New York 11105; (g) 2543 Ross Clark Circle, Suite #2 Dothan, Houston County, AL 3630; (h) 281 Goderich Street, Unit 3, Port Elgin, Bruce County, ON N0H2C1; and (i) 625 Goderich Street, Units 1 and 5, Port Elgin, Bruce County, ON N0H2C1; (e) Within ninety (90) days following the Closing Date, the Credit Parties shall deliver to the Agent a filed UCC 
 27 

 termination statement evidencing the termination of the UCC financing statement that evidenced the WSS New York tax Lien. 3.37 Investment Company Act . No Credit Party is an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company, as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 3.38 Notice of Change in Investment Company Status . The Borrower shall provide Agent with prompt written notice of any change with respect to its representation in Section 3.37 above, but in no event later than fifteen (15) days following any such change. 3.39 Braden Entities . The Braden Entities do not hold any material assets and do not engage in material business activities. Each Credit Party agrees that it shall not transfer, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and controlled Affiliates not to transfer, any assets to any Braden Entity other than such amount of cash (which in no event shall exceed 25,000 after the Second Amendment Effective Date without the prior written consent of Agent) to pay taxes, penalties and legal fees and expenses as is necessary or required to complete the dissolution of Braden Mexico. Braden Holdings is a holding company and does not engage in any operations or business, other than (a) the ownership of 99.998 of the outstanding Equity Interests in Braden Mexico, (b) maintaining its corporate existence pending its dissolution pursuant to Section 3.36, and (c) liabilities, assets, operations and business incidental to the foregoing. 3.40 Capital Provision Agreement . The Borrower has prior to the Closing Date delivered to the Agent a true, correct and complete copy of the Capital Provision Agreement, including all amendments, modifications and/or supplements thereto, as of the date of delivery to Agent. The Capital Provision Agreement remains in full force and effect on the Closing Date and there have been no amendments, modifications and/or supplements thereto since the date delivered to the Agent. 4. FINANCIAL MATTERS; REPORTS 4.1 Reports and Notic es. The Credit Parties shall furnish to the Agent and each Lender: (a) Monthly Reports . Within thirty (30) days after the last day of each Fiscal Month of the Credit Parties, the balance sheets of the Credit Parties on a consolidated and consolidating basis as at the end of such Fiscal Month and as of the end of the preceding Fiscal Year, and the related statements of operations, the related statements of profits and losses and related statements of cash flows of the Credit Parties on a consolidated basis for such Fiscal Month and for the elapsed portion of the Fiscal Year ended with the last day of such Fiscal Month, which shall set forth in comparative form such figures as at the end of and for such Fiscal Month and appropriate prior period and shall be certified by the Chief Financial Officer of the Borrower to have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and to present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the Credit Parties on a consolidated basis as at the end of such period and the results of operations for such period, and for the elapsed portion of the Fiscal Year ended with the last day of such period, subject only to normal year-end and audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; (b) Quarterly Reports . Within forty-five (45) days after the last day of each of the Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year of the Credit Parties, the balance sheets of the Credit Parties on a consolidated and consolidating basis as at the end of such Fiscal Quarters and as of the end of the preceding Fiscal Year, and the related statements of operations, the related statements of profits and losses and the related statements of cash flows of the Credit Parties on a consolidated basis for such Fiscal Quarters and for the elapsed portion of the Fiscal Year ended with the last day of such Fiscal Quarters, which shall set forth in comparative form such figures as at the end of and for such Fiscal Quarters and appropriate prior period and shall be certified by the Chief Financial Officer of the Borrower to have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and to present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the Credit Parties on a consolidated basis as at the end of such period and the results of operations for such period, and for the elapsed portion of the Fiscal Year ended with the last day of such period, subject only to normal year-end and audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; 
 28 

 (c) Annual Reports . Within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Credit Parties, the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Credit Parties as of the end of such Fiscal Year and the related audited consolidated statements of operations for such Fiscal Year and for the previous Fiscal Year, the related audited consolidated statements of profits and losses and the related audited consolidated statements of cash flows and stockholders equity for such Fiscal Year and for the previous Fiscal Year, which shall be accompanied by an opinion, without a going concern or similar qualification or an exception as to scope, prepared by an independent certified public accountant of recognized national standing reasonably acceptable to Agent (Moss Adams LLP shall be acceptable), together with a statement of such accountants that in connection with their audit, nothing came to their attention that caused them to believe that the Borrower or any other Credit Party was not in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 4.2 below insofar as they relate to accounting matters; (d) Financial Officer s Certificate . At the time the financial statements are furnished pursuant to Sections 4.1(a) , 4.1(b) and 4.1(c) , a Compliance Certificate in the form attached as Exhibit E executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as to the financial performance of the Credit Parties; provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that, except as otherwise expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, a certification regarding the Credit Parties compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 4.2 shall only be required to be included with the Compliance Certificates delivered for the applicable dates under such Section 4.2 in connection with the quarterly financial statements under Section 4.1(b) and the annual financial statements under Section 4.1(c) and not the monthly financial statements delivered under Section 4 .1(a); (e) Intentionally Omitted; Teleconferences with Credit Parties; Financial Advisor Teleconference and Information. Commencing in January 2023, the Borrower shall host teleconferences and/or virtual conferences with the Agent and Lenders, and Borrower shall cause members of the Borrower s management team to participate in such teleconferences and/or virtual conferences, on at least a monthly basis on such dates and at such times as reasonably agreed between the Borrower and the Agent or on such other dates and times as reasonably requested by Agent, the purpose of which conferences shall be for the Borrower and Agent and Lenders to discuss the Credit Parties business and financial performance. (f) Intentionally Omitted; Cashflow Report. Borrower shall deliver to Agent and the Lenders (i) commencing on the last Business Day of the first calendar week following the Third Amendment Effective Date (i.e., January 13, 2023), a 13-week cash flow forecast for the Credit Parties on a weekly basis, on or prior to the last Business Day of each week for the period of 13 weeks beginning on the first day of each week following the Third Amendment Effective Date, such forecast to be accompanied by a certificate signed by an authorized officer of Borrower, in such Person s capacity as such, to the effect that such forecast has been prepared in good faith consistent with past financial statements of the Credit Parties and based on assumptions believed by such Person to be reasonable as of such date and (ii) such other information as may reasonably be requested by the Agent and the Lenders in connection therewith; (g) Responsible Officer s Certificate Regarding Collateral . Concurrently with any delivery of Financial Statements under Section 4.1(a) , a certificate of a Responsible Officer setting forth the information in the Perfection Certificate as of the date of such Financial Statements or confirming that there has been no change in such information since the date of the Perfection Certificate or the latest supplement thereto, as applicable; (h) Public Reports . Promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by any Credit Party with any provincial securities commission or the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of said commissions, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed to shareholders or holders of its Indebtedness in excess of the Threshold Amount pursuant to the terms of the documentation governing such Indebtedness (or any trustee, agent or other representative therefor), as the case may be; (i) Management Letters . Promptly after the receipt thereof by any Credit Party, a copy of any management letter received by any such Person from its independent chartered accountants and the 
 29 

 management s responses thereto; (j) Budgets . Promptly (and in any event within 3 Business Days) after approval by the Board of Directors of the Borrower (but no later than forty-five (45) days after the beginning of each Fiscal Year), a consolidated budget for Borrower in form reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, but to include balance sheets, statements of income, sources and uses of cash, a budget of projected Capital Expenditures, and projected Borrowing Availability on a consolidated basis, for (i) each month of such Fiscal Year prepared in detail and (ii) each Fiscal Year thereafter, through and including the Fiscal Year in which the Termination Date occurs, prepared in summary form, in each case, with appropriate presentation and discussion of the principal assumptions upon which such budgets are based, accompanied by the statement of a Financial Officer of Borrower to the effect that each budget has been prepared in good faith and based on assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable and, promptly when available, any significant revisions of such budget; (k) Organization . Concurrently with any delivery of Financial Statements under Section 4 .1(a), an accurate organizational chart as required by Section 3.29(c) , or confirmation that there are no changes to the Credit Parties organizational structure set forth in the Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date or any supplement thereto (whichever was most recently delivered to Agent); (l) Organizational Documents . Promptly provide copies of any Organizational Documents that have been amended or modified in accordance with the terms hereof and deliver a copy of any notice of default given or received by any Credit Party under any Organizational Document within fifteen (15) days after such Credit Party gives or receives such notice; (m) Appraisals . At any time after the occurrence of a Default, promptly upon the request of the Agent, an appraisal report performed at the expense of Borrower by a nationally recognized appraiser satisfactory to Agent, setting forth in reasonable detail the orderly liquidation value of the Collateral; and (n) Other Information . Promptly, from time to time, such other reports and information regarding the Collateral, operations, business affairs, financial condition, prospects or management of any Credit Party, or compliance with the terms of any Loan Document, as the Agent or any Lender may reasonably request, all in reasonable detail. Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 3 .31, 4.1(a) , (b) , (c) , (d) or (g) , may be delivered electronically to the Agent and Lenders and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date the Borrower delivers such documents to the Agent and Lenders by electronic mail; provided, that upon written request, Borrower shall deliver paper copies to the Agent and Lenders until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Agent to the Borrower. 4.2 Financial Covenants . (a) Maximum Total Leverage Ratio . Beginning with the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31, 2021, the Credit Parties shall not permit the Total Leverage Ratio, as of the last day of any Fiscal Quarter ending during any period set forth below, to exceed the ratio set forth opposite such period in the table below: 
 30 

 Test Period Ending Leverage Ratio March 31, 2021 June 30, 2021 4.00 to 1.00 September 30, 2021 March 31, 2022 3.75 to 1.00 June 30, 2022 4.50 to 1.00 September 30, 2022 6.50 to 1.00 December 31, 2022 March 31, 2023 June 30, 2023 5.00 to 1.00 4.50 4.25 to 1.00 September 30, 2023 4.00 6.25 to 1.00 December 31, 2023 3.50 5.50 to 1.00 March 31, 2024 June 30, 2024 5.25 to 1.00 3.25 to 1.00 As of the last day of each Fiscal Quarter thereafter 3.00 to 1.00 
 ; provided that for purposes of calculating the Total Leverage Ratio hereunder, the Consolidated EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2020 and September 30, 2020 shall be deemed to be 4,988,638 and 4,053,202, respectively. (b) Limitation on Capital Expenditures . The Credit Parties shall not make or commit to make, and shall not cause or permit their Subsidiaries to make or commit to make, Capital Expenditures (other than any Capital Expenditures financed by the incurrence of Indebtedness permitted under this Agreement) made in any Fiscal Year, to exceed 800,000; provided , however, that (x) if the aggregate amount of Capital Expenditures made in any Fiscal Year shall be less than the maximum amount of Capital Expenditures permitted under this Section 4.2(b) for such Fiscal Year (before giving effect to any carryover), then an amount of such shortfall not exceeding fifty percent (50 of such maximum amount may be added to the amount of Capital Expenditures permitted under this Section 4.2(b) for the immediately succeeding (but not any other) Fiscal Year and (y) in determining whether any amount is available for carryover, the amount expended in any Fiscal Year shall first be deemed to be from the amount allocated to such Fiscal Year (before giving effect to any carryover). (c) Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio . Beginning with the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31, 2021, as of the last day of each Fiscal Quarter, the Borrower shall not permit the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the trailing period of twelve (12) Fiscal Months then ended to be less than the applicable ratio set forth below opposite such period: Period Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio March 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 1.10 to 1.00 As of the last day of each Fiscal Quarter thereafter 1.25 to 1.00 
 ; provided that for purposes of calculating the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio hereunder, the Consolidated EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2020 and September 30, 2020 shall be deemed to be 4,988,638 and 4,053,202, respectively. (d) Minimum EBITDA. Holdings and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) shall not permit EBITDA for the twelve fiscal month period (or such shorter period commencing on January 1, 2023) ending on the last 
 31 

 day of any date set forth below to be less than the minimum amount set forth in the table below opposite such date: Testing Period 

 Minimum EBITDA 

 1 month ended February 5, 2023 

 Negative 162,000 

 2 months ended March 5, 2023 

 177,000 

 3 months ended April 2, 2023 

 818,000 

 4 months ended May 7, 2023 

 1,237,000 

 5 months ended June 4, 2023 

 2,218,000 

 6 months ended July 2, 2023 

 3,261,000 

 7 months ended August 6, 2023 

 4,166,000 

 8 months ended September 3, 2023 

 5,348,000 

 9 months ended October 1, 2023 

 6,495,000 

 10 months ended November 5, 2023 

 7,270,000 

 11 months ended December 3, 2023 

 7,622,000 

 12 months ended December 31, 2023 

 7,882,000 

4.3 Other Reports and Information . The Grantors shall advise Agent in reasonable detail promptly after becoming aware of: (a) any Lien, other than Permitted Liens, attaching to or asserted against any material portion of the Collateral or any occurrence causing a material loss or decline in value of any Collateral and the estimated (or actual, if available) amount of such loss or decline; (b) any material change in the composition of the Collateral; and (c) the occurrence of any Default or other event that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 4.4 Revolving Loan Agreement Notices; Subordinated Loan Documents Notices . (a) The Credit Parties shall provide to Agent (i) simultaneously with its delivery to the Revolving Agent, any material notices required to be delivered pursuant to the Revolving Loan Agreement, (ii) promptly, but no later than three (3) Business Days after receipt thereof, any notice from the Revolving Agent or any lender under the Revolving Loan Agreement that a default or event of default has occurred under the Revolving Loan Agreement and (iii) at least ten (10) Business Days prior notice of any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification under or with respect to the Revolving Loan Documents, and a fully executed copy thereof promptly after its execution. 
 32 

 (b) To the extent that any Revolving Loan Document has been amended to change any existing financial covenants therein or any section or other provision thereof is amended to include any additional financial covenants or there has been any modification or addition of any event of default or modification of any condition to an event of default or addition or modification of any covenant in a manner adverse or more restrictive to any Credit Party in any Revolving Loan Document, the Credit Parties shall, at the request of Agent, execute and deliver to Agent such amendments, modifications or related documents as Agent may reasonably request to incorporate such amendments into the Loan Documents (subject to the limitations set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement). (c) The Credit Parties shall provide to Agent (i) simultaneously with its delivery to any Subordinated Creditor, any material notices required to be delivered by any Credit Party to a Subordinated Creditor pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Documents, (ii) promptly, but no later than three (3) Business Days after receipt thereof, any notice from a Subordinated Creditor that a default or event of default has occurred under any of the Subordinated Notes, and (iii) at least ten (10) Business Days prior notice of any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification under or with respect to the Subordinated Loan Documents, and a fully executed copy thereof promptly after its execution. (d) To the extent that any Subordinated Loan Document has been amended to change any existing financial covenants therein or any section or other provision thereof is amended to include any additional financial covenants or there has been any modification or addition of any event of default or modification of any condition to an event of default or addition or modification of any covenant in a manner adverse or more restrictive to any Credit Party in any Subordinated Loan Document, the Credit Parties shall, at the request of Agent, execute and deliver to Agent such amendments, modifications or related documents as Agent may reasonably request to incorporate such amendments into the Loan Documents. 4.5 Reserved. 5. NEGATIVE COVENANTS Borrower and each Credit Party executing this Agreement covenants and agrees (for itself and each other Credit Party) that, without Agent s prior written consent, from the Closing Date until the Termination Date, neither Borrower nor any other Credit Party shall, directly or indirectly: 5.1 Indebtedness . Create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except: (a) the Obligations, (b) Indebtedness existing as of the Closing Date set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.18) , (c) by endorsement of instruments or items of payment for deposit to the general account of such Credit Party, (d) for Guaranteed Indebtedness incurred for the benefit of any Credit Party if the primary obligation is permitted by this Agreement, (e) reserved, (f) Indebtedness outstanding under the Revolving Loan Agreement in an aggregate amount not exceeding the Maximum Priority Revolving Loan Debt, (g) the Permitted Koontz-Wagner Pension Plan Obligations, (h) Indebtedness with respect to (i) Capital Lease Obligations existing as the Closing Date set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.18) and (ii) additional Capital Lease Obligations and Purchase Money Obligations in an aggregate amount outstanding at any time not to exceed 250,000; provided, that any such Capital Lease Obligations and Purchase Money Obligations under this clause (h) shall be secured only by the asset subject to such additional Capital Lease Obligation or the acquired asset in connection with the incurrence of such Capital Lease Obligation or Purchase Money Obligation, as the case may be, any insurance thereon and proceeds thereof, (i) Indebtedness in respect of Hedging Obligations, p rovided, t hat, such Hedging Obligations are (or were) entered into by a Credit Party in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating risks associated with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets, or property held or reasonably anticipated by such Credit Party, or changes in the value of securities issued by such Credit Party, and not for purposes of speculation or taking a market view , (j) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees and banker s acceptances in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business, and reimbursement of obligations in respect of any of the foregoing, in all cases to the extent permitted under the Revolving Loan Documents, (k) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business under surety bonds, performance bonds, completion guarantees, appeal bonds, bid bonds and similar obligations and reimbursement and indemnification obligations in respect of any of the foregoing, (l) Indebtedness in respect of workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement-type obligations regarding workers compensation claims, (m) 
 33 

 unsecured Indebtedness (other than for borrowed money) that may be deemed to exist pursuant to any bona fide warranty or contractual service obligations or performance in the ordinary course of business, (n) Indebtedness of any Credit Party (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) owing to any other Credit Party (other than Inactive Subsidiaries); provided that in each case, all such Indebtedness shall be (i) evidenced by promissory notes and all such notes shall be subject to a first priority Lien pursuant to this Agreement and (ii) unsecured and subordinated in right of payment in full of the Obligations pursuant to the terms of the applicable promissory notes or an intercompany subordination agreement with terms reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, (o) the Existing Letters of Credit, and (p Subordinated Debt under the Subordinated Loan Documents in an original aggregate principal amount not to exceed 750,000, plus any fees, costs or expenses incurred or payable in connection therewith, plus any interest accrued thereon in accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan Documents, so long as (i) such Indebtedness is subject to a Subordination Agreement which remains in full force and effect and (ii) no Credit Party makes any payment to the Subordinated Creditors or otherwise in respect of such Indebtedness, except for payments made in full compliance with the Subordination Agreement applicable to such Subordinated Debt, and (q any other unsecured Indebtedness incurred after the Closing Date in an aggregate outstanding amount for all such Credit Parties combined not exceeding 500,000. 5.2 Liens . Incur, maintain or otherwise suffer to exist any Lien upon or with respect to any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or assign any right to receive income or profits, except for Permitted Liens. 5.3 Investments; Fundamental Changes . Except as provided in Section 5.7 below, merge or amalgamate with, consolidate with, acquire all or a material portion of the assets or Stock of, or otherwise combine with or make any investment in or make any loan or advance to, any Person; except that (a) any Credit Party (other than any Inactive Subsidiary) may form or acquire any direct or indirect Subsidiary (except for Captive Insurance Subsidiaries, which are governed by Section 5.21 below) after the Closing Date so long as soon as possible (and in any event upon the earlier of (i) thirty (30) days after formation (or such longer period as Agent may agree in its sole discretion) or (ii) the date on which such Subsidiary owns any material assets) after the formation of any new Subsidiary of a Credit Party or simultaneously with the consummation of acquisition of any new Subsidiary of a Credit Party, such Subsidiary becomes a co-Borrower or Guarantor hereunder, as applicable, and grants to Agent a Lien in all of its rights, title and interests in, to and under its Collateral to secure the Obligations for the benefit of the Lenders, all pursuant to written documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent in accordance with Sections 1.12 and 3.28 ; provided, however, no Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary shall be required to join this Agreement as a Credit Party or become jointly and severally liable for the Obligations if Holdings delivers evidence to Agent in form and substance acceptable to Agent that such Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary is prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law from incurring contingent liabilities arising under this Agreement or a Guaranty in its capacity as a guarantor; provided , further , that no Credit Party shall transfer any assets or property to a new Subsidiary until all requirements of Sections 1.12 and 3.28 have been met for such new Subsidiary; (b) a U.S. Credit Party may merge, consolidate or reorganize with another U.S. Credit Party or acquire the assets or Equity Interest of another U.S. Credit Party so long as, in connection with any merger, consolidation or reorganization to which a Borrower is a party, such Borrower is the surviving entity of such merger, consolidation or reorganization; (c) a Canadian Credit Party may merge, amalgamate, consolidate or reorganize with another Canadian Credit Party or acquire the assets or Equity Interest of another Canadian Credit Party so long as such Canadian Credit Party shall provide Agent with ten (10) days prior written notice of such merger, amalgamation, consolidation or reorganization; (d) any Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party may merge, amalgamate or consolidate with or into any other Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party, (e) any Subsidiary may dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to another Subsidiary; provided that if the transferor in such a transaction is a Credit Party, then the transferee must be a Credit Party, (f) any Credit Party (other than any Inactive Subsidiary) may make Permitted Acquisitions; (g) any Credit Party (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) may make investments in Permitted Joint Ventures existing on the Closing Date, all of which such Permitted Joint Ventures are identified on Schedule 5.3 hereto, and any additional Permitted Joint Ventures formed after the Closing Date so long as not more than seven (7) Permitted Joint Ventures are in existence at any time, provided the aggregate amount of all cash and non-cash investments in Permitted Joint Ventures shall not exceed 1,000,000 in the aggregate outstanding at any one time, and provided further that no new investments in such Permitted Joint Ventures shall be made if any Default or Event of Default then exists; (h) investments in cash and Cash Equivalents; (i) intercompany loans to the extent permitted under Section 5.1 ; (j) investments made after the Closing Date in any Credit Party; (k) promissory notes and other non-cash consideration received in connection with any disposition of assets permitted by Section 5.4 ; (l) investments in the form of advances made to subcontractors in the ordinary course of business consistent with historical practice; (m) investments received in settlement of amounts due 
 34 

 to any Credit Party effected in the ordinary course of business as a result of insolvency proceedings involving an account debtor or upon the foreclosure or enforcement of any Lien in favor of a Credit Party, (n) Stock or other securities acquired in connection with the satisfaction or enforcement of Indebtedness claims due and owing to a Credit Party (in bankruptcy of customers or suppliers or otherwise outside the ordinary course of business) or as security for any such Indebtedness, (o) to the extent no Default or Event of Default has occurred or would result therefrom, initial capital contribution(s) to any Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary in an aggregate amount all such Permitted Captive Insurance Companies not to exceed 250,000 and (p) investments not otherwise permitted pursuant to this Section 5.3 in an aggregate amount not to exceed 500,000 at any time outstanding; provided that immediately before and after giving effect to such investments, no Default or Event to Default shall have occurred or be continuing. 5.4 Asset Sales . Sell, transfer, convey, assign, issue or otherwise dispose any of its assets or properties (including its accounts or any shares of its Stock) or engage in any sale-leaseback, synthetic lease or similar transaction, including without limitation the Collateral or Loan proceeds; provided , however , that (i) any Grantor may transfer any of its Collateral to any other Grantor provided such Collateral remains subject to the Liens of Agent under this Agreement to secure the Obligations, (ii) any Grantor may sell inventory to its customers in the ordinary course of business, (iii) any Grantor may sell for fair market value assets or properties so long as the following conditions are met: (1) the aggregate fair market value, of all such asset sales do not exceed 200,000 in any Fiscal Year, (2) immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect to such Asset Sale, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, (3) if required, the Borrower has applied any Net Cash Proceeds arising therefrom pursuant to Section 1.2(c) and (4) the consideration received for such sale, transfer, lease, contribution or conveyance is received in cash; (iv) Holdings and Braden shall wind-up the affairs of and dissolve Braden Mexico as required by Section 3.36 and transfer any remaining assets to the Credit Parties, (v) Holdings shall wind-up the affairs of and dissolve Braden as required by Section 3.36 and transfer any remaining assets to the Credit Parties, (vi) Holdings may wind-up the affairs of and dissolve any Inactive Subsidiary, provided that any assets of such Person shall be transferred to a Credit Party that continues to exist after the winding-up and/or dissolution of such Person, (vii) any Credit Party may use proceeds of the Loans for purposes permitted under this Agreement, (viii) any Grantor may dispose of obsolete, worn out or surplus property, whether new owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business and property no longer used or useful in the conduct of such Grantor, (ix) any Grantor may dispose of immaterial assets in the ordinary course of business (including allowing any registrations or any applications for registration of any immaterial Intellectual Property to lapse or be abandoned in the ordinary course of business), (x) any Grantor may dispose of any property to the extent that (A) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property that is promptly purchased or (B) the proceeds of such disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of replacement property (which replacement property is promptly purchased), (xi) any Grantor may dispose of any property to the extent expressly permitted by Section 5.3 , 5.5 , 5.7 or 5.19 and the granting of Liens expressly permitted by Section 5.2 , (xii) any Grantor may dispose of cash and Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of business, (xiii) any Grantor may unwind any Hedging Agreement in accordance with its terms to the extent such Hedging Agreement is (or was) entered into by a Credit Party in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating risks associated with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets, or property held or reasonably anticipated by such Credit Party, or changes in the value of securities issued by such Credit Party, and not for purposes of speculation or taking a market view , and (xiii) any Grantor may dispose of any property in connection with a Casualty Event, provided that the Net Cash Proceeds thereof shall be applied in accordance with the requirements of Section 1.2(c). 5.5 Restricted Payments. Make or permit any Restricted Payment other than (i) to the extent constituting Restricted Payments, the Credit Parties may enter into and consummate transactions expressly permitted by any provision of Section 5.3 or 5.7 , (ii) Subsidiaries may make Restricted Payments to any Credit Party (other than to Inactive Subsidiaries); (iii) Holdings or any Subsidiary thereof may pay dividends on shares of its own Stock to the extent such dividends are (1) payable solely in the form of Qualified Capital Stock of such Person, and (2) paid on a pro rata basis among all holders of Equity Interests of Holdings or such Subsidiary. 5.6 Changes in Nature of Business. Engage in any business other than (a) that presently engaged in by Credit Parties, (b) except to the extent such change in business could reasonably be expected to adversely affect repayment of the Obligations or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (c) any business reasonably related or ancillary thereto. 
 35 

 5.7 Transactions with Affiliates. Enter into any lending, borrowing or other commercial transaction with any of its employees, directors, Affiliates or any other Credit Party (including upstreaming and downstreaming of cash and intercompany advances and payments by a Credit Party on behalf of another Credit Party) other than (i) loans or advances to employees of a Credit Party (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) in the ordinary course of business in an aggregate outstanding amount not exceeding 50,000, (ii) transactions that are on fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to such Credit Party or such Subsidiary than obtainable in an arm s length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate, (iii) any investment in a Permitted Joint Venture to the extent expressly permitted by Section 5.3 , (iv) the repurchase or redemption of Stock or other Equity Interest of Holdings or its Subsidiaries held by officers, directors or employees or former officers, directors or employees (or their transferees, estates, or beneficiaries under their estates) of Holdings or its Subsidiaries, upon their death, disability, retirement, severance or termination of employment or service in an aggregate amount, to the extent not financed by the proceeds of life insurance, not to exceed 250,000 during any Fiscal Year, provided , that , (A) no Event of Default shall exist or would result after giving effect to any such Restricted Payment, and (B) after giving pro forma effect to any such Restricted Payment, the Credit Parties shall be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 4.2 as of the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements have been (or were required to have been) delivered pursuant to Section 4.1 , (v) transactions by and among Credit Parties (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) to the extent expressly permitted under Section 5.1 or 5.3, (vi) agreements incurred in the ordinary course of business by and among Credit Parties to provide shared management services, (vii) customary compensation and indemnification of, and other customary employment arrangements (including equity incentive plans, employee benefit plans and arrangements, issuance of Equity Interests, payment of bonuses and stock option plans and payments with respect thereto) with directors, officers and employees of Holdings or any Credit Party in the ordinary course of business, (viii) Restricted Payments permitted under Section 5.5 , (ix) other transactions with any Permitted Joint Venture in the ordinary course of business on terms as favorable as would be obtained by any Credit Party in a comparable arm s-length transaction with an independent, unrelated third party, (x) the provision of goods or engineering, design, procurement, project management, quality management or other services by any Credit Party or Subsidiary to any Credit Party or any other Subsidiary pursuant to purchase orders issued in the ordinary course of business in connection with third party contracts to the extent the terms of such transactions are on fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to such Credit Party or such Subsidiary than obtainable in an arm s length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate, and (xi) the provision of insurance by a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary to a Credit Party in the ordinary course of business , and (xii) the Subordinated Debt and the transactions contemplated thereby to the extent expressly permitted under Section 5.1 . 5.8 Third-Party Restrictions on Indebtedness, Liens, Investments or Restricted Payments . Incur or otherwise suffer to exist or become effective or remain liable on or responsible for any Contractual Obligation limiting or restricting the ability of (a) any Credit Party to make Restricted Payments to, or investments in, or repay Indebtedness of, or otherwise sell property to, any Credit Party or (b) any Credit Party to incur or suffer to exist any Lien upon any property of any Credit Party, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, securing any of its Obligations (including any such limitation or restriction in the form of any equal and ratable clause and any similar Contractual Obligation requiring, when a Lien is granted on any property, another Lien to be granted on such property or any other property), except, for each of clauses (a) and (b) above, (w) pursuant to customary provisions restricting pledges, assignments, subletting or other transfers contained in leases, licenses and similar agreements entered in the ordinary course of business that are not prohibited by this Agreement (provided that such restrictions are limited to the property or assets subject to such leases, licenses, or agreements), (x) pursuant to the Loan Documents, (y) pursuant to the Revolving Loan Documents and (z) limitations on Liens (other than those securing any Obligation) on any property whose acquisition, repair, improvement or construction is financed by Capital Lease Obligations or Purchase Money Indebtedness in reliance upon Section 5.1(b) or (z) set forth in the Contractual Obligations governing such Indebtedness with respect thereto. 5.9 Modification of Certain Documents . Amend, waive, or otherwise modify its charter or by-laws or other Organizational Documents in a manner adverse to the interest of the Agent or Lenders. 5.10 Accounting Changes; Fiscal Year . Change its (a) accounting treatment or reporting practices, except as required by GAAP or any Requirement of Law applicable to such Credit Party or (b) its Fiscal Year or its method for determining Fiscal Quarters. 5.11 Changes to Name, Locations, Etc .(a) Change (i) its name, Chief Executive Office, registered office, 
 36 

 corporate offices from those set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.2) , (ii) its warehouses or other Collateral locations, or location of its records concerning the Collateral from those locations set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.2) , (iii) the type of legal entity that it is, (iv) its organization identification number, if any, issued by its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization or (v) its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization from that set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.2) or (b) acquire, lease or use any real estate after the Closing Date without such Person, in each instance, giving thirty (30) days prior written notice thereof to Agent and taking all actions deemed necessary or appropriate by Agent to continuously protect and perfect Agent s Liens upon the Collateral. 5.12 Bank Accounts .(a) Establish any depository or other bank account of any kind with any financial institution (other than the accounts set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.26) and Excluded Accounts) in each case, without Agent s prior written consent (except that Agent s prior written consent shall not be required to establish any such accounts with the Revolving Agent), and then (except in the case of Excluded Accounts) only after such Credit Party has implemented Control Agreements with respect to any such accounts (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any accounts established with Revolving Agent, but excluding any Excluded Accounts) such bank or financial institution and Agent reasonably acceptable to Agent or (b) close or permit to be closed any of the accounts listed on Disclosure Schedule (3.26) (other than Excluded Accounts), in each case without Agent s prior written consent. 5.13 Margin Regulations . Use all or any portion of the proceeds of any credit extended hereunder to purchase or carry Margin Stock in contravention of Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board. 5.14 Compliance with ERISA and Canadian Pension Plans . No ERISA Affiliate shall cause or suffer to exist (a) any event that could reasonably be expected to result in the imposition of a Lien with respect to any Title IV Plan or Multiemployer Plan or (b) any other ERISA Event, that would, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount. No Credit Party shall cause or suffer to exist any event that could reasonably be expected to result in the imposition of a Lien with respect to any Plan. No Credit Party nor any Subsidiary thereof shall cause or suffer to exist any event that could reasonably be expected to result in the wind-up of a Canadian Pension Plan that would result in a solvency deficiency in excess of the Threshold Amount. No Credit Party nor any Subsidiary thereof may (i) contribute to or assume an obligation to contribute to any Canadian Pension Plan that contains a defined benefit provision, as defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada), or (ii) acquire an interest in any Person if such Person sponsors, administers, maintains or contributes to or has any liability in respect of any Canadian Pension Plan that contains a defined benefit provision, as defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada), in either case without the prior written consent of the Agent. 5.15 Hazardous Materials . Cause or suffer to exist any Release of any Hazardous Material at, to or from any Real Property owned, leased, subleased or otherwise operated or occupied by any Credit Party that would violate any Environmental Law, form the basis for any Environmental Liabilities or otherwise adversely affect the value or marketability of any real property (whether or not owned by any Credit Party), other than such violations, Environmental Liabilities and effects that could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.16 Modifications to Revolving Loan Documents and Subordinated Debt . (a) Without the prior written consent of the Agent unless expressly permitted pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, permit any changes, amendments or modifications to the Revolving Loan Documents that (i) would be adverse to the Agent or the Lenders, (ii) would result in a material increase in any facility fee or other fee applicable to Indebtedness under the Revolving Loan Agreement, provided that such prohibition shall not apply to customary amendment fees paid in consideration for a modification or amendment of the Revolving Loan Agreement, (iii) modify the prepayment provisions of the Revolving Loan Agreement, or (iv) would modify Section 7.18 of the Revolving Loan Agreement. (b) Without the prior written consent of the Agent in its sole discretion, permit any changes, amendments or modifications to the Capital Provision Documents that would be adverse to the Agent or the Lenders (it being understood and agreed that any amendment of any kind to the Capital Provision Agreement is hereby deemed to be adverse to the Agent and Lenders and shall require the prior written consent of the Agent). The Borrower shall notify Agent promptly after the termination, if any, of the Capital Provision Agreement and Borrower shall promptly terminate (and make filings evidencing the termination of), and/or use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Capital Providers to terminate (and make filings to evidence the termination of), any Liens that the Capital Providers may have had on the assets of the Borrower, including without limitation the termination of all UCC financing 
 37 

 statements made by the Capital Providers in connection with the Capital Provision Agreement, to the extent that Holdings no longer has any obligations under the Capital Provision Agreement. (c) Without the prior written consent of Agent in its sole discretion, permit any changes, amendments or modifications to the Subordinated Debt Documents in violation of the Subordination Agreement. 5.17 Inactive Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, allow any Inactive Subsidiary to (i) engage in any business activities or conduct any operations, other than maintaining its corporate existence pending its dissolution pursuant to Section 5.4 hereof, (ii) own any material assets, (iii) have any Subsidiaries or (iv) have or incur any liabilities (other than (A) those existing as of the Closing Date, and (B) any contingent liability arising under this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any of the Revolving Loan Documents), without first obtaining Agent s prior written consent. 5.18 Compliance with Anti-Terrorism Laws . (a) Directly or indirectly, in connection with the Loans, knowingly (i) conduct any business or engage in making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any Embargoed Person, (ii) deal in, or otherwise engage in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked pursuant to any Anti-Terrorism Law or (iii) engage in or conspire to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in any Anti-Terrorism Law. (b) Directly or indirectly, in connection with the Loans, knowingly cause or permit any of the funds of such Credit Party that are used to repay the Loans to be derived from any unlawful activity with the result that the making of the Loans would be in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law. (c) Reserved. (d) Deliver to the Lenders any certification or other evidence requested from time to time by any Lender in its reasonable discretion, confirming the Credit Parties compliance with this Section 5 .18. 5.19 Sale-Leasebacks . Permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage in a sale leaseback, synthetic lease or similar transaction involving any of its assets. 5.20 Leases . Enter as lessee into any lease arrangement for real or personal property if after giving effect thereto, aggregate annual rental payments for all leased property of the Credit Parties in any Fiscal Year would exceed 1,335,000. 5.21 Captive Insurance Subsidiaries . Form any Captive Insurance Subsidiary unless such Person is approved by the Agent in writing in advance as a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary. If the Borrower desires to request that a Captive Insurance Subsidiary be approved as a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary, then the Borrower shall notify the Agent at least 30 Business Days (or such shorter period as Agent may agree in its sole discretion) in advance of the date on which such Person is requested to constitute a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary under this Agreement, shall provide the Agent with a summary of all material information regarding such proposed Captive Insurance Subsidiary and its proposed activities and any other detail reasonably requested by Agent in connection therewith. The Agent shall review the request and use commercially reasonable efforts to either approve or reject, on or prior to the date that is 30 Business Days after it has received the request from the Borrower, that the proposed Captive Insurance Subsidiary be deemed to constitute a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary under this Agreement; provided, that if the Agent has not made such a determination by the date that is 30 Business Days after receipt of the request from Borrower, then Agent is deemed to have rejected such request by Borrower. If Agent approves the request from Borrower to treat a Captive Insurance Subsidiary as a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary, then such Person shall be treated as a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary on the date, and pursuant to the other terms, set forth in a notice delivered by the Agent to the Borrower at such time. 5.22 Payments under the Revolving Loan Agreement . At any time, directly or indirectly, pay, prepay, repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire, or make any payment on account of any principal of, interest on or premium 
 38 

 payable in connection with the repayment or Indebtedness under the Revolving Loan Documents, provided, however, that (a) the Credit Parties may make payments of interest on and principal of the Advances in accordance with the terms of the Revolving Loan Agreement, (b) the Credit Parties may make Mandatory Prepayments (as such term is defined in the Revolving Loan Agreement) of principal on the Advances in accordance with the terms of the Revolving Loan Agreement, and (c) the Credit Parties may make payments of fees, expenses, indemnities or other obligations when due and payable in accordance with the terms of the Revolving Loan Documents. 6. SECURITY INTEREST 6.1 Grant of Security Interest . (a) As collateral security for the prompt and complete payment and performance of the Obligations, each of Borrower and each other Credit Party (in each case, that is not a Canadian Credit Party) executing this Agreement, or from time to time party hereto, hereby grants to Agent for the benefit of the Lenders a security interest in and Lien upon all of its rights, title and interests in and to its property and assets, whether real or personal, tangible or intangible, and whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or in which it now has or at any time in the future may acquire any right, title, or interest, including all of the following property in which it now has or at any time in the future may acquire any right, title or interest: (i) all Accounts; (ii) all deposit accounts; (iii) all other bank accounts and all funds on deposit therein; all money, cash and cash equivalents; (iv) all investment property; (v) all Stock and all Distributions in respect thereof; (vi) all goods (including, without limitation, inventory, equipment, and fixtures); (vii) all chattel paper, documents, documents of title and instruments; (viii) all Books and Records; (ix) all general intangibles (including, without limitation, all Intellectual Property, Intellectual Property applications, contract rights, choses in action, payment intangibles, licenses, Permits, and software, and all rights and interests under any key man life insurance policies); (x) all letter-of-credit rights; (xi) all commercial tort claims, including those listed on Disclosure Schedule (6.5); (xii) all property, including all property of every description, in custody or in transit for any purpose, including safekeeping, collection or pledge, for the account of Borrower or any Credit Party or to which Borrower or any Credit Party may have any right or power, including but not limited to cash; (xiii) all other goods (including but not limited to fixtures) and personal property, whether tangible or intangible and wherever located; (xiv) all supporting obligations and consents and agreements of any kind or nature that are material to the operation, management, maintenance and conduct of any Credit Party; (xv) all Material Real Property of every kind and nature, including leases; and 
 39 

 (xvi) to the extent not otherwise included, all Proceeds, tort claims, insurance claims and other rights to payment not otherwise included in the foregoing and products of all and any of the foregoing and all accessions to, substitutions and replacements for, and rents and profits of, each of the foregoing (all of the foregoing, collectively, the Collateral ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the term Collateral shall not include any Excluded Assets; provided , that if and when any property shall cease to be Excluded Assets, such property shall automatically be deemed to constitute Collateral and a security interest in such property automatically shall be deemed granted therein. The Grantors shall from time to time, promptly after reasonable request by the Agent, give written notice to the Agent identifying in reasonable detail the Excluded Assets (and stating in such notice that such assets fulfill the criteria to constitute Excluded Assets under the definition thereof) and shall provide to the Agent such other information regarding the Excluded Assets as the Agent may reasonably request. (b) Borrower, Agent, each Lender and each other Grantor (in each case, other than Canadian Credit Parties) agrees that this Agreement creates, and is intended to create, valid and continuing Liens upon the Collateral in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders. Each Grantor that is not a Canadian Credit Party represents, warrants and covenants to Agent and each Lender that: (i) such Grantor has, and shall have, rights in and the power to transfer each item of the Collateral upon which it purports to grant a Lien pursuant to this Agreement, free and clear of any and all Liens or claims of others, other than Permitted Liens; (ii) the security interests granted pursuant to this Agreement, upon completion of the filings and other actions listed on Disclosure Schedule (6.1) (which, in the case of all filings and other documents referred to in said Schedule, have been delivered to the Agent in duly executed form to the extent applicable) and the filing of UCC-1 financing statements with respect to the Collateral, will constitute valid perfected security interests in all of the Collateral in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders as security for the prompt and complete payment and performance of the Obligations, enforceable in accordance with the terms hereof against any and all creditors of and purchasers from any Grantor and such security interests are prior to all other Liens on the Collateral in existence on the date hereof except for (x) to the extent specified in the Intercreditor Agreement, the Liens on the Collateral in favor of Revolving Loan Agent, and (y) Permitted Liens that have priority by operation of law (including any Permitted Lien that is a Purchase Money Lien that satisfies the requirements under the Code and/or other applicable law to take priority over the previously perfected Lien on all assets of a debtor); and (iii) no effective security agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, financing statement, equivalent security or Lien instrument or continuation statement covering all or any part of the Collateral is or will be on file or of record in any public office, except those relating to Permitted Liens. Each Grantor promises to defend the right, title and interest of Agent in and to the Collateral against the claims and demands of all Persons. (c) Each Credit Party that is not a Canadian Credit Party confirms that value has been given by the Agent to each such Credit Party, that such Credit Party has rights in the Collateral (other than after-acquired property) and that such Credit Party and the Agent have not agreed to postpone the time for attachment of the security interests created by this Agreement to any of the Collateral. The security interests created by this Agreement are intended to attach to: (i) existing Collateral when each Credit Party executes this Agreement, and (ii) Collateral subsequently acquired by each Credit Party immediately upon each such Credit Party acquiring any rights in such Collateral. 6.2 Agent s Rights . Each Grantor, with respect to each property where any Collateral is located that is owned, leased or controlled by any Grantor, during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice (unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in which event no notice shall be required and Agent shall have access at any and all times): (i) provide access to such property to Agent and any of its officers, employees and agents, as frequently as Agent determines to be appropriate, (ii) permit Agent to inspect, review, evaluate and make physical verifications and appraisals of the Collateral in any manner and through any medium that Agent considers advisable, and each Grantor agrees to render to Agent, at such Grantor s cost and expense, such clerical and other assistance as may be reasonably requested with regard thereto, and (iii) permit Agent to inspect, audit and make extracts and copies (or take originals if reasonably necessary) from all of such Grantor s Books and Records; provided, that so long as no Event of Default is continuing, Borrower shall not be obligated to pay the expenses of 
 40 

 more than three (3) such inspections or visits during each Fiscal Year of the Borrower. Each Lender may, with the consent of Agent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, accompany Agent on any such visit or inspection and such Grantor will be obligated to pay the expenses incurred by any such Lender to the extent required under Section 10.2. 6.3 Agent s Appointment as Attorney-in-fact . On the Closing Date, each Grantor shall execute and deliver a Power of Attorney in the form attached as Exhibit D . The power of attorney granted pursuant to the Power of Attorney and all powers granted under any Loan Document are powers coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable until the Termination Date. The powers conferred on Agent under each Power of Attorney are solely to protect Agent s interests in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty upon it to exercise any such powers. Agent agrees not to exercise any power or authority granted under the Power of Attorney unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Each Grantor also hereby (i) authorizes Agent to file any financing statements, financing change statement, continuation statements or amendments thereto that (x) cover the Collateral, and (y) contain any other information required by Part 5 of Article 9 of the Code and the comparable provisions of the PPSA for the sufficiency or filing office acceptance of any such financing statement, financing change statement, continuation statement or amendment and (ii) ratifies its authorization for Agent to have filed any such financing statements, if filed prior to the date hereof. Each Grantor acknowledges that, until the Obligations have been repaid in full, it is not authorized to file any financing statement or amendment or termination statement with respect to any such financing statement without the prior written consent of Agent and agrees that it will not do so without the prior written consent of Agent, subject to such Grantor s rights under Section 9-509(d)(2) of the Code. 6.4 Grant of License to Use Intellectual Property Collateral . Solely for the purpose of enabling Agent to exercise rights and remedies under Section 7.2 hereof for the benefit of the Lenders (including, without limiting the terms of Section 7.2 hereof, in order to take possession of, hold, preserve, process, assemble, prepare for sale, market for sale, sell or otherwise dispose of Collateral) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, each Grantor hereby grants to Agent an irrevocable, non-exclusive license (exercisable upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default without payment of royalty or other compensation to such Grantor) to use, transfer, license or sublicense any Intellectual Property relating to any of the Collateral now owned, licensed to, or hereafter acquired by such Grantor, and wherever the same may be located, and including in such license access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all computer software and programs used for the compilation or printout thereof, and represents, promises and agrees that any such license or sublicense is not and will not be in conflict with the contractual or commercial rights of any third Person; provided , that such license will terminate on the Termination Date. 6.5 Commercial Tort Claims . As of the Closing Date, each Credit Party hereby represents and warrants that it holds no commercial tort claims other than those listed on Disclosure Schedule (6.5). If any Credit Party shall at any time hold or acquire a commercial tort claim, such Credit Party shall immediately notify Agent in writing signed by such Credit Party of the brief details thereof, supplement Disclosure Schedule (6.5) with such details and grant to Agent in such writing a security interest therein and in the Proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent. The requirement in the preceding sentence shall not apply to the extent that the amount of such commercial tort claim, together with the amount of all other commercial tort claims held by any Credit Party in which Agent does not have a security interest, does not exceed 100,000 individually or 200,000 in the aggregate for all Credit Parties. 6.6 Duties of Agent . Agent s sole duty with respect to the custody, safekeeping and physical preservation of the Collateral in its possession shall be to deal with it in the same manner as Agent deals with similar property for its own account. The powers conferred on Agent hereunder are solely to protect Agent s interest in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty upon Agent to exercise any such powers. Agent shall be accountable only for amounts that it receives as a result of the exercise of such powers, and neither it nor any of its Related Persons shall be responsible to any Grantor for any act or failure to act hereunder, except for their own gross negligence or willful misconduct as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. In addition, Agent shall not be liable or responsible for any loss or damage to any Collateral, or for any diminution in the value thereof, by reason of the act or omission of any warehousemen, carrier, forwarding agency, consignee or other bailee if such Person has been selected by Agent in good faith. 
 41 

 7. EVENTS OF DEFAULT: RIGHTS AND REMEDIES 7.1 Events of Defau lt. The occurrence of any one or more of the following events (regardless of the reason therefor) shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder which shall be deemed to be continuing until waived in writing by Agent in accordance with Section 9.3 or cured in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement: (a) Any Credit Party shall fail to pay (i) the principal in respect of the Loan when due and payable or declared due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof, or (ii) interest in respect of the Loan or any other Obligations within three (3) days after any such other Obligation becomes due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof or any other Loan Document; or (b) any representation or warranty in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or in any written statement pursuant hereto or thereto, or in any written report, financial statement or certificate made or delivered to Agent by Borrower or any other Credit Party shall be untrue or incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made, regardless of whether such breach involves a representation or warranty with respect to a Credit Party that has not signed this Agreement; or (c) Borrower or any other Credit Party shall fail or neglect to perform, keep or observe any of the covenants, agreements, requirements, or other terms or provisions to be performed, kept or observed by Borrower or such other Credit Party contained in (i) Section 3.1(a)(i)(A) (with respect to such Person s legal existence), Section 3.16 , Section 3.22 , Section 3.23 , Section 3.26(c) , Section 3.31 , Section 3.36 , Section 4.1(a) , (b) . (c), (d) or (j) , Section 4.2 , Section 4.3, each subsection of Section 5 , and each subsection of Section 6 of this Agreement, or the SBA Side Letter, or (ii) Section 3.21 or any other provision of Section 4.1 (other than referred to under the preceding clause (i)) and such failure or neglect shall continue unremedied for a period of three (3) Business Days; or (d) Borrower or any other Credit Party shall fail or neglect to perform, keep or observe any of the covenants, promises, agreements, requirements, or other terms or provisions to be performed, kept or observed by Borrower or such other Credit Party contained in Section 3.26 (other than Section 3.26(c)) or Section 3.28 of this Agreement, and such failure or neglect shall continue unremedied for a period of three (3) Business Days; or (e) Borrower or any other Credit Party shall fail or neglect to perform, keep or observe any of the covenants, promises, agreements, requirements, or other terms or provisions to be performed, kept or observed by Borrower or such other Credit Party contained in this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents (other than as specified in paragraphs (a) through (d) above), and such failure or neglect shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days after the earlier of (i) a Responsible Officer of a Credit Party having knowledge thereof, or (ii) written notice is delivered to the Borrower or such Credit Party by the Agent or any Lender; or (f) an event of default shall occur under any Contractual Obligation of the Borrower or any other Credit Party (other than this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and , the Revolving Loan Documents or the Subordinated Loan Documents), and such event of default (i) involves the failure to make any payment (whether or not such payment is blocked pursuant to the terms of an intercreditor agreement or otherwise), whether of principal, interest or otherwise, and whether due by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise and such failure continues after the applicable grace or notice period, if any, specified in the document relating thereto, in respect of any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations , the Indebtedness under the Revolving Loan Documents and the Indebtedness under the Revolving Loan Documents Subordinated Notes of such Person in an aggregate original principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount, or (ii) causes (or permits any holder of such Indebtedness or a trustee to cause) such Indebtedness, or a portion thereof, in an aggregate original principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount become due prior to its stated maturity or prior to its regularly scheduled date of payment; or (g) there shall be commenced against the Borrower or any other Credit Party any Litigation seeking issuance of a warrant of attachment, execution, distraint or similar process against all or any substantial part 
 42 

 of its assets that results in the entry of an order for any such relief that remains unstayed, undismissed or unbonded for sixty (60) consecutive days; or (h) a case or proceeding shall have been commenced involuntarily against Borrower or any other Credit Party in a court having competent jurisdiction seeking a decree or order: (i) under any Debtor Relief Law, and seeking either (x) the appointment of a custodian, receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, liquidator, assignee, trustee, monitor or sequestrator (or similar official) for such Person or of any substantial part of its properties, or (y) the reorganization or winding up or liquidation of the affairs of any such Person, and such case or proceeding shall remain undismissed, unstayed or unbonded for sixty (60) consecutive days or such court shall enter a decree or order granting the relief sought in such case or proceeding; or (ii) invalidating or denying any such Person s right, power, or competence to enter into or perform any of its obligations under any Loan Document or invalidating or denying the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any action taken hereunder or thereunder; or (i) Borrower or any other Credit Party shall (i) commence any case, proceeding or other action under any Debtor Relief Law, seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to it or seeking appointment of a custodian, receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, liquidator, assignee, trustee, monitor or sequestrator (or similar official) for it or any substantial part of its properties, (ii) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iii) consent to or take any action in furtherance of, or, indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the acts set forth in paragraph (h) of this Section 7.1 or clauses (i) and (ii) of this paragraph (i), or (iv) shall admit in writing its inability to, or shall be generally unable to, pay its debts as such debts become due; or (j) a final judgment or judgments for the payment of money in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate shall be rendered against Borrower or any other Credit Party, unless the same shall be (i) fully covered by insurance and the issuer(s) of the applicable policies have not disclaimed coverage, or (ii) vacated, stayed, bonded, paid or discharged within a period of sixty (60) consecutive days from the date of such judgment; or (k) any material provision of any Loan Document shall for any reason (other than upon satisfaction in full of the Obligations), cease to be valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms, or any Lien granted, or intended by the Loan Documents to be granted, to Agent for the benefit of the Lenders shall cease to be a valid and perfected Lien having the first priority (or a lesser priority if expressly permitted in the Loan Documents, including the Intercreditor Agreement), except to the extent that any such loss of perfection or priority results from the failure of the Agent (which failure is not due to any omission or action by Credit Parties) to maintain possession of certificates actually received representing securities pledged hereunder or under the Pledge Agreement or to file Code continuation statements in the applicable jurisdictions; or (l) a Change of Control shall have occurred; or (m) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred and are then continuing, could reasonably be expected to have Material Adverse Effect; or (n) an event of default shall occur and be continuing beyond any applicable grace or notice period, under any other Loan Document; or (o) if the obligation of any Guarantor under its Guarantee or under any of the other Loan Documents is limited or terminated by operation of law or by such Guarantor (other than in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, its Guarantee or such other Loan Documents); or (p) an Event of Default as defined in the Revolving Loan Agreement occurs, which shall not have been cured within any applicable grace period or waived, or if any Person (other than Agent or any Lender) party to the Intercreditor Agreement breaches or violates in any material respect, or attempts to terminate or challenge the validity of, such Intercreditor Agreement; or (q) an Event of Default as defined in either Subordinated Note occurs, which shall not have been cured 
 43 

 within any applicable grace period or waived, or if any Person (other than Agent or any Lender) party to the Subordination Agreement applicable to either Subordinated Note breaches or violates in any material respect, or attempts to terminate or challenge the validity of, such Subordination Agreement. 7.2 Remedies . (a) If any Default shall have occurred and be continuing, then each Lender may suspend its commitment hereunder to make the Term Loan. In addition, if any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Agent may take any one or more of the following actions: (i) by notice to Borrower declare all or any portion of the Obligations to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon such Obligations shall become and be due and payable; or (ii) exercise any rights and remedies provided to Agent for the benefit of the Lenders under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the Code and the PPSA; provided , that upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in clause (i) of either Sections 7.1(h) or (i) , the Obligations shall become immediately due and payable (and any obligation of the Lenders to make the Loan, if not previously terminated, shall immediately be terminated) without declaration, notice or demand by Agent. (b) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Grantor expressly agrees that upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, Agent may collect, receive, assemble, appropriate and realize upon the Collateral, or any part thereof, and may forthwith sell, lease, assign, give an option or options to purchase or otherwise dispose of and deliver said Collateral (or contract to do so), or any part thereof, in one or more parcels at public or private sale or sales, at any exchange at such prices as it may deem best, for cash or on credit or for future delivery without assumption of any credit risk. Agent shall have the right upon any such public sale, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to purchase for the benefit of the Lenders the whole or any part of said Collateral so sold, free of any right of equity of redemption, which right each Grantor hereby releases. Such sales may be adjourned, or continued from time to time with or without notice. Agent shall have the right to conduct such sales on any Grantor s premises or elsewhere and shall have the right to use any Grantor s premises without rent or other charge for such sales or other action with respect to the Collateral for such time as Agent deems necessary or advisable. (c) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default and at Agent s request, Borrower and each other Grantor further agrees, to assemble the Collateral and make it available to Agent at places that Agent shall reasonably select, whether at its premises or elsewhere. During the continuance of an Event of Default, until Agent is able to effect a sale, lease, or other disposition of the Collateral, Agent shall have the right to complete, assemble, use or operate the Collateral or any part thereof, to the extent that Agent deems appropriate, for the purpose of preserving such Collateral or its value or for any other purpose. Agent shall have no obligation to any Grantor to maintain or preserve the rights of any Grantor as against third parties with respect to any Collateral while such Collateral is in the possession of Agent. During the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent may, if it so elects, seek the appointment of a receiver, interim receiver, or keeper to take possession of any Collateral and to enforce any of Agent s or the Lenders remedies with respect thereto without prior notice or hearing. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Borrower and each other Grantor waives all claims, damages, and demands against Agent, each Lender, their Affiliates, agents, and the officers and employees of any of them arising out of the repossession, retention or sale of any Collateral except such as are determined in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen solely out of the gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of such Person. Borrower and each other Grantor agrees that ten (10) Business Days prior notice by Agent to such Grantor of the time and place of any public sale or of the time after which a private sale may take place is reasonable notification of such matters. Borrower and each other Grantor shall remain liable for any deficiency if the proceeds of any sale or disposition of the Collateral are insufficient to pay all amounts to which Agent and each Lender are entitled. (d) Agent s and each Lender s rights and remedies under this Agreement shall be cumulative and nonexclusive of any other rights and remedies that Agent and each Lender may have under any Loan Document or at applicable law or in equity. Recourse to the Collateral shall not be required. All provisions of this Agreement are intended to be subject to all applicable mandatory provisions of law that may be controlling and to be limited, to the extent necessary, so that they do not render this Agreement invalid or 
 44 

 unenforceable, in whole or in part. 7.3 Waivers by Credit Parties .Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Borrower and each other Credit Party executing this Agreement waives: (a) presentment, demand and protest, and notice of presentment, dishonor, intent to accelerate, protest, default, nonpayment, maturity, release, compromise, settlement, extension or renewal of any or all Loan Documents; (b) all rights to notice and a hearing prior to Agent s taking possession or control of, or to Agent s replevy, attachment or levy upon, any Collateral or any bond or security that might be required by any court prior to allowing Agent or any Lender to exercise any of their remedies; and (c) the benefit of all valuation, appraisal and exemption laws. Borrower and each other Credit Party executing this Agreement acknowledges that it has been advised by counsel of its choices and decisions with respect to this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the transactions evidenced hereby and thereby. 7.4 Proceeds . The Proceeds of any sale, disposition or other realization upon any Collateral during the continuance of an Event of Default shall be applied by Agent upon receipt to the Obligations in such order as Agent may deem advisable in its sole discretion and after the indefeasible payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all of the Obligations, and after the payment by Agent of any other amount required by any applicable provision of law, including Sections 9-608(a)(1) and 9-615(a)(3) of the Code and the comparable provisions of the PPSA (but only after Agent has received what Agent considers reasonable proof of a subordinate party s security interest), the surplus, if any, shall be paid to the applicable Grantor or its representatives or to whomsoever may be lawfully entitled to receive the same, or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct. In the event that any such Proceeds are insufficient to pay the Obligations in full, the Credit Parties shall remain liable, jointly and severally, for any deficiency. 8. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS (a) Each Loan Document shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of Borrower and each other Credit Party executing such Loan Document, Agent, each Lender, and their respective successors and assigns, except as otherwise provided herein or therein. If more than one party signs this instrument as Borrower, then the term Borrower as used herein shall mean all of such parties, jointly and severally. Except as expressly permitted under Section 5.3 , neither Borrower nor any other Credit Party may assign, transfer, hypothecate, delegate or otherwise convey its rights, benefits, obligations or duties under any Loan Document without the prior express written consent of Agent. Any such purported conveyance by Borrower or such Credit Party without the prior express written consent of Agent shall be void. There shall be no third party beneficiaries of any of the terms and provisions of any of the Loan Documents. Each Lender reserves the right at any time to create and sell participations in the Loan and the Loan Documents to any other Person (a Participant and to sell, transfer or assign any or all of its rights in the Loan and under the Loan Documents to one or more Persons (other than any Affiliate of the Credit Parties) (an Assignee ), in each case, subject to the terms and conditions of this Section 8 . Any such sale, transfer or assignment shall be effected by a written assignment agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit I attached hereto (an Assignment Agreement delivered by such Assignee Agent and such Assignee shall pay to Agent an assignment fee in the amount of 3,500, which shall be paid to the Agent on the effective date of each such Assignment Agreement. Agent shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of Borrower, maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment Agreement delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of each Lender and the principal amount of the Term Loan owing to each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and Borrower, Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. Any assignment of the Term Loan, whether or not evidenced by a Note, shall be effective only upon appropriate entries with respect thereto being made in the Register. Any assignment or transfer of all or part of the Term Loan evidenced by a Note shall be registered on the Register only upon surrender for registration of assignment or transfer of such Note evidencing the Loan, accompanied by a duly executed Assignment Agreement or transfer; thereupon a new Note in the same aggregate principal amount shall be issued to the designated Assignee, and the old Note shall be returned to Borrower marked canceled. The Register shall be available for inspection by Borrower at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, each Credit Party, the Agent and the 
 45 

 other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under their Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 1.7 , subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 8(b) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 8(b) shall be delivered to the participating Lender), to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment; provided that such Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 1.7 with respect to any participation than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a change in applicable law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, Agent (in its capacity as Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. (b) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to Borrower and Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent as will enable Borrower or Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iv) of this Section 8(b) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that Borrower is a U.S. Borrower: (i) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to Borrower and Agent on or about the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; (ii) any Lender that is not a U.S. Person (a Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: (A) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 
 46 

 (B) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; (C) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the IRC, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the IRC, a 10 percent shareholder of Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the IRC, or a controlled foreign corporation related to Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the IRC (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W 8BEN-E; or (D) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W 8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; (iii) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrower and Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit Borrower or Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and (iv) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the IRC, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to Borrower and Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the IRC) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent as may be necessary for Borrower and Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (iv), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify Borrower and Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 9. AGENT 9.1 Appointment and Duties. (a) Appointment of Agent . Each Lender hereby appoints EICF AGENT LLC (together with any successor Agent pursuant to Section 9.9) as Agent hereunder and authorizes Agent to (i) execute and deliver the Loan Documents and accept delivery thereof on its behalf from any Credit Party, (ii) take such action on its behalf and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies and perform the duties as are expressly delegated to Agent under such Loan Documents and (iii) exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 
 47 

 (b) Duties as Collateral and Disbursing Agent . Without limiting the generality of clause (a) above, Agent shall have the sole and exclusive right and authority (to the exclusion of the Lenders), and is hereby authorized, to (i) act as the disbursing and collecting agent for the Lenders with respect to all payments and collections arising in connection with the Loan Documents (including in any proceeding described in Section 7.1(h) or (i) or any other bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding), and each Person making any payment in connection with any Loan Document to any Lender is hereby authorized to make such payment to Agent, (ii) file and prove claims and file other documents necessary or desirable to allow the claims of the Lenders with respect to any Obligation in any proceeding described in Section 7.1(h) or (i) or any other bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding (but not to vote, consent or otherwise act on behalf of such Lender), (iii) act as collateral agent for each Lender for purposes of the perfection of all Liens created by such agreements and all other purposes stated therein, (iv) manage, supervise and otherwise deal with the Collateral, (v) take such other action as is necessary or desirable to maintain the perfection and priority of the Liens created or purported to be created by the Loan Documents, (vi) except as may be otherwise specified in any Loan Document, exercise all remedies given to Agent and the other Lenders with respect to the Collateral, whether under the Loan Documents, applicable Requirements of Law or otherwise and (vii) execute any amendment, consent or waiver under the Loan Documents on behalf of any Lender that has consented in writing to such amendment, consent or waiver; provided , however , that Agent hereby appoints, authorizes and directs each Lender to act as collateral sub-agent for Agent and the Lenders for purposes of the perfection of all Liens with respect to the Collateral, including any deposit account maintained by a Credit Party with, and cash and cash equivalents held by, such Lender, and may further authorize and direct the Lenders to take further actions as collateral sub-agents for purposes of enforcing such Liens or otherwise to transfer the Collateral subject thereto to Agent, and each Lender hereby agrees to take such further actions to the extent, and only to the extent, so authorized and directed. (c) Limited Duties . Under the Loan Documents, Agent (i) is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders, with duties that are entirely administrative in nature, notwithstanding the use of the defined term Agent , the terms agent , administrative agent and collateral agent and similar terms in any Loan Document to refer to Agent, which terms are used for title purposes only, (ii) is not assuming any obligation under any Loan Document other than as expressly set forth therein or any role as agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender and (iii) shall have no implied functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or other liabilities under any Loan Document, and each Lender hereby waives and agrees not to assert any claim against Agent based on the roles, duties and legal relationships expressly disclaimed in clauses (i) through (iii) above. 9.2 Binding Effect .Each Lender agrees that (i) any action taken by Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if expressly required hereby, a greater proportion of the Lenders) in accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents, (ii) any action taken by Agent in reliance upon the instructions of Required Lenders (or, where so required, such greater proportion) and (iii) the exercise by Agent or the Required Lenders (or, where so required, such greater proportion) of the powers set forth herein or therein, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be authorized and binding upon all of the Lenders. 9.3 Use of Discretion. (a) No Action without Instructions . Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take, or to omit to take, any action, including with respect to enforcement or collection, except any action it is required to take or omit to take (i) under any Loan Document or (ii) pursuant to instructions from the Required Lenders (or, where expressly required by the terms of this Agreement, a greater proportion of the Lenders). (b) Right Not to Follow Certain Instructions . Notwithstanding clause (a) above, Agent shall not be required to take, or to omit to take, any action (i) unless, upon demand, Agent receives an indemnification satisfactory to it from the Lenders against all costs, expenses, claims, actions or liabilities that, by reason of such action or omission, may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against Agent or any Related Person thereof or (ii) that is, in the opinion of Agent or its counsel, contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Requirement of Law. 9.4 Delegation of Rights and Duties .Agent may, upon any term or condition it specifies, delegate or exercise any of its rights, powers and remedies under, and delegate or perform any of its duties or any other action with respect to, 
 48 

 any Loan Document by or through any trustee, co-agent, employee, attorney-in-fact and any other Person (including any Lender). Any such Person shall benefit from this Section 9 to the extent provided by Agent. 9.5 Reliance and Liability. (a) Agent may, without incurring any liability hereunder, (i) treat the payee of any Note as its holder until such Note has been assigned in accordance with Section 8(a) , (ii) rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 8(a) , (iii) consult with any of its Related Persons and, whether or not selected by it, any other advisors, accountants and other experts (including advisors to, and accountants and experts engaged by, any Credit Party) and (iv) rely and act upon any document and information (including those transmitted by electronic transmission) and any telephone message or conversation, in each case believed by it to be genuine and transmitted, signed or otherwise authenticated by the appropriate parties. (b) None of Agent and its Related Persons shall be liable to any Lender for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them under or in connection with any Loan Document (x) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Section 10.1(b) or (y) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, and each Lender hereby waive and shall not assert any right, claim or cause of action based thereon, except to the extent of liabilities resulting primarily from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Agent or, as the case may be, such Related Person (each as determined in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction) in connection with the duties expressly set forth herein. Without limiting the foregoing, Agent: (i) shall not be responsible or otherwise incur liability to any Lender for any action or omission taken in reliance upon the instructions of the Required Lenders or for the actions or omissions of any of its Related Persons selected with reasonable care (other than employees, officers and directors of Agent, when acting on behalf of Agent); (ii) shall not be responsible to any Lender for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, effectiveness, genuineness, sufficiency or value of, or the attachment, perfection or priority of any Lien created or purported to be created under or in connection with, any Loan Document; (iii) makes no warranty or representation, and shall not be responsible, to any Lender for any statement, document, information, representation or warranty made or furnished by or on behalf of any Related Person or any Credit Party in connection with any Loan Document or any transaction contemplated therein or any other document or information with respect to any Credit Party, whether or not transmitted or (except for documents expressly required under any Loan Document to be transmitted to the Lenders) omitted to be transmitted by Agent, including as to completeness, accuracy, scope or adequacy thereof, or for the scope, nature or results of any due diligence performed by Agent in connection with the Loan Documents; and (iv) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any provision of any Loan Document, whether any condition set forth in any Loan Document is satisfied or waived, as to the financial condition of any Credit Party or as to the existence or continuation or possible occurrence or continuation of any Default and shall not be deemed to have notice or knowledge of such occurrence or continuation unless it has received a notice from Borrower or any Lender describing such Default clearly labeled notice of default (in which case Agent shall promptly give notice of such receipt to all Lenders); and, for each of the items set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) above, each Lender hereby waives and agrees not to assert any right, claim or cause of action it might have against Agent based thereon. 9.6 Agent Individuall y.Agent and its Affiliates may make loans and other extensions of credit to, acquire Stock of, engage in any kind of business with, any Credit Party or Affiliate thereof as though it were not acting as Agent and may receive separate fees and other payments therefor. To the extent Agent or any of its Affiliates makes any Loan or 
 49 

 otherwise becomes a Lender hereunder, it shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and shall be subject to the same obligations and liabilities as any other Lender and the terms Lender , Required Lender and any similar terms shall, except where otherwise expressly provided in any Loan Document, include, without limitation, Agent or such Affiliate, as the case may be, in its individual capacity as Lender or as one of the Required Lenders. 9.7 Protective Advances .Agent is hereby authorized by the Credit Parties and Lenders, at any time in Agent s and Co-Lead Arranger s sole discretion, regardless of (i) the existence of a Default or an Event of Default, (ii) whether any of the other applicable conditions precedent set forth in this Agreement to the making of any Term Loan have not been satisfied, or (iii) any other contrary provision of this Agreement, to make advances to Borrower on behalf of the Lenders in an amount not exceeding 10 of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then outstanding, which advances Agent, in its reasonable business judgment, deems necessary or desirable (A) to preserve or protect the Collateral, or any portion thereof, (B) to enhance the likelihood of, or maximize the amount of, repayment of the Obligations, or (C) to pay any other amount chargeable to the Credit Parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement Protective Advances ). Protective Advances shall be deemed to be Term Loans under this Agreement and entitled to all of the rights and benefits applicable to Term Loans hereunder; provided, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Protective Advances may cause the total principal amount of the Term Loans to equal up to 110 of the sum of (x) the total principal amount of the Closing Date Term Loan Commitment (as in effect immediately prior to funding the Closing Date Term Loans) and (y) the total principal amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments as in effect on the Closing Date. The Lenders shall be obligated to fund Protective Advances upon request by Agent (made with the consent of Agent and Co-Lead Arranger) and reimburse and/or otherwise effect a settlement with Agent therefor upon demand of Agent in accordance with their respective Protective Advance Percentages. To the extent any Protective Advances are not actually funded by the other Lenders as provided for herein, any such Protective Advances funded by Agent shall be deemed to be Protective Advances made by and owing to Agent, and Agent shall be entitled to all rights (including accrual of interest) and remedies of a Lender with respect to such Protective Advances. 9.8 Expenses; Indemnities . (a) Each Lender agrees to reimburse Agent and each of its Related Persons (to the extent not reimbursed by any Credit Party) promptly upon demand for such Lender s pro rata share with respect to the Loan of any costs and expenses (including fees, charges and disbursements of financial, legal and other advisors and taxes paid in the name of, or on behalf of, any Credit Party) that may be incurred by Agent or any of its Related Persons in connection with the preparation, syndication, execution, delivery, administration, modification, consent, waiver or enforcement (whether through negotiations, through any work-out, bankruptcy, restructuring or other legal or other proceeding or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of its rights or responsibilities under, any Loan Document. (b) Each Lender further agrees to indemnify Agent and each of its Related Persons (to the extent not reimbursed by any Credit Party), from and against such Lender s aggregate pro rata share with respect to the Loan of the costs, expenses, claims and liabilities (including (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender, but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so, (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 8(a) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register, and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender) that may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against Agent or any of its Related Persons in any matter relating to or arising out of, in connection with or as a result of any Loan Document, or any other act, event or transaction related, contemplated in or attendant to any such document, or, in each case, any action taken or omitted to be taken by Agent or any of its Related Persons under or with respect to any of the foregoing; provided , however , that no Lender shall be liable to Agent or any of its Related Persons to the extent such liability has resulted primarily from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Agent or, as the case may be, such Related Person, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment or order. (c) 9.9 Resignation of A gent. (a) Agent may resign at any time by delivering notice of such resignation to the Lenders and Borrower, effective on the date set forth in such notice or, if no such date is set forth therein, upon the date such notice 
 50 

 shall be effective. If Agent delivers any such notice, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Agent. If, within thirty (30) days after the retiring Agent having given notice of resignation, no successor Agent has been appointed by the Required Lenders that has accepted such appointment, then the retiring Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Agent from among the Lenders. Each appointment under this clause (a) shall be subject to the prior consent of Borrower, which may not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, but shall not be required during the continuance of an Event of Default under Section 7.1(a) , (h) or (i) . (b) Effective immediately upon its resignation, (i) the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents, (ii) the Lenders shall assume and perform all of the duties of Agent until a successor Agent shall have accepted a valid appointment hereunder, (iii) the retiring Agent and its Related Persons shall no longer have the benefit of any provision of any Loan Document other than with respect to any actions taken or omitted to be taken while such retiring Agent was, or because such Agent had been, validly acting as Agent under the Loan Documents and (iv) subject to its rights under Section 9.3 , the retiring Agent shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary to assign to the successor Agent its rights as Agent under the Loan Documents. Effective immediately upon its acceptance of a valid appointment as Agent, a successor Agent shall succeed to, and become vested with, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent under the Loan Documents. 9.10 Release of Coll ateral.Each Lender hereby consents to the release and hereby directs Agent to release (or, in the case of clause (ii) below, release or subordinate) any Lien held by Agent for the benefit of the Lenders against (i) any Collateral that is sold by a Credit Party in an Asset Sale , lease, transfer or other disposition permitted by the Loan Documents (including pursuant to a valid waiver or consent), (ii) any property subject to a Lien permitted hereunder to secure Purchase Money Obligations, (iii) any Collateral to the extent that Agent is required to release such Lien pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement in connection with the exercise by the Revolving Agent of rights and remedies against the Collateral,(iv) if the property subject to such Lien is owned by a Guarantor, upon release of such Guarantor from its obligations pursuant to a transaction permitted by Section 5 .3, and (v) all of the Collateral and all Credit Parties, upon the Termination Date. Each Lender hereby directs Agent, and Agent hereby agrees, upon receipt of reasonable advance notice from Borrower, to execute and deliver or file such documents and to perform other actions reasonably necessary to release the Liens when and as directed in this Section 9.10 . 10. MISCELLANEOUS 10.1 Complete Agreement; Modification of Agreement. (a) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the complete agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, supersede all prior agreements, commitments, understandings or inducements (oral or written, expressed or implied). Borrower and each other Credit Party executing this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall have all duties and obligations under this Agreement and such other Loan Documents from the date of its execution and delivery, regardless of whether the Loan has been funded at that time. (b) No amendment or waiver of any provision of any Loan Document and no consent to any departure by any Credit Party therefrom shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed (1) in the case of an amendment, consent or waiver to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency or granting a new Lien for the benefit of the Lenders or extending an existing Lien over additional property, by Agent and Borrower and any other Credit Party which is a party to such agreement, (2) in the case of any other waiver or consent, by the Required Lenders (or by Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and (3) in the case of any other amendment, by the Required Lenders (or by Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and Borrower and any other Credit Party which is a party to such agreement; provided , however , that no amendment, consent or waiver described in clause (2) or (3) above shall, unless in writing and signed by each Lender directly affected thereby (or by Agent with the consent of such Lender), in addition to any other Person the signature of which is otherwise required pursuant to any Loan Document, do any of the following: (i) waive any condition specified in Section 2.1 , except any condition referring to any other provision of any Loan Document; 
 51 

 (ii) increase the Closing Date Term Loan Commitment or Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of such Lender or subject such Lender to any additional material obligation; (iii) reduce (including through release, forgiveness, assignment or otherwise) (A) the principal amount of, the interest rate on, or any obligation of Borrower to repay (whether or not on a fixed date), any outstanding Loan owing to such Lender, or (B) any Fee or accrued interest payable to such Lender; (iv) waive or postpone any scheduled maturity date or other scheduled date fixed for the payment, in whole or in part, of principal of or interest on any Term Loan or Fee owing to such Lender or for the reduction of such Lender s Closing Date Term Loan Commitment or Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment; provided , however , that this clause (iv) does not apply to any change to Mandatory Prepayments, including those required under Section 1.2 , or to the application of any payment, including as set forth in Section 1.8 ; (v) except as provided in Section 9.10 , release all or substantially all of the Collateral or any Guarantor from its guarantee of any Obligation of Borrower; (vi) reduce or increase the proportion of Lenders required for the Lenders (or any subset thereof) to take any action hereunder or change the definition of the term Required Lenders (vii) amend Section 10.14 or this Section 10.1 ; (viii) enter into, amend or otherwise modify, any agreement or arrangement with another Person, the effect of which entering into, amendment or modification is to either (A) subordinate the payment of the Obligations to the payment of any indebtedness, liabilities or other obligations held by any other Person, or (B) subordinate the Lien securing the Obligations to any Lien held by any other Person as security for any indebtedness, liabilities or other obligations held by any other Person; provided, however, that this clause (viii) shall not apply to any payment subordination or Lien subordination effected in connection with the making of Protective Advances under this Agreement, that are approved by both Agent and Co-Lead Arranger, in an amount not exceeding 10 of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then outstanding; and provided , further , that (x)(A) any waiver of any payment applied pursuant to Section 1.8 to, and any modification of the application of any such payment to the Term Loan shall require the consent of the Required Lenders, and (B) any change to the definition of the term Required Lenders shall require the consent of the Required Lenders, (y) no amendment, waiver or consent shall affect the rights or duties under any Loan Document of, or any payment to, Agent (or otherwise modify any provision of Section 9 or the application thereof) unless in writing and signed by Agent in addition to any signature otherwise required and (z) the consent of Borrower shall not be required to change any order of priority set forth in Section 1.8 . (c) Each waiver or consent under any Loan Document shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which it was given. No notice to or demand on any Credit Party shall entitle any Credit Party to any notice or demand in the same, similar or other circumstances. No failure on the part of any Lender to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. 10.2 Expenses . Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse Agent and CION (but not any Assignee or Participants) for all costs and expenses (including the fees and expenses of all counsel retained in connection therewith), incurred in connection with: (a) the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery, performance and enforcement of the Loan Documents and the preservation of any rights thereunder, provided, that in the case of legal expenses incurred in connection with the initial documentation and negotiation of the Loan Documents being delivered on the Closing Date, Agent and CION shall be limited to (x) one counsel for Agent and CION taken together (except (i) in the case where one or more discrete legal issues arise during the course of the documentation process for which CION 
 52 

 reasonably finds it desirable to obtain its separate legal counsel, and/or (ii) where a conflict of interest arises between Agent and CION, in each of which cases Borrower shall be obligated to pay or reimburse the reasonable legal fees of CION in addition to those of Agent), (y) to the extent reasonably necessary, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction, and (z) such regulatory or other specialist counsel (which shall include SBA counsel to EICF) as reasonably necessary in connection with the Transactions; (b) collection, including deficiency collections; (c) any amendment, waiver or other modification with respect to any Loan Document or advice in connection with the administration of the Loan or the rights thereunder; and (d) any litigation, dispute, suit, proceeding or action (whether instituted by or between any combination of Agent, any Lender, Borrower or any other Person), and an appeal or review thereof, in any way relating to the Collateral, any Loan Document, or any action taken or any other agreements to be executed or delivered in connection therewith, whether as a party, witness or otherwise, provided however , that upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse Agent and CION (but not any Assignee or Participants) for all additional costs and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of all counsel, advisors, consultants and auditors retained in connection therewith), incurred in connection with any effort (i) to monitor the Loan, (ii) to evaluate, observe or assess Borrower or any other Credit Party or the affairs of such Person, and (iii) to verify, protect, evaluate, assess, appraise, collect, sell, liquidate or otherwise dispose of the Collateral. 10.3 No Waiver . Neither Agent s failure, at any time, to require strict performance by Borrower or any other Credit Party of any provision of any Loan Document, nor Agent s or any Lender s failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, any right, power or privilege hereunder, shall operate as a waiver thereof or waive, affect or diminish any right of Agent or any Lender thereafter to demand strict compliance and performance therewith. No single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder shall preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. Any suspension or waiver of a Default or other provision under the Loan Documents shall not suspend, waive or affect any other Default or other provision under any Loan Document, and shall not be construed as a bar to any right or remedy that Agent or any Lender would otherwise have had on any future occasion. None of the undertakings, indemnities, agreements, warranties, covenants and representations of Borrower or any other Credit Party to Agent or any Lender contained in any Loan Document and no Default by Borrower or any other Credit Party under any Loan Document shall be deemed to have been suspended or waived by Agent or any Lender, unless such waiver or suspension is by an instrument in writing signed by an officer or other authorized employee of Agent or the Lenders, as applicable, and directed to Borrower, specifying such suspension or waiver (and then such waiver shall be effective only to the extent therein expressly set forth), and neither Agent nor any Lender shall, by any act (other than execution of a formal written waiver), delay, omission or otherwise, be deemed to have waived any of its rights or remedies hereunder. 10.4 Severability; Section Titles .Wherever possible, each provision of the Loan Documents shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of any Loan Document shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of such Loan Document. Except as otherwise expressly provided for in the Loan Documents, no termination or cancellation (regardless of cause or procedure) of any financing arrangement under the Loan Documents shall in any way affect or impair the Obligations, duties, covenants, representations and warranties, indemnities, and liabilities of Borrower or any other Credit Party or the rights of Agent or any Lender relating to any unpaid Obligation, (due or not due, liquidated, contingent or unliquidated), or any transaction or event occurring prior to such termination, or any transaction or event, the performance of which is not required until after the Maturity Date, all of which shall not terminate or expire, but rather shall survive such termination or cancellation and shall continue in full force and effect until the Termination Date; provided , that all indemnity obligations of the Credit Parties under the Loan Documents shall survive the Termination Date. The Section titles contained in any Loan Document are and shall be without substantive meaning or content of any kind whatsoever and are not a part of the agreement between parties hereto. 10.5 Authorized Signature .Until Agent shall be notified in writing by Borrower or any other Credit Party to the contrary, the signature upon any document or instrument delivered pursuant hereto and believed by Agent or any of Agent s officers, agents, or employees to be that of an officer of Borrower or such other Credit Party shall bind Borrower and such other Credit Party and be deemed to be the act of Borrower or such other Credit Party affixed pursuant to and in accordance with resolutions duly adopted by Borrower s or such other Credit Party s Board of Directors, and Agent shall be entitled to assume the authority of each signature and authority of the Person whose signature it is or appears to be unless the Person acting in reliance thereon shall have actual knowledge to the contrary. 
 53 

 10.6 Notices Except as otherwise provided herein, whenever any notice, demand, request or other communication shall or may be given to or served upon any party by any other party, or whenever any party desires to give or serve upon any other party any communication with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, each communication shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been validly served, given or delivered (a) upon the earlier of actual receipt and three (3) Business Days after deposit in the United States Mail, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, with proper postage prepaid, (b) upon transmission, when sent by telecopy or other similar facsimile transmission (with such telecopy or facsimile promptly confirmed by delivery of a copy by personal delivery or United States Mail as otherwise provided in this Section 1 0.6), (c) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a reputable overnight courier with all charges prepaid or (d) when hand-delivered, all of which shall be addressed to the party to be notified and sent to the address or facsimile number indicated in Schedule C or to such other address (or facsimile number) as may be substituted by notice given as herein provided. Failure or delay in delivering copies of any such communication to any Person (other than Borrower, any other Credit Party, Agent or any Lender) designated in Schedule C to receive copies shall in no way adversely affect the effectiveness of such communication. 10.7 Counterparts .Any Loan Document may be authenticated in any number of separate counterparts by any one or more of the parties thereto, and all of said counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any Loan Document may be authenticated by manual signature, facsimile or, if approved in writing by Agent, electronic means, all of which shall be equally valid. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents including any Assignment Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or electronic records, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. 10.8 Time of the Essence .Time is of the essence for performance of the Obligations under the Loan Documents. 10.9 GOVERNING LAW .THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND THE OBLIGATIONS ARISING UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES THEREOF REGARDING CONFLICTS OF LAWS OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATION LAWS OF NEW YORK. 10.10 SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . (a) BORROWER AND EACH OTHER CREDIT PARTY EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY CONSENT AND AGREE THAT THE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN NEW YORK COUNTY, NEW YORK, SHALL HAVE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION TO HEAR AND DETERMINE ANY CLAIMS OR DISPUTES BETWEEN BORROWER AND SUCH CREDIT PARTY AND ANY LENDER PERTAINING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR TO ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS; PROVIDED , THAT THE LENDERS, BORROWER AND EACH CREDIT PARTY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY APPEALS FROM THOSE COURTS MAY HAVE TO BE HEARD BY A COURT LOCATED OUTSIDE OF NEW YORK COUNTY, NEW YORK; AND FURTHER PROVIDED , THAT NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED OR OPERATE TO PRECLUDE ANY LENDER FROM BRINGING SUIT OR TAKING OTHER LEGAL ACTION IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION TO COLLECT THE OBLIGATIONS, TO REALIZE ON THE COLLATERAL OR ANY OTHER SECURITY FOR THE OBLIGATIONS, OR TO ENFORCE A JUDGMENT OR OTHER COURT ORDER IN FAVOR OF SUCH LENDER. BORROWER AND EACH OTHER CREDIT PARTY EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT EXPRESSLY SUBMIT AND CONSENT IN ADVANCE TO SUCH NEW YORK JURISDICTION IN ANY ACTION OR SUIT COMMENCED IN ANY SUCH NEW YORK COURT, AND BORROWER AND SUCH CREDIT PARTY HEREBY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY HAVE BASED UPON LACK OF PERSONAL JURISDICTION, IMPROPER VENUE OR FORUM NON CONVENIENS IN ANY ACTION OR SUIT COMMENCED IN ANY SUCH NEW YORK COURTS. BORROWER AND EACH OTHER CREDIT PARTY EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY WAIVE PERSONAL SERVICE OF THE SUMMONS, COMPLAINT AND OTHER PROCESS ISSUED IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR SUIT AND AGREE THAT SERVICE OF 
 54 

 SUCH SUMMONS, COMPLAINT AND OTHER PROCESS MAY BE MADE BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL ADDRESSED TO BORROWER OR SUCH CREDIT PARTY AT THE ADDRESS SET FORTH IN SCHEDULE C OF THIS AGREEMENT OR SUCH OTHER ADDRESS AS MAY BE SUBSTITUTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 10.5 AND THAT SERVICE SO MADE SHALL BE DEEMED COMPLETED UPON THE EARLIER OF BORROWER S OR SUCH CREDIT PARTY S ACTUAL RECEIPT THEREOF OR THREE (3) DAYS AFTER DEPOSIT IN THE UNITED STATES MAIL, PROPER POSTAGE PREPAID. (b) THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE BETWEEN ANY LENDER, BORROWER AND ANY CREDIT PARTY ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH, RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED BETWEEN THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO. 10.11 Press Releases .Neither any Credit Party nor any of its Affiliates will in the future issue any press release or other public disclosure using the name of Energy Impact Credit Fund I LP or its Affiliates or referring to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents without at least two (2) Business Days prior notice to Agent and without the prior written consent of Agent unless (and only to the extent that) such Credit Party or Affiliate is required to do so under law and then, in any event, such Credit Party or Affiliate will consult with Agent before issuing such press release or other public disclosure. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 1 0.11, any Credit Party may make such public disclosures referring to Energy Impact Credit Fund I LP or its Affiliates in connection with and with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents in connection with all regular and periodic reports (including without limitation any Form 8-Ks) and all registration statements and prospectuses, if any, filed by any Credit Party with any securities exchange or with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any governmental or private regulatory authority. The Borrower hereby authorizes Agent and each Lender to make mention of Agent s and such Lender s participation in this transaction in its marketing, sales materials, printed media, tombstones or web-based material with Borrower s prior written consent (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 10.12 Reinstatement .This Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment of all or any part of the Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be returned or restored by Agent or the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of Borrower or any other Credit Party, or otherwise, all as though such payments had not been made. 10.13 USA PATRIOT Act Notice and Customer Verification .Each Lender that is subject to the USA PATRIOT Act and the Agent (for itself and not on behalf of such Lender) hereby notify Borrower that pursuant to the know your customer regulations and the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, they are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Credit Party, which information includes the name, address and tax identification number (and other identifying information in the event this information is insufficient to complete verification) that will allow such Lender or Agent, as applicable, to verify the identity of each Credit Party. This information must be delivered to such Lender and Agent no later than five days prior to the Closing Date and thereafter promptly upon request. This notice is given in accordance with the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act and is effective as to the Lenders and the Agent. 10.14 Sharing of Payments, Etc .If any Lender, directly or through an Affiliate or branch office thereof, obtains any payment of any Obligation of any Credit Party (whether voluntary, involuntary or through the exercise of any right of setoff or the receipt of any Collateral or proceeds (as defined under the Code or the PPSA, as applicable) of Collateral) other than pursuant to Section 1.14 and such payment exceeds the amount such Lender would have been entitled to receive if all payments had gone to, and been distributed by, Agent in accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents, such Lender shall purchase for cash from other Lenders such participations in their Obligations as necessary for such Lender to share such excess payment with such Lenders to ensure such payment is applied as though it had been received by Agent and applied in accordance with this Agreement (or, if such application would then be at the discretion of Borrower, applied to repay the Obligations in accordance herewith); provided , however , that (a) if such payment is rescinded or otherwise recovered from such Lender in whole or in part, such purchase shall be rescinded and the purchase price therefor shall be returned to such Lender without interest and (b) such Lender 
 55 

 shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, be able to exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of setoff) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of Borrower in the amount of such participation. 10.15 Intercreditor Agreement .Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Lien and security interest granted to Agent pursuant to this Agreement and the exercise of any right or remedy by Agent on behalf of the Lenders hereunder are subject to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control. 10.16 Confidentiality Agreements .With respect to any confidentiality agreements between the Parties, notwithstanding any requirements or obligations of Agent to destroy or return documentation or proprietary information related to the Credit Parties, Agent will retain copies of any such documentation or information necessary to comply with the Investment Company Act of 1940 or other applicable laws. 10.17 Effect of Benchmark Transition Event . (A) Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Borrower so long as the Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 10.17 will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. (B) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. (C) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations . Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Agent shall notify the Borrower of (x) if any tenor of a Benchmark is not being used pursuant to Section 10.17(D) and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by Agent or Lenders pursuant to this Section 10.17, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 10.17. (D) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Agent may elect to use another interest period for such Benchmark that is being published and is representative for any Benchmark settings at or after such time and to not use the unavailable or non-representative tenor or interest period and (ii) if a tenor that was not used pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Agent may again use such tenor or interest period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 56 

 (E) Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Loans under this Agreement will be deemed to have converted into Base Rate Loans during the Benchmark Unavailability Period. 10.18 CION as Co-Lead A rranger. CION shall be a co-lead arranger of the facilities and commitments made available under this Agreement; provided, that this role shall not entitle CION to take any actions in such capacity except with the express prior written consent of Agent. 10.19 Judgment Currency . (a) If, for the purpose of (a) obtaining or enforcing judgment against any Credit Party in any court in any jurisdiction, it becomes necessary to convert into any other currency (such other currency being hereinafter in this Section 10.19 referred to as the Judgment Currency an amount due under any Loan Document in any currency (the Obligation Currency other than the Judgment Currency, the conversion shall be made at the rate of exchange prevailing on the Business Day immediately preceding the date of actual payment of the amount due, in the courts of any other jurisdiction that will give effect to such conversion being made on such date, or the date on which the judgment is given, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of any other jurisdiction (the applicable date as of which such conversion is made pursuant to this Section 10.19 being hereinafter in this Section 10.19 referred to as the Judgment Conversion Date ). (b) If, in the case of any proceeding in the court of any jurisdiction referred to in Section 10.19(a) there is a change in the rate of exchange prevailing between the Judgment Conversion Date and the date of actual receipt for value of the amount due, the applicable Credit Party or Credit Parties shall pay or be entitled to receive reimbursement of such additional amount (if any, but in any event not a lesser amount) as may be necessary to ensure that the amount actually received in the Judgment Currency, when converted at the rate of exchange prevailing on the date of payment, will produce the amount of the Obligation Currency which could have been purchased with the amount of the Judgment Currency stipulated in the judgment or judicial order at the rate of exchange prevailing on the Judgment Conversion Date. Any amount due from any Credit Party under this Section 10.19(b) shall be due as a separate debt and shall not be affected by judgment being obtained for any other amounts due under or in respect of any of the Loan Documents. (c) The term rate of exchange in this Section 10.19 means the rate of exchange at which Agent, on the relevant date at or about 12:00 noon (New York time), would be prepared to sell, in accordance with Agent s normal course foreign currency exchange practices, the Obligation Currency against the Judgment Currency. 11. GUARANTEE 11.1 The Guarantee. The Guarantors that are not Canadian Credit Parties (the Non-Canadian Guarantors hereby jointly and severally guarantee, as a primary obligor and not as a surety to Agent and the Lenders and their respective successors and assigns, the prompt payment in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, demand, by acceleration or otherwise) of the principal of and interest on (including any interest, fees, costs or charges that would accrue but for the provisions of the Title 11 of the United States Code (or under the comparable provisions of any other Debtor Relief Law) after any bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed under Title 11 of the United States Code whether or not any such interest, fees, costs or charges are allowed in any proceeding thereunder) the Loan made by the Lenders to, and the Notes held by each Lender of, Borrower, and all other Obligations from time to time owing to Agent and the Lenders by any other Credit Party under any Loan Document (such obligations being herein collectively called the Guaranteed Obligations ). The Non-Canadian Guarantors hereby jointly and severally agree that if Borrower or other Non-Canadian Guarantor(s) shall fail to pay in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the Guarantors will promptly pay the same in cash, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal. 11.2 Obligations Unconditional . The obligations of the Non-Canadian Guarantors under Section 11.1 shall constitute a guarantee of payment and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, are absolute, 
 57 

 irrevocable and unconditional, joint and several, irrespective of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations of Borrower under this Agreement, the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or any substitution, release or exchange of any other guarantee of or security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations, and, irrespective of any other circumstance whatsoever that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or Non-Canadian Guarantor (except for payment in full). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is agreed that the occurrence of any one or more of the following shall not alter or impair the liability of the Non-Canadian Guarantors hereunder which shall remain absolute, irrevocable and unconditional under any and all circumstances as described above: (a) at any time or from time to time, without notice to the Non-Canadian Guarantors, the time for any performance of or compliance with any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be extended, or such performance or compliance shall be waived; (b) any of the acts mentioned in any of the provisions of this Agreement or the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein shall be done or omitted; (c) the maturity of any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be accelerated, or any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be amended in any respect, or any right under the Loan Documents or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein shall be amended or waived in any respect or any other guarantee of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security therefor shall be released or exchanged in whole or in part or otherwise dealt with; (d) any Lien or security interest granted to, or in favor of any Lender or Agent as security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall fail to be perfected; or (e) the release of any other Non-Canadian Guarantor pursuant to Section 11.9 . The Non-Canadian Guarantors hereby expressly waive diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever, and any requirement that Agent or any Lender exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against Borrower under this Agreement or the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or against any other person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of the Guaranteed Obligations. The Non-Canadian Guarantors waive any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension, waiver, termination or accrual of any of the Guaranteed Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance by Agent or any Lender upon this Guarantee or acceptance of this Guarantee, and the Guaranteed Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have been created, contracted or incurred in reliance upon this Guarantee, and all dealings between Borrower and Agent or any Lender shall likewise be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon this Guarantee. This Guarantee shall be construed as a continuing, absolute, irrevocable and unconditional guarantee of payment without regard to any right of offset with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations at any time or from time to time held by Agent or any Lender, and the obligations and liabilities of the Non-Canadian Guarantors hereunder shall not be conditioned or contingent upon the pursuit by Agent or any Lender or any other person at any time of any right or remedy against Borrower or against any other person which may be or become liable in respect of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or against any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto. This Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect and be binding in accordance with and to the extent of its terms upon the Non-Canadian Guarantors and the successors and assigns thereof, until payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations and shall inure to the benefit of Agent and the Lenders, and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 11.3 Reinstatement . The obligations of the Non-Canadian Guarantors under this Article XI shall be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that for any reason any payment by or on behalf of Borrower or other Credit Party in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must be otherwise restored by any holder of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether as a result of any proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization or otherwise. 11.4 Subrogation; Subordination . Each Non-Canadian Guarantor hereby agrees that until the indefeasible payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all Guaranteed Obligations it shall waive any claim and shall not exercise any right or remedy, direct or indirect, arising by reason of any performance by it of its guarantee in Section 11.1 , whether by subrogation or otherwise, against Borrower or any other Non-Canadian Guarantor of any of the 
 58 

 Guaranteed Obligations or any security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations. Any Indebtedness of any Credit Party permitted pursuant to Section 5.1(d) shall be subordinated to such Credit Party s Obligations in the manner set forth in the Intercompany Note evidencing such Indebtedness. 11.5 Remedies . The Non-Canadian Guarantors jointly and severally agree that, as between the Non-Canadian Guarantors and the Lenders, the obligations of Borrower under this Agreement and the Notes, if any, may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in Section 7.2 (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances provided in Section 7.2 for purposes of Section 11.1 , notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or such obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as against Borrower and that, in the event of such declaration (or such obligations being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), such obligations (whether or not due and payable by Borrower) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Non-Canadian Guarantors for purposes of Section 1 1.1. 11.6 Instrument for the Payment of Money . Each Non-Canadian Guarantor hereby acknowledges that the guarantee in this Article XI constitutes an instrument for the payment of money, and consents and agrees that any Lender or Agent, at its sole option, in the event of a dispute by such Non-Canadian Guarantor in the payment of any moneys due hereunder, shall have the right to bring a motion-action under New York CPLR Section 3213. 11.7 Continuing Guarantee . The guarantee in this Article XI is a continuing guarantee of payment, and shall apply to all Guaranteed Obligations whenever arising. 11.8 General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations . In any action or proceeding involving any applicable corporate, limited partnership or limited liability company law, or any applicable Debtor Relief Law, if the obligations of any Non-Canadian Guarantor under Section 11.1 would otherwise be held or determined to be void, voidable, invalid or unenforceable, or subordinated to the claims of any other creditors, on account of the amount of its liability under Section 11.1 , then, notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, the amount of such liability shall, without any further action by such Non-Canadian Guarantor, any Credit Party or any other person, be automatically limited and reduced to the highest amount (after giving effect to the right of contribution established in Section 1 1.10) that is valid and enforceable and not subordinated to the claims of other creditors as determined in such action or proceeding. 11.9 Release of Guarantors . If, in compliance with the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents, all or substantially all of the Equity Interests of any Non-Canadian Guarantor are sold or otherwise transferred (a Transferred Guarantor to a person or persons, none of which is Borrower or a Subsidiary, such Transferred Guarantor shall, upon the consummation of such sale or transfer, be automatically released from its obligations under this Agreement (including under Section 10.2 hereof) and its obligations to pledge and grant any Collateral owned by it pursuant to any Loan Document and the pledge of such Equity Interests to Agent pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be automatically released, and, so long as Borrower shall have provided Agent such certifications or documents as Agent shall reasonably request, Agent shall take such actions as are necessary to effect each release described in this Section 11.9 in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Loan Documents, so long as Borrower shall have provided Agent such certifications or documents as Agent shall reasonably request in order to demonstrate compliance with this Agreement. 11.10 Right of Contribution . Each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby agrees that to the extent that a Subsidiary Guarantor shall have paid more than its proportionate share of any payment made hereunder, such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution from and against any other Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder which has not paid its proportionate share of such payment. Each Subsidiary Guarantor s right of contribution shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 1 1.4. The provisions of this Section 11.10 shall in no respect limit the obligations and liabilities of any Subsidiary Guarantor to Agent and the Lenders, and each Subsidiary Guarantor shall remain liable to Agent and the Lenders for the full amount guaranteed by such Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder. [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank, Next Page is Signature Page] 
 59 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement has been duly executed as of the date first written above. WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. , as Borrower and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP, L.L.C. , as Borrower and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES, LLC , as Borrower and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 WILLIAMS SPECIALTY SERVICES, LLC , as Borrower and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 WILLIAMS PLANT SERVICES, LLC , as Borrower and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 WILLIAMS GLOBAL SERVICES, INC. , as Borrower and Grantor By: Name: Title: CONSTRUCTION MAINTENANCE 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

PROFESSIONALS, LLC , as Borrower and Grantor By: Name: Title: 

GLOBAL POWER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES INC. , as Guarantor and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 GPEG, LLC , as Guarantor and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 STEAM ENTERPRISES LLC , as Guarantor and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 WISG CANADA LTD. , as Guarantor and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 WISG NUCLEAR LTD. , as Guarantor and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 WISG ELECTRICAL LTD. , as Guarantor and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

EICF AGENT LLC , as Agent for the Lenders By: Name: Title: 
 ENERGY IMPACT CREDIT FUND I LP , as a Lender By: Energy Impact Credit Fund I GP LLC, its general partner By: Name: Title: 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

CION INVESTMENT CORPORATION , as a Lender By: Name: Title: 
 MURRAY HILL FUNDING II, LLC , as a Lender By: Name: Title: 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

CROWDOUT CAPITAL LLC , as a Lender By: Name: Title: 
 CROWDOUT CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND LLC , as a Lender By: Name: Title: 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

SCHEDULE A DEFINITIONS Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall have (unless otherwise provided elsewhere in this Agreement or in the other Loan Documents) the following respective meanings: Acquisition Consideration shall mean the purchase consideration for any Permitted Acquisition and all other payments by any Credit Party in exchange for, or as part of, or in connection with, any Permitted Acquisition, whether paid in cash or by exchange of Equity Interests or of properties or otherwise and whether payable at or prior to the consummation of such Permitted Acquisition or deferred for payment at any future time, whether or not any such future payment is subject to the occurrence of any contingency, and includes any and all payments representing the purchase price and any assumptions of Indebtedness, earn-outs and other agreements to make any payment the amount of which is, or the terms of payment of which are, in any respect subject to or contingent upon the revenues, income, cash flow or profits (or the like) of any Person or business; provided that any such future payment that is subject to a contingency shall be considered Acquisition Consideration only to the extent of the reserve, if any, required under GAAP at the time of such sale to be established in respect thereof by any Credit Party. Act means the Small Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended and in effect from time to time, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Activation Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 3 .26(e). Adjusted Term SOFR shall mean, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment; provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than 1.0 , then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be 1.0 . Advances shall mean one or more Advances (as defined in the Revolving Loan Agreement) made by the lenders under the Revolving Loan Agreement, pursuant to the terms of the Revolving Loan Agreement, in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time not exceeding the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount (as defined in the Revolving Loan Agreement). Affected Lender has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.14(a) . Affiliate means, with respect to any Person: (i) each other Person that, directly or indirectly, owns or controls, whether beneficially, or as a trustee, guardian or other fiduciary, ten percent (10 or more of the Stock having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or (ii) each other Person that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person or any Affiliate of such Person. For the purpose of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of its management or policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. Agent means the Person identified as such in the preamble of this Agreement. Agreement means this Agreement including all appendices, exhibits or schedules attached or otherwise identified thereto, restatements and modifications and supplements thereto, and any appendices, exhibits or schedules to any of the foregoing, each as in effect at the time such reference becomes operative; provided , that except as specifically set forth in this Agreement, any reference to the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement shall be deemed a reference to the Disclosure Schedules as in effect on the Closing Date or in a written amendment thereto delivered by Borrower to Agent. Anti-Money Laundering Laws has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Anti-Money Laundering Measures has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Anti-Terrorism Laws has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . 
 S CHEDULE A - 1 

 Applicable Margin for any of the Term Loans, as of the Closing Date unless and until adjusted in accordance with the below from and after January 1, 2023 , shall be equal to 9.0 11.0 per annum. Thereafter on a quarterly basis, effective as of the first Business Day of the Fiscal Quarter following receipt by Agent of the Compliance Certificate and Credit Parties quarterly financial statements required to be delivered under this Agreement for the previous Fiscal Quarter (each day of such delivery, a Delivery Date commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31, 2021, the Applicable Margin for the Term Loans shall be adjusted, if necessary, to the applicable percent per annum set forth in the pricing table set forth below corresponding to the Total Leverage Ratio for the trailing twelve (12) Fiscal Month period ending on the last day of the most recently completed Fiscal Quarter prior to the applicable Delivery Date (each such period, a Calculation P eriod ): TOTAL LEVERAGE RATIO 

 APPLICABLE MARGIN 

 Greater than or equal to 2.50:1.00 

 9.0 

 Less than 2.50:1.00 

 8.50 

If Credit Parties shall fail to timely deliver the Compliance Certificate, financial statements, certificates and/or other information required under this Agreement, the Applicable Margin shall be conclusively presumed to equal the highest Applicable Margin specified in the pricing table set forth above for the period commencing on the required delivery date of such financial statements, certificates and/or other information until the delivery thereof. In the event that (a) any financial statement delivered pursuant to Section 4.1 or Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to this Agreement is shown to be inaccurate and (b) such inaccuracy if corrected, would have led to the application of a higher Applicable Margin for any period (an Applicable Period than the Applicable Margin applied for such Applicable Period, then (i) Borrower shall promptly (but in any event within three (3) Business Days after such inaccuracy has been shown) deliver to Agent a corrected Compliance Certificate for such Applicable Period, (ii) the Applicable Margin for such Applicable Period shall be the Applicable Margin corresponding to the information disclosed on the corrected Compliance Certificate, and (iii) Borrower shall immediately pay to Agent the accrued additional interest owing as a result of the application of such increased Applicable Margin for such Applicable Period, which payment shall be promptly applied by Agent. In the event that (c) any financial statement delivered pursuant to Section 4.1 or Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to this Agreement is shown to be inaccurate and (d) such inaccuracy if corrected, would have led to the application of a lower Applicable Margin for any Applicable Period than the Applicable Margin applied for such Applicable Period, then (I) Borrower shall promptly (but in any event within three (3) Business Days after such inaccuracy has been shown) deliver to Agent a corrected Compliance Certificate for such Applicable Period, (II) the Applicable Margin for such Applicable Period shall be the Applicable Margin corresponding to the information disclosed on the corrected Compliance Certificate, and (III) Borrower shall receive a credit toward any future interest payments in an amount equal to the excess interest paid by Borrower as a result of the application of such lower Applicable Margin provided that the corrected Compliance Certificate is delivered to Agent within sixty (60) days of the date originally due under Section 4.1 and after such sixty (60) day period, no credit shall be given. The rights of Agent set forth above shall survive the Termination Date and are in addition to rights of Agent and Lenders under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. Asset Sale shall mean (a) any conveyance, sale, lease, sublease, assignment, transfer or other disposition (including by way of merger, amalgamation or consolidation and including any sale and leaseback transaction) of any property excluding sales of inventory and dispositions of cash and cash equivalents, in each case, in the ordinary course of business, by any Credit Party and (b) any issuance or sale of any Equity Interests of any Credit Party, in each case, to any Person other than (i) Borrower, (ii) any other Credit Party or (iii) other than for purposes of Section 5.4 , any other Subsidiary. Assignee has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(a) . Assignment Agreement has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(a) . 
 S CHEDULE A - 2 

 Attributable Indebtedness shall mean, when used with respect to any sale and leaseback transaction, as at the time of determination, the present value (discounted at a rate equivalent to the applicable Borrower s then-current weighted average cost of funds for borrowed money as at the time of determination, compounded on a semi-annual basis) of the total obligations of the lessee for rental payments during the remaining term of the lease included in any such sale and leaseback transaction. Available Tenor shall mean, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor or interest period for such Benchmark that is not being used pursuant to Section 10.17(D). As of the date of this Agreement, the only Available Tenors are (a) for SOFR Loans, Adjusted Term SOFR based on Term SOFR with an interest period of 3 months, and (b) for Base Rate Loans under clause (d) of the definition of Base Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR for based on Term SOFR with an interest period of 1 month; provided, that Agent may select to use additional interest periods in accordance with the terms of Section 10.17(D) and such interest periods shall become Available Tenors upon such selection. Base Rate means, as of any date of determination, a variable rate of interest per annum equal to the highest of (a) two percent (2 ), (b) the Prime Rate as published by the Wall Street Journal as of such date of determination (or, if such rate ceases to be so published, as quoted from such other generally available and recognizable source as Agent may reasonably select), (c) the sum of (i) the Federal Funds Rate plus (ii) one-half of one percent (0.50 ), and (d) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such day plus 1.00 . Base Rate Loans means Loans bearing interest at rates determined by reference to the Base Rate. Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 10.17. Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of: (x) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (1) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (2) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (y) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than 1.00 per annum, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be 1.00 per annum for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (x) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (y) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar- denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the 
 S CHEDULE A - 3 

 later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Start Date means in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (1) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (2) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). Benchmark Unavailability Period means, the period, if any, (x) beginning at the time that such Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 10.17 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document pursuant to Section 10.17. Blocked Accounts has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.26(a) . 
 S CHEDULE A - 4 

 Board of Directors means, with respect to any Person, (i) in the case of any corporation or unlimited liability corporation, the board of directors of such Person, (ii) in the case of any limited liability company, the sole member or manager or the board of managers of such Person, (iii) in the case of any partnership, the board of directors or the board of managers, as applicable, of the general partner of such Person and (iv) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. Books and Records means all books, records, board minutes, contracts, licenses, insurance policies, environmental audits, business plans, files, computer files, computer discs and other data and software storage and media devices, accounting books and records, financial statements (actual and pro forma), filings with Governmental Authorities and any and all records and instruments relating to the Collateral or each Grantor s business. Borrower means the Persons identified as such in the preamble of this Agreement. Borrowing Availability means the amounts available to be borrowed under Section 2.1(a) of the Revolving Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof without giving effect to any amendments or modifications thereto after the date hereof. Borrowing Base Certificate (and the definitions used in such term) shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Revolving Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof without giving effect to any amendments or modifications thereto after the date hereof, except to the extent permitted by the Intercreditor Agreement. Braden shall mean Braden Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Braden Mexico shall mean Braden Manufacturing SA de CV, a company formed under the laws of Mexico. BSA has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banks are required or permitted to be closed in the State of New York. Canadian Credit Party means WISG Canada, WISG Nuclear, WISG Electrical and each other Credit Party joined hereto from time to time who is formed or organized under the laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof. Canadian AML/Sanction Laws means Parts II.1, XII.2 and s. 354 of the Criminal Code (Canada), the Special Economic Measures Act (Canada), the United Nations Act (Canada), the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada), the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada), the Freezing Assets of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act (Canada), and the Justice for Victims of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act (Sergei Magnitsky Law) (Canada), in each case including all regulations promulgated thereunder and as amended from time to time. Canadian Insolvency Laws means any of the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), the Companies Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada), the Winding-up and Restructuring Act (Canada), and any other applicable insolvency or other similar law of Canada or any province or territory thereof relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, assignments for the benefit of creditors, formal or informal moratoria, compositions, compromises or extensions generally with creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, recapitalization, arrangement, dissolution, liquidation, winding-up or other similar relief (including, without limitation, the Canadian corporate statutes when relied upon in connection with any of the foregoing, unless the reorganization or arrangement does not compromise the claims of creditors). Canadian Pension Plan means each plan, program or arrangement that is a registered pension plan as such term is defined under subsection 248(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada) or is subject to the funding requirements of applicable pension benefits legislation in any Canadian jurisdiction which is maintained, sponsored, administered or contributed to by a Credit Party or Subsidiary thereof. Capital Assets means, with respect to any Person, all equipment, fixed assets and Real Property or improvements of such Person, or replacements or substitutions therefor or additions thereto, that, in accordance with GAAP, have been or should be reflected as additions to property, plant or equipment on the balance sheet of such Person. 
 S CHEDULE A - 5 

 Capital Expenditures means, with respect to any Person, all expenditures made directly or indirectly by the Credit Parties during such period for Capital Assets (whether paid in cash or other consideration, financed by the incurrence of Indebtedness or accrued as a liability). Capital Lease means, with respect to any Person, any lease of any property (whether real, personal or mixed) by such Person as lessee that, in accordance with GAAP, either would be required to be classified and accounted for as a capital lease on a balance sheet of such Person or otherwise would be disclosed as such in a note to such balance sheet, other than, in the case of Borrower, any such lease under which Borrower is the lessor; provided, no effect shall be given to any change to GAAP occurring after the Closing Date as a result of the adoption of any proposals set forth in the Proposed Accounting Standards Update, Leases (Topic 840), issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board on August 17, 2010, or any other proposals issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in connection therewith, in each case if such change would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) was not required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date. Capital Lease Obligation means, of any Person, the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as Capital Leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP, without giving effect to any change to GAAP as a result of the adoption of any proposals set forth in the Proposed Accounting Standards Update, Leases (Topic 840), issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board on August 17, 2010, or any other proposals issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in connection therewith, in each case if such change would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) was not required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date. Capital Provision Agreement means, collectively, (a) that certain Capital Provision Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2020, by and between Holdings and the capital providers thereunder identified on Disclosure Schedule (2) hereof (the Capital Providers ), pursuant to which the Capital Providers have agreed to extend financing to the Borrower for certain legal proceedings described on Disclosure Schedule (2) hereto (the Arbitration Proceeding and (b) that certain Security Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2020, by and between Holdings, as grantor and the Capital Providers, as secured parties, as each such agreement may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Capital Provision Documents means the Capital Provision Agreement and each agreement, document or instrument entered into between Holdings and the Capital Providers in connection with the foregoing. Captive Insurance Subsidiary means a wholly-owned Subsidiary of a Credit Party formed after the Closing Date that (a) provides bona fide risk-mitigation services for any Credit Party or the Credit Parties (and no other Persons), (b) is subject to regulation under applicable law as an insurance company, and (c) has been formed, and continues to be operated, because the Credit Parties have reasonably determined that either (1) the Credit Parties cannot find a third-party insurer to insure them against particular business risks that the insurance subsidiary provides insurance for, (2) the premiums paid to the insurance subsidiary result in material tax savings for the Credit Parties (taken on a consolidated basis), and/or (3) the insurance provided by the insurance subsidiary is more affordable, and/or offers better coverage (taken as a whole), than is available from a third-party insurer. Cash Equivalents means (a) any readily-marketable securities (i) issued by, or directly, unconditionally and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States or Canadian federal government or (ii) issued by any agency of the United States or Canadian federal government the obligations of which are fully backed by the full faith and credit of the United States or Canadian federal government, (b) any readily-marketable direct obligations issued by any other agency of the United States or Canadian federal government, any state of the United States, any province or territory of Canada, or any political subdivision of any such state, province or territory or any public instrumentality thereof, in each case having a rating of at least A-1 from S P or at least P-1 from Moody s, (c) any commercial paper rated at least A-1 by S P or P-1 by Moody s and issued by any Person organized under the laws of any state of the United States or under the laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof, (d) any Dollar-denominated or Canadian Dollar-denominated time deposit, insured certificate of deposit, overnight bank deposit or bankers 
 S CHEDULE A - 6 

 acceptance issued or accepted by (i) any Lender or (ii) any commercial bank that is (A) organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, or under the laws of Canada, (B) adequately capitalized (as defined in the regulations of its primary federal banking regulators) and (C) has Tier 1 capital (as defined in such regulations) in excess of 250,000,000 and (e) shares of any United States or Canadian money market fund that (i) has substantially all of its assets invested continuously in the types of investments referred to in clause a), b), (c) or (d) above with maturities as set forth in the proviso below, (ii) has net assets in excess of 500,000,000 and (iii) has obtained from either S P or Moody s the highest rating obtainable for money market funds in the United States or Canada; provided , however , that the maturities of all obligations specified in any of clauses a), b), (c) or (d) above shall not exceed 365 days. Cash Management System has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.26(a) . Casualty Event shall mean any involuntary loss of title or ownership, any involuntary loss of, damage to or any destruction of, or any condemnation or other taking (including by any Governmental Authority) of, any property of a Credit Party. Casualty Event shall include but not be limited to any taking of all or any part of any Real Property of any Person or any part thereof, in or by condemnation or other eminent domain proceedings pursuant to any Requirement of Law, or by reason of the temporary requisition of the use or occupancy of all or any part of any Real Property of any Person or any part thereof by any Governmental Authority, civil or military, or any settlement in lieu thereof. Change of Control means any event, transaction or occurrence as a result of which: (a) any Person or group (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) (i) shall have acquired beneficial ownership of 35 or more on a fully diluted basis of the voting and/or economic interest in the Equity Interests of Holdings or (ii) shall have obtained the power (whether or not exercised) to elect a majority of the members of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of Holdings; (b) the majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors (or similar governing body) of Holdings cease to be occupied by Persons who either (i) were members of the board of directors of Holdings on the Closing Date, or (ii) were nominated for election by the board of directors of Holdings, a majority of whom were directors on the Closing Date or whose election or nomination for election was previously approved by a majority of such directors; (c) except with respect to Braden, Braden Mexico and any Inactive Subsidiary, in each case, to the extent permitted by this Agreement, the Borrower fails to own 100 (on a fully diluted basis) of the voting and economic interests of the Equity Interests of its Subsidiaries; or (d) a Change of Control or term of similar import shall occur under the Revolving Loan Agreement. Charges means all federal, state, provincial, territorial, county, city, municipal, local, foreign or other governmental taxes (including taxes owed to PBGC at the time due and payable), levies, customs or other duties, assessments, charges, liens, additional charges, interest, penalties, expenses, claims or encumbrances assessed or imposed by any Governmental Authority upon or relating to (i) the Collateral, (ii) the Obligations, (iii) the employees, payroll, income or gross receipts of any Credit Party, (iv) the ownership or use of any assets by any Credit Party, or (v) any other aspect of any Credit Party s business. Chubb Proceedings means the legal proceedings filed in October, 2020 against Chubb Group of Insurance Companies alleging the failure of Chubb to provide required insurance coverage for the payment of costs and expenses incurred by Holdings in connection with certain shareholder litigation and the prior restatement of its financial statements. Chief Executive Office means the chief executive office of any Credit Party as set forth on Disclosure Schedule 3.2 hereto. Closing Certificate means that certain closing certificate of Borrower delivered to Agent as of the Closing Date in substantially the form of Exhibit F. 
 S CHEDULE A - 7 

 Closing Date means the Business Day on which the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2 have been satisfied or specifically waived in writing by Agent and the Term Loan has been made. Closing Date Term Loan Commitment means the commitment of each Lender under this Agreement to make or otherwise fund its portion of the Closing Date Term Loan as set forth on Schedule B attached hereto. The aggregate amount of the Closing Date Term Loan Commitments as of the Closing Date is 35,000,000. Code means the Uniform Commercial Code as the same may, from time to time, be in effect in the State of New York; provided, that in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the attachment, perfection or priority of, or remedies with respect to, Agent s Lien on any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, the term Code shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions of this Agreement relating to such attachment, perfection, priority or remedies and for purposes of definitions related to such provisions; provided further , that to the extent that the Code is used to define any term herein or in any Loan Document and such term is defined differently in different Articles or Divisions of the Code, the definition of such term contained in Article or Division 9 shall govern. Collateral has the meaning assigned to it in Section 6.1 . Collateral Documents means, collectively, the Pledge Agreements, the Mortgages, each Control Agreement, and all other U.S. and foreign law security agreements, pledge agreements, patent, trademark and industrial design security agreements, lease assignments, guarantees and other similar agreements, and all amendments, restatements, modifications or supplements thereof or thereto, by or between any one or more of any Credit Party, any of their respective Subsidiaries or any other Person pledging or granting a Lien on Collateral or guaranteeing the payment and performance of the Obligations, and any Lender or Agent for the benefit of Agent and the Lenders now or hereafter delivered to the Lenders or Agent pursuant to or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and all financing statements (or comparable documents now or hereafter filed in accordance with the UCC, PPSA or any other applicable law) against any such Person as debtor in favor of any Lender or Agent for the benefit of Agent and the Lenders, as secured party, as any of the foregoing may be amended, restated and/or modified from time to time. Compliance Certificate means a compliance certificate in the form attached as Exhibit E hereto executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower relating to the consolidated financial performance of the Credit Parties. Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Business Day, the definition of Base Rate and the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day , the addition of a concept of interest period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate and to permit the use and administration thereof by Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Consolidated Amortization Expense shall mean, for any period, the amortization expense of the Credit Parties for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Depreciation Expense shall mean, for any period, the depreciation expense of the Credit Parties for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated EBITDA shall mean, for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period, adjusted by (x) adding thereto, in each case only to the extent (and in the same proportion) deducted in determining such Consolidated Net Income and without duplication, the following: (a) Consolidated Interest Expense for such period, 
 S CHEDULE A - 8 

 (b) Consolidated Amortization Expense for such period, (c) Consolidated Depreciation Expense for such period, (d) Consolidated Tax Expense for such period, (e) any non-cash expense, loss or charge for such period, including any non-cash write-downs or non-cash write-offs including fixed asset impairments or write-downs, intangible asset impairments and deferred tax asset write-offs (except to the extent that such non-cash expense, loss or charge is reserved for cash expense, loss or charge to be taken in any future period) of the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries for such period, (f) any extraordinary losses and unusual or non-recurring charges, in each case, in cash, including, without limitation, any severance, integration, facilities closing or relocation costs and curtailments or modifications to pension and post retirement employee benefit plans in an aggregate amount not to exceed 500,000 in any Fiscal Year, (g) non-cash stock compensation expense, (h) non-cash expenses recognized due to purchase accounting, (i) one-time, non-recurring, customary and documented costs and expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, execution and delivery of the Loan Documents in an aggregate amount not to exceed 4,850,000, (j) the aggregate amount of all other non-cash charges, expenses or losses reducing Consolidated Net Income (including for certainty all unrealized foreign exchange losses but excluding any non-cash charge, expense or loss that results in an accrual of a reserve for cash charges in any future period and any non-cash charge, expense or loss relating to write-offs, write-downs or reserves with respect to accounts or inventory) for such period, (k) non-recurring losses and expenses incurred in connection with projects executed in by Jacksonville, Florida management of the Credit Parties , one-time costs and expenses incurred in connection with the transmission and distribution business segment start-up, and non-recurring costs and expenses arising out of the implementation of an ERP system, non-recurring costs and expenses arising out of pro forma headcount reductions implemented by the Credit Parties, and non-recurring costs and expenses arising out of the Champion/Powers litigation, in an aggregate amount not to exceed, (i) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2021, 264,190, (ii) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending September 30, 2021, 3,121,872, (iii) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31, 2021, 320,443, (iv) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31, 2022, 2,706,445 3,706,445 , and (v) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2022, 1,521,379 2,521,379, (vi) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending September 30, 2022, 5,000,000, and (vii) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31, 2022, 6,900,000 , and (y) subtracting therefrom the aggregate amount of all non-cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income (including for certainty all unrealized foreign exchange gains but excluding the accrual of revenue or recording of receivables in the ordinary course of business) for such period. Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any Permitted Acquisitions and Asset Sales (other than any dispositions in the ordinary course of business) consummated at any time on or after the first day of the measuring period and prior to the date of determination as if each such Permitted Acquisition had been effected on the first day of such period and as if each such Asset Sale had been consummated on the day prior to the first day of such period. Consolidated Fixed Charges means, for any period, the sum (without duplication) of (a) Consolidated Interest Expense, and (b) the aggregate amount of scheduled principal payments in respect of Indebtedness, including that portion 
 S CHEDULE A - 9 

 of rental payments with respect to Capital Leases which is or should be applied as a reduction to the principal of such Capital Leases, determined on a consolidated basis for the Credit Parties and their respective Subsidiaries in conformity with GAAP. Consolidated Indebtedness shall mean, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount of all Indebtedness of the Credit Parties, and all letter of credit exposure of the Credit Parties under the Revolving Loan Agreement, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Interest Expense shall mean, for any period, the total consolidated interest expense of the Credit Parties for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, excluding upfront financing fees paid under the Fee Letters or under the Revolving Loan Documents, plus , without duplication: (a) imputed interest on Capital Lease Obligations and Attributable Indebtedness of the Credit Parties for such period; (b) commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed by any Credit Party with respect to letters of credit securing financial obligations, bankers acceptance financing and receivables financings for such period; (c) amortization of debt issuance costs, debt discount or premium and other financing fees and expenses incurred by any Credit Party for such period; (d) cash contributions to any employee stock ownership plan or similar trust made by any Credit Party to the extent such contributions are used by such plan or trust to pay interest or fees to any Person (other than interest paid to Borrower or a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Borrower) in connection with Indebtedness incurred by such plan or trust for such period; (e) all interest paid or payable with respect to discontinued operations of any Credit Party for such period; (f) the interest portion of any deferred payment obligations of any Credit Party for such period; (g) all interest on any Indebtedness of the Credit Parties of the type described in clause (f) or (k) of the definition of Indebtedness for such period. Consolidated Interest Expense shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred for ordinary course working capital needs under ordinary course revolving credit facilities) incurred, assumed or permanently repaid or extinguished at any time on or after the first day of the measuring period and prior to the date of determination in connection with any Permitted Acquisitions and Asset Sales (other than any dispositions in the ordinary course of business) as if such incurrence, assumption, repayment or extinguishing had been effected on the first day of such period. Consolidated Net Income shall mean, for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of the Credit Parties determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP plus the net income (or loss) of the Permitted Joint Ventures; provided that there shall be excluded from such net income (to the extent otherwise included therein), without duplication: (a) the net income (or loss) of any Person (other than a Subsidiary of any Credit Party), including any Permitted Joint Venture, in which any Person other than a Credit Party or its Subsidiaries also has an ownership interest, except to the extent that cash in an amount equal to any such income has actually been received by such Credit Party or (subject to clause (b) below) any of its Subsidiaries during such period; (b) the net income of any Subsidiary of any Credit Party during such period to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary of that income is not permitted by operation of the terms of its Organizational Documents or any agreement, instrument or Requirement of Law applicable to that Subsidiary during such period; (c) any gain (or loss), together with any related provisions for taxes on any such gain (or the tax effect of any 
 S CHEDULE A - 10 

 such loss), realized during such period by any Credit Party upon any Asset Sale (other than any dispositions in the ordinary course of business) by any Credit Party; (d) gains and losses due solely to fluctuations in currency values and the related tax effects determined in accordance with GAAP for such period; (e) earnings resulting from any reappraisal, revaluation or write-up of assets; (f) unrealized gains and losses with respect to Hedging Obligations for such period; and (g) any extraordinary gain (or extraordinary loss), together with any related provision for taxes on any such gain (or the tax effect of any such loss), recorded or recognized by any Credit Party during such period. Consolidated Tax Expense shall mean, for any period, the tax expense of the Credit Parties, for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Working Capital shall mean, for any period, the working capital (current assets (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) minus current liabilities (other than Revolving Advances under the Revolving Loan Agreement and any of Borrower s current liabilities on such Revolving Advances and current maturities of long term Indebtedness) of the Credit Parties, for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Contingent Obligation shall mean, as to any Person, any obligation, agreement, understanding or arrangement of such Person guaranteeing or intended to guarantee any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations primary obligations of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent, (a) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor; (b) to advance or supply funds (i) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (ii) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor; (c) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation; (d) with respect to bankers acceptances, letters of credit and similar credit arrangements, until a reimbursement obligation arises (which reimbursement obligation shall constitute Indebtedness); or (e) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the holder of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof; provided , however , that the term Contingent Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business or any product warranties. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Contingent Obligation is made (or, if less, the maximum amount of such primary obligation for which such Person may be liable, whether singly or jointly, pursuant to the terms of the instrument evidencing such Contingent Obligation) or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder) as determined by such Person in good faith. Contractual Obligation means as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument, or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. Control Agreement means a deposit account control agreement and/or lock box agreement among any financial institution at which a Blocked Account is maintained, the Agent and the applicable Credit Party, which shall provide, among other things, that such financial institution executing such agreement has no rights of setoff or recoupment or any other claim against such Blocked Account other than for payment of its service fees and other charges directly related to the administration of such account, and shall give the Agent (i) in the case of Blocked Accounts at offices located in the United States, control of such Blocked Account as such term is defined in Section 9-104 of the Code, or (ii) in the case of Blocked Account at offices located in Canada, de facto control of such Blocked Accounts, in each case subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. Copyrights shall mean all of the following now owned or hereafter adopted or acquired by any Person: (i) all copyrights in any original work of authorship fixed in any tangible medium of expression, now known or later developed, all registrations and applications for registration of any such copyrights in the United States or any other country, including registrations, recordings and applications, and supplemental registrations, recordings, and applications in the 
 S CHEDULE A - 11 

 United States Copyright Office and the Canadian Intellectual Property Office; and (ii) all Proceeds of the foregoing, including license royalties and proceeds of infringement suits, the right to sue for past, present and future infringements, all rights corresponding thereto throughout the world and all renewals and extensions thereof. Credit Parties means the Borrower and the Guarantors. Debt Issuance shall mean the incurrence by any Credit Party of any Indebtedness after the Closing Date (other than as permitted by Section 5.1 ). Debtor Relief Laws means the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the Canadian Insolvency Laws, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States, Canada or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. Default means any Event of Default or any event that, with the passage of time or notice or both, would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. Default Rate has the meaning assigned to it in Section 1.5(c) . Delayed Draw Term Loan has the meaning assigned to it in Section 1.1(b) . Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request means each Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request delivered to Agent in substantially the form of Exhibit J pursuant to Section 1.1(b) . Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment means the maximum amount, if any, that each Lender under this Agreement may make or otherwise fund as Delayed Draw Term Loans, which maximum amount is set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule B or as otherwise documented by such Lender under the Loan Documents, as adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. The aggregate amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments as of the Closing Date is 15,000,000. Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date means the earliest of (a) the date on which the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments are terminated and have been reduced to zero (0), (b) the date on which the entire amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments has been borrowed, or (c) the date that is eighteen (18) months after the Closing Date. Delayed Draw Term Loan Funded Amount means, with respect to any Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan funded by such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender. Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender means each of those certain financial institutions set forth on Schedule B attached hereto that has a Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment as set forth on Schedule B hereto and such other financial institutions that may from time to time make a Delayed Draw Term Loan under the Loan Documents, and if at any time any Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender shall decide to assign or syndicate all or any of its Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment subject to Section 8(a) of this Agreement, such term shall include such assignee or such other members of the syndicate. Designated Person has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3.22(a) . Disqualified Capital Stock shall mean, with respect to any Person, any Equity Interest which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event, (a) matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Capital Stock), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, on or prior to the first anniversary of the Maturity Date, (b) is convertible into or exchangeable (unless at the sole option of the issuer thereof) for (i) debt securities or (ii) any Equity Interests referred to in (a) above, in each case at any time on or prior to the first anniversary of the Maturity Date, or (c) contains any repurchase obligation which may come into effect prior to payment in full of all Obligations; provided , however , that any Equity Interests that (x) would not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock 
 S CHEDULE A - 12 

 but for provisions thereof giving holders thereof (or the holders of any security into or for which such Equity Interests is convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) the right to require the issuer thereof to redeem such Equity Interests upon the occurrence of a change in control or an asset sale occurring shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock or (y) are issued pursuant to a plan for the benefit of employees of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interests shall not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests solely because they may be required to be repurchased by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations (provided, further, that Credit Parties shall only be permitted to make redemptions and/or repurchases of such Equity Interests in accordance with the terms of Section 5.7). Distributions shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Credit Party, all dividends, cash, options, warrants, rights, instruments, distributions, returns of capital or principal, income, interest, profits and other property, interests (debt or equity), or proceeds, including as a result of a split, revision, reclassification or other like change of the Pledged Securities, from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed to such Credit Party in respect of or in exchange for any or all of the Pledged Securities. Dollars or means lawful currency of the United States of America. Embargoed Person means any party that (i) is publicly identified on the most current list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons published by the OFAC or resides, is organized or chartered in a country or territory subject to OFAC sanctions or embargo programs or (ii) is publicly identified as prohibited from doing business with the United States under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the Trading With the Enemy Act, or any other Requirement of Law relating to terrorism, trade sanctions programs and embargoes, money-laundering or bribery. Environmental Laws means all federal, state, provincial, territorial and local laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations, now or hereafter in effect, and in each case as amended or supplemented from time to time, and any applicable judicial or administrative interpretation thereof relating to the regulation and protection of human health, safety, the environment and natural resources (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, wetlands, land surface or subsurface strata, wildlife, aquatic species and vegetation). Environmental Liabilities means all liabilities, obligations, responsibilities, remedial actions, removal costs, losses, damages of whatever nature, costs and expenses (including all reasonable fees, disbursements and expenses of counsel, experts and consultants and costs of investigation and feasibility studies), fines, penalties, sanctions and interest incurred as a result of any claim, suit, action or demand of whatever nature by any Person and which relate to any health or safety condition regulated under any Environmental Law, environmental permits or in connection with any Release, threatened Release, or the presence of a Hazardous Material. Equity Interest shall mean, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents, including membership interests (however designated, whether voting or nonvoting), of equity of such Person, including, if such Person is a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited) and any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of property of, such partnership, whether outstanding on the date hereof or issued after the Closing Date, but excluding debt securities convertible or exchangeable into such equity. Equity Issuance shall mean, without duplication, (i) any issuance or sale by Holdings after the Closing Date of any Equity Interests in Holdings (including any Equity Interests issued upon exercise of any warrant or option) or any warrants or options to purchase Equity Interests or (ii) any contribution to the capital of Holdings; provided , however , that an Equity Issuance shall not include (x) any Preferred Stock Issuance or Debt Issuance, (y) any such sale or issuance by Holdings of not more than an aggregate amount of five percent (5.0 of its Equity Interests (including its Equity Interests issued upon exercise of any option, warrant, convertible security or option or warrants or options to purchase its Equity Interests but excluding Disqualified Capital Stock), in each case, to directors, officers or employees of any Credit Party and (z) any Excluded Issuance. ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (or any successor legislation thereto), as amended from time to time, and any regulations promulgated thereunder. ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with any Credit Party, is 
 S CHEDULE A - 13 

 treated as a single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the IRC, or, solely for the purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the IRC, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the IRC. ERISA Event shall mean (a) any reportable event , as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) the existence with respect to any Plan of an accumulated funding deficiency (as referenced in Section 412 of the IRC or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412 of the IRC or Section 303 of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any material liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan in an involuntary termination proceeding; (f) the incurrence by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability with respect to any withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. Event of Default has the meaning assigned to it in Section 7.1 . Excess Cash Flow means, with respect to any period, (a) the sum of (i) Consolidated EBITDA plus (ii) decreases in Consolidated Working Capital during such period, minus (b) the sum of (i) Capital Expenditures (excluding the financed portion thereof and excluding any Capital Expenditures in such Fiscal Year to the extent in excess of the amount permitted to be made in such Fiscal Year pursuant to the Loan Documents), plus (ii) Consolidated Interest Expense paid or accrued (excluding any original issue discount, interest paid in kind or amortized debt discount, to the extent included in Consolidated Interest Expense) and scheduled principal payments paid or payable in respect of funded debt, plus (iii) increases in Consolidated Working Capital during such period; plus (iv) income and franchise taxes of Borrower and its Subsidiaries that were paid in cash during such period; plus or minus (as the case may be) (c) extraordinary gains or losses for such period which are cash items not included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income. Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. Excluded Accounts shall mean (a) any Deposit Account that is used solely for payroll, payroll taxes, other employee wage and benefit payments, or other fiduciary purposes, (b) any Excluded ZBA Disbursement Accounts, and (c) (i) only until and including, but not after, February 1, 2023 (or such later date as agreed to by Agent in its sole discretion), any Excluded Canadian Accounts and the Specified Canadian Account, and (ii) only until and including, but not after, June 30, 2023 (or such later date as agreed to by Agent in its sole discretion), the Specified Canadian Account. Excluded Asset means each of the following assets of a Credit Party provided , the term Excluded Asset shall not at any time include (x) the Proceeds, products, substitutions or replacements of any such asset or (y) any asset that at any time ceases to satisfy the criteria to constitute an Excluded Asset (whether as a result of any Credit Party obtaining any applicable consent, any regulatory change, or otherwise)): (a) any leasehold interest in Real Property and any fee-owned Real Property other than Material Owned Real Property; (b) until such date as all Secured Obligations (as such term is defined in the Capital Provision Agreement as in effect as of the Closing Date) have been satisfied in full and the Capital Provision Agreement has been terminated, the Collateral, as such term is defined in the Capital Provision Agreement in effect on the Closing Date, in which the Borrower previously has granted a security interest to the Capital Providers in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding (as such term is defined in the definition of Capital Provision Agreement); provided, however, it is 
 S CHEDULE A - 14 

 understood and agreed that in the event any amounts are paid to the Borrower in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding, whether pursuant to an arbitration award, settlement of the Arbitration Proceeding or otherwise (collectively, an Arbitration Recovery ), the Proceeds of such Arbitration Recovery (calculated after giving effect to the payment of all obligations owing by the Borrower to the litigation finance partner pursuant to written agreements between the Borrower and such litigation finance partner, costs, fees and expenses incurred or payable by the Borrower in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding, including, without limitation, all legal costs and disbursements incurred or made by the Borrower in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding) shall not, for the avoidance of doubt, constitute Excluded Assets and Agent shall have a Lien on such Proceeds; provided, that the priority of any Lien of Agent on such Proceeds shall be subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement; (c) any lease, license, contract, property right or agreement to which any Credit Party is a party or any of its rights or interests thereunder if and for so long as the grant of the security interest to Agent with respect thereto is prohibited by applicable law; provided that such asset shall no longer be an Excluded Asset immediately at such time the grant of a security interest therein shall no longer be prohibited by applicable law; (d) property subject to a purchase money security agreement or Capital Lease to the extent and for so long as (i) the documentation providing for such purchase money indebtedness or capital lease prohibits the creation of a lien on such assets or (ii) otherwise requires consent (unless such consent has been obtained (it being understood that there shall be no obligation to obtain such consent)); provided that such assets shall no longer be an Excluded Asset immediately at such time as the contractual prohibition, or consent right, shall no longer be applicable and to the extent severable, shall attach immediately to any portion of such assets that is not subject to such prohibition or consent right, (e) any lease, license, contract, property right or agreement to which any Credit Party is a party, in each case in existence on the Closing Date or upon acquisition of the relevant Subsidiary party thereto, or any of its rights or interests thereunder: (i) if and for so long as the grant of the security interest to Agent with respect thereto (A) shall constitute or result in the abandonment, invalidation or unenforceability of any right, title or interest of any Credit Party therein, (B) shall constitute or result in a breach, default or termination pursuant to the terms thereof, other than to the extent that any such term would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law or principles of equity, or (C) otherwise requires consent thereunder (unless such consent has been obtained (it being understood that there shall be no obligation to obtain such consent)); and (ii) such prohibition, termination right or consent requirement is not entered into in contemplation of the Loan Documents; provided that such asset shall no longer be an Excluded Asset immediately at such time as the condition causing such abandonment, invalidation, unenforceability, breach, default or termination shall be remedied and to the extent severable, shall attach immediately to any portion of such asset that does not result in any of the consequences specified herein; (f) any intent-to-use trademark application, filed pursuant to Section 1(b) of the Lanham Act, 17 USC. 1051(b), prior to the filing of a Statement of Use or Amendment to Allege Use with respect thereto (as each is defined in such act), to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant of the security interest of Agent with respect thereto would impair the validity or enforceability of such intent-to-use trademark application or any registration that issues from such intent-to-use application under applicable federal law; (g) other than as specifically provided in this definition, any asset with respect to which Agent shall have reasonably determined in good faith that the burden or cost of obtaining a security interest in such asset exceeds the practical benefit to the Agent and secured parties of the security to be afforded thereby. Excluded Canadian Accounts means the bank accounts of the Credit Parties with TD Canada Trust with account numbers as previously identified to Agent in writing with account numbers ending 5616, 2137, 1733, 1806, 1865, 1698, 1701, 4948 and 1951. Excluded Issuance shall mean an issuance and sale of Qualified Capital Stock of Holdings, to the extent such Qualified Capital Stock is used, or the Net Cash Proceeds thereof shall be, within forty-five (45) days of the consummation of such issuance and sale, used, without duplication, to finance Capital Expenditures. Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being 
 S CHEDULE A - 15 

 organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes; (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. or Canadian federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 1.7 , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office; (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 8(b) ; (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA; and (e) taxes imposed under Part XIII of the Income Tax Act (Canada) on amounts paid by a Canadian Credit Party that arise as a consequence of the recipient of the payment (i) not dealing at arm s length (within the meaning of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) with the Canadian Credit Party, (ii) being a specified non-resident shareholder (within the meaning of subsection 18(5) of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) of the Canadian Credit Party, or (iii) not dealing at arm s length (within the meaning of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) with a specified shareholder (within the meaning of subsection 18(5) of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) of the Canadian Credit Party. Excluded ZBA Disbursement Accounts has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 3.26(b). Executive Orders has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Existing Letters of Credit means those letters of credit outstanding as of the Closing Date and set forth on Disclosure Schedule (5.1) , issued by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association for the account of Holdings or its Subsidiaries. Extraordinary Receipts means any cash received by or paid to or for the account of any Credit Party not in the ordinary course of business (and not consisting of any Proceeds described in any of Section 1.2(c) through f)), including Proceeds from the Arbitration Recovery, the Chubb Proceedings and/or the Koontz-Wagner Bankruptcy Proceedings, life insurance proceeds, purchase price and other monetary adjustments made in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or other acquisition permitted under the Loan Documents and/or indemnification payments made in connection with any such Permitted Acquisition or acquisition of substantially all of the assets or Equity Interests of another Person; p rovided, that Extraordinary Receipt shall exclude (a) working capital adjustments in connection with any such Permitted Acquisition or acquisition, and (b) indemnification payments received by any Credit Party pertaining to any such Permitted Acquisition or acquisition to the extent that the amounts so received are applied (within 90 days after receipt) for the purpose of remedying the condition giving rise to the claim for indemnification. FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the IRC, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the IRC and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the IRC. Fee Letters has the meaning assigned to it in Section 1.6 . Fees means any and all fees due to Agent as set forth in Section 1.6 . Financial Statements means, with respect to any Person, the income statement, balance sheet and statement of cash flows of such Person, prepared for the time period specified and prepared in accordance with GAAP setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for such time period the previous year, certified by a Responsible Officer as being fairly stated in all material respects. Fiscal Month means any of the monthly accounting periods of Borrower. Fiscal Quarter means any of the quarterly accounting periods of Borrower. Fiscal Year means the twelve (12) month period of Borrower ending December 31 of each year. Subsequent changes of the fiscal year of Borrower shall not change the term Fiscal Year unless Agent shall consent in writing to such change. 
 S CHEDULE A - 16 

 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, with respect to any Person for any measuring period of twelve (12) Fiscal Months, the ratio of (a) (i) Consolidated EBITDA for such measuring period minus (ii) Capital Expenditures for such measuring period (other than any Capital Expenditures financed by the incurrence of Indebtedness permitted under this Agreement), minus (iii) United States, Canadian, state, provincial, local and foreign taxes paid by such Person in cash during such period, minus (iv) any Restricted Payments to the extent actually made (provided that this clause shall not impair or modify any restriction on the making of a Restricted Payment that is not permitted to be made under this Agreement or the Loan Documents) during such period, minus (v) payments on the Permitted Koontz-Wagner Pension Plan Obligations to the extent actually made (provided that this clause (vi) shall not impair or modify any restriction on the making of a payment that is not permitted to be made under this Agreement or the Loan Documents), minus (vii) investments in Permitted Joint Ventures in accordance with Section 5.3 paid by such Person during such period, to (b) Consolidated Fixed Charges for such measuring period; provided that: (A) the Consolidated EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2020 and September 30, 2020 shall be deemed to be 4,988,638 and 4,053,202, respectively; (B) all amounts under this definition (other than as set forth in clause (A) above) for the trailing twelve (12) Fiscal Month period ending March 31, 2021, shall mean all such amounts during the period from December 31, 2020 to March 31, 2021, multiplied by 4; (C) all amounts under this definition (other than as set forth in clause (A) above) for the trailing twelve (12) Fiscal Month period ending June 30, 2021, shall mean all such amounts during the period from December 31, 2020 to June 30, 2021, multiplied by 2; and (D) all amounts under this definition (other than as set forth in clause (A) above) for the trailing twelve (12) Fiscal Month period ending September 30, 2021, shall mean all such amounts during the period from December 31, 2020 to September 30, 2021, multiplied by 12/9. Foreign Lender shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 8(b)(ii ). Foreign Subsidiary means a Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia or Canada or any province or territory thereof. Formula Amount (and the definitions used in such term) shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Revolving Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof without giving effect to any amendments or modifications thereto after the date hereof, except to the extent permitted by the Intercreditor Agreement. GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as in effect from time to time, consistently applied. Governmental Authority means any nation or government, any state, province, territory or other political subdivision thereof, and any agency, department or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government. GPEG means GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Grantor means Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor. Guaranteed Indebtedness means, as to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing any indebtedness, lease, dividend, or other obligation primary obligations of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, including any obligation or arrangement of such guaranteeing Person (whether or not contingent): (i) to purchase or repurchase any such primary obligation; (ii) to advance or supply funds (a) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (b) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency or any balance sheet condition of the primary obligor; (iii) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation; or (iv) to indemnify the owner of such primary obligation against 
 S CHEDULE A - 17 

 loss in respect thereof. Guaranteed Obligations shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 11.1 . Guarantees shall mean the guarantees issued pursuant to Article XI by Holdings and the Subsidiary Guarantors. Guarantors means Holdings and the Subsidiary Guarantors. Hazardous Material means any substance, material or waste that is regulated by or forms the basis of liability now or hereafter under, any Environmental Law, including any material or substance that is (a) defined as a solid waste, hazardous waste, hazardous material, hazardous substance, extremely hazardous waste, restricted hazardous waste, pollutant, contaminant, hazardous constituent, special waste, toxic substance or other similar term or phrase under any Environmental Law, (b) petroleum or any fraction or by-product thereof, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), or any radioactive substance. Hedging Agreement shall mean any swap, cap, collar, forward purchase or similar agreements or arrangements dealing with interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices, either generally or under specific contingencies. Hedging Obligations shall mean obligations under or with respect to Hedging Agreements. Inactive Subsidiary shall mean each of GPEG, Power and Steam. Indebtedness of any Person shall mean, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or advances; (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments; (c) all obligations of such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid or accrued, other than trade accounts payable, taxes and utility charges incurred in the ordinary course of business on customary terms and not overdue by more than 120 days, except, in the case of such accounts payable overdue by more than 120 days, such accounts payable are being contested in good faith and reserves have been made; (d) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property purchased by such Person to the extent of the value of such property (other than customary reservations or retentions of title under agreements with suppliers entered into in the ordinary course of business); (e) all obligations of such Person issued or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding (i) trade accounts payable and accrued obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business on normal trade terms and not overdue by more than 120 days, except for accounts payable being contested in good faith and for which reserves have been made, (ii) any earn-out obligation until such obligation is due and payable and (iii) deferred or equity compensation arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business and payable to directors, officers and employees made in accordance with Section 5.7(vii)); (f) all Indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) of others secured by any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the obligations secured thereby have been assumed, but limited to the fair market value of such property; (g) all Capital Lease Obligations, Purchase Money Obligations and synthetic lease obligations of such Person; (h) all Hedging Obligations to the extent required to be reflected on a balance sheet of such Person; (i) all Attributable Indebtedness of such Person; (j) all obligations of such Person for the reimbursement of any obligor in respect of letters of credit, letters of guarantee, bankers acceptances and similar credit transactions; (k) the principal balance outstanding under any synthetic lease, off-balance sheet loan or similar off-balance sheet financing product; (l) all obligations, whether or not contingent, to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise acquire for value any of its own Stock or Stock Equivalents (or any Stock or Stock Equivalent of a direct or indirect parent entity thereof) prior to the date that is 180 days after the Stated Maturity Date valued at, in the case of redeemable preferred Stock, the greater of the voluntary liquidation preference and the involuntary liquidation preference of such Stock plus accrued and unpaid dividends; and (m) all Contingent Obligations of such Person in respect of Indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (a) through (l) above. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except (other than in the case of general partner liability) to the extent that terms of such Indebtedness expressly provide that such Person is not liable therefor. Indemnified Liabilities and Indemnified Person have the respective meanings assigned to them in Section 1.10 . 
 S CHEDULE A - 18 

 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. Industrial Design means, with respect to any Person and throughout the world, all of the following now owned or hereafter acquired by such Person: (i) all industrial designs, intangibles of like nature and any work subject to the design laws of Canada or any other country, (ii) all registrations and applications for registrations of any such industrial designs in Canada or any other country, including registrations in the Canadian Intellectual Property Office, (iii) income, fees, royalties, damages, claims and payments now and hereafter due or payable under and with respect thereto, including payments under all licenses entered into in connection therewith and damages and payments for past, present, or future infringements thereof, (iv) the right to sue for past, present, and future infringements thereof, and (v) rights corresponding thereto throughout the world. Insurance Requirements means, collectively, all provisions of the insurance policies, all requirements of the issuer of any of the insurance policies and all orders, rules, regulations and any other requirements of the National Board of Fire Underwriters (or any other body exercising similar functions) binding upon each Credit Party which is an owner of Mortgaged Property and applicable to the Mortgaged Property or any use or condition thereof. Intellectual Property means any and all Licenses, Patents, Copyrights, Trademarks, Industrial Designs, trade secrets and customer lists. Intercreditor Agreement means that certain Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of even date herewith, among Agent and the Revolving Agent, as amended from time to time in accordance with its terms. IRC and IRS mean respectively, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Internal Revenue Service, and any successors thereto. Joinder Agreement means each Joinder Agreement of a new Subsidiary delivered to the Agent after the Closing Date in substantially the form of Exhibit H pursuant to Sections 1.12 and 3.28(b) . Judgment Conversion Date has the meaning given to such term in Section 10.19 . Judgment Currency has the meaning given to such term in Section 10.19 . Lender means each of those certain financial institutions set forth on Schedule B attached hereto, and if at any time any Lender shall decide to assign or syndicate all or any of the Obligations subject to Section 8(a) of this Agreement, such term shall include such assignee or such other members of the syndicate. Liabilities means all claims, actions, suits, judgments, damages, losses, liability, obligations, responsibilities, fines, penalties, sanctions, costs, fees, taxes, commissions, charges, disbursements and expenses, in each case of any kind or nature (including interest accrued thereon or as a result thereto and fees, charges and disbursements of financial, legal and other advisors and consultants), whether joint or several, whether or not indirect, contingent, consequential, actual, punitive, treble or otherwise. LIBOR means, for each Fiscal Quarter, the greater of (a) one percent (1.0 per annum and (b) the offered rate per annum for deposits of Dollars for an interest period of 3 months that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR 01 Page as of 11:00 A.M. (London, England time) two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of each Fiscal Quarter or, for the period from the Closing Date until the end of the first Fiscal Quarter after the Closing Date, prior to the Closing Date, or if no such offered rate exists, such rate will be the rate of interest per annum, as determined by Agent at which deposits of Dollars in immediately available funds are offered at 11:00 A.M. (London, England time) two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of each Fiscal Quarter by major financial institutions reasonably satisfactory to Agent in the interbank market for such Fiscal Quarter for the applicable principal amount on such date of determination. Licenses shall mean, with respect to each Grantor, all license and distribution agreements with, and covenants not to sue, any other party with respect to any Patent, Trademark, Copyright or Industrial Design or any other patent, trademark, copyright or industrial design, whether such Grantor is a licensor or licensee, distributor or distributee 
 S CHEDULE A - 19 

 under any such license or distribution agreement, together with any and all (i) renewals, extensions, supplements and continuations thereof, (ii) income, fees, royalties, damages, claims and payments now and hereafter due and/or payable thereunder and with respect thereto including damages and payments for past, present or future infringements or violations thereof, (iii) rights to sue for past, present and future infringements or violations thereof and (iv) other rights to use, exploit or practice any or all of the Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights or Industrial Design or any other patent, trademark, copyright or industrial design. Lien means any mortgage, security deed or deed of trust, deemed trust (statutory or otherwise), pledge, hypothecation, hypothec, assignment, deposit arrangement, lien, charge, claim, security interest, security title, easement or encumbrance, or preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any lease or title retention agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the filing of, or agreement to give, any financing statement perfecting a security interest under the Code, the PPSA or comparable law of any jurisdiction). Liquidity means, as of any date of determination, the sum of (a) Credit Parties unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents, plus (B) Borrowing Availability under the Revolving Credit Agreement, Lists has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Litigation means any claim, lawsuit, litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority. Loan has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.1 . Loan Documents means this Agreement, each Note, the Guarantee, each Mortgage (if any), the Pledge Agreement, the Control Agreements, the Fee Letters, each Power of Attorney, any waiver or consent of a landlord or mortgagee executed in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, and all other agreements, instruments, documents and certificates identified in Schedule D executed and delivered to, and in favor of, Agent and including all other agreements, pledges, consents, assignments, contracts and notices whether heretofore, now or hereafter executed by or on behalf of any Credit Party, or any employee of any Credit Party, and delivered to, and in favor of, Agent in connection with the Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby. Any reference in the Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, and shall refer to the Agreement or such Loan Document as the same may be in effect at any and all times such reference becomes operative. Mandatory Prepayments has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.2(b) . Margin Stock has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.8 . Material Adverse Effect means a fact, event, circumstance or other effect that, alone or with other facts, events, circumstances or other effects that (a) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change in the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, assets, liabilities (contingent or otherwise) or properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) impairs, or could reasonably be expected to impair, the ability of the Credit Parties to make any payment or perform any of their other obligations under the Loan Documents or the ability of the Agent or any Lender to enforce its rights and remedies under the Loan Documents, (c) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, in a material adverse effect on the liens, including the priority thereof, granted by the Credit Parties in the assets of the Credit Parties or (d) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a material adverse effect on the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document. Material Holder means, with respect to any Credit Party, (a) any Person that owns or has the power to vote 25 or more of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Credit Party or other Persons performing similar functions for such Credit Party, or (b) any Person that has the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Credit Party whether by ownership of equity interests, contract or otherwise. Material Owned Real Property means (a) the Real Property owned by any Credit Party listed in the Perfection 
 S CHEDULE A - 20 

 Certificate dated as of the Closing Date and (b) any other Real Property owned by a Credit Party or acquired by a Credit Party with a fair market value in excess of 1,000,000. Maturity Date means, with respect to the Term Loan, the earliest to occur of (i) the date of the termination of the acceleration of the maturity of any Obligations pursuant to Section 7.2 and (ii) the Stated Maturity Date. Maximum Lawful Rate has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.5(e) . Maximum Priority Revolving Loan Debt has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Intercreditor Agreement. Mortgage means any mortgage or deed of trust from the relevant Credit Party in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders relating to such Credit Party s real property owned as of the Closing Date, if any, and any other mortgage or deed of trust delivered to the Agent pursuant to Section 3.28 . Mortgaged Property shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Mortgages. Multiemployer Plan shall mean a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) or Section 3(37) of ERISA (a) to which any Grantor or any ERISA Affiliate is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions; (b) to which any Grantor or any ERISA Affiliate has within the preceding five plan years made contributions; or (c) with respect to which any Grantor could incur liability. Net Cash Proceeds shall mean: (a) with respect to any Asset Sale (other than any issuance or sale of Equity Interests), the cash proceeds received by any Credit Party (including cash proceeds subsequently received (as and when received by any Credit Party) in respect of non-cash consideration initially received) net of (i) selling expenses (including reasonable brokers fees or commissions, legal, accounting and other professional and transactional fees, transfer and similar taxes and Credit Party s good faith estimate of income taxes actually paid or payable in connection with such sale); (ii) amounts provided as a reserve, in accordance with GAAP, against (x) any liabilities under any indemnification obligations associated with such Asset Sale or (y) any other liabilities retained by any Credit Party associated with the properties sold in such Asset Sale provided that, to the extent and at the time any such amounts are released from such reserve, such amounts shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds); (iii) Credit Party s good faith estimate of payments required to be made with respect to unassumed liabilities relating to the properties sold within ninety (90) days of such Asset Sale provided that, to the extent such cash proceeds are not used to make payments in respect of such unassumed liabilities within ninety (90) days of such Asset Sale, such cash proceeds shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds); and (iv) the principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts on any Indebtedness for borrowed money which is secured by a Lien on the properties sold in such Asset Sale (so long as such Lien was permitted to encumber such properties under the Loan Documents at the time of such sale) and which is repaid with such proceeds (other than any such Indebtedness assumed by the purchaser of such properties); (b) with respect to any Debt Issuance, any Equity Issuance or any other issuance or sale of Equity Interests by any Credit Party (other than to another Credit Party), the cash proceeds thereof, net of customary fees, commissions, costs and other expenses incurred in connection therewith (including reasonable attorney s, accountant s and other similar professional advisor s fees); and (c) with respect to any Casualty Event, the cash insurance proceeds, condemnation awards and other compensation received in respect thereof, net of all reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection with the collection of such proceeds, awards or other compensation in respect of such Casualty Event. Non-Funding Lender has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.13 . Note means any Term Note. NQAP License means all rights, permits, licenses, approvals and privileges (including all Permits) granted to a Person 
 S CHEDULE A - 21 

 from time to time in connection with a Nuclear Quality Assurance Plan. NRC License means all rights, permits, licenses, approvals and privileges (including all Permits) granted to a Person from time to time by the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Obligations means all loans, advances, debts, expense reimbursement, fees, liabilities, and obligations for the performance of covenants, tasks or duties or for payment of monetary amounts (whether or not such performance is then required or contingent, or amounts are liquidated or determinable) owing by Borrower and any other Credit Party to the Lenders arising under any of the Loan Documents, of any kind or nature, present or future, and all covenants and duties regarding such amounts. This term includes all principal, interest, Fees, Charges, expenses, attorneys fees and any other sum chargeable to Borrower under any of the Loan Documents (including interest accruing at the then applicable rate provided in this Agreement after the maturity of the Loan, and Fees, Charges, costs, expenses and interest accruing at the then applicable rate provided in this Agreement after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest or a claim for such Fees, Charges, costs and expense is allowed in such proceeding), and all principal and interest due in respect of the Loan and all obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor under any Guarantee. OFAC has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . OFAC Laws and Regulations has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Officers Certificate means a certificate executed by the chairman of the Board of Directors (if an officer), the Chief Executive Officer or the president and one of the Responsible Officers, each in his or her official (and not individual) capacity. Organization Charts has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(s) . Organizational Documents shall mean, with respect to any Person, (i) in the case of any corporation or unlimited liability corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation, as applicable, and by-laws (or similar documents) of such Person, (ii) in the case of any limited liability company, the certificate of formation and operating agreement (or similar documents) of such Person, (iii) in the case of any limited partnership, the certificate of formation and limited partnership agreement (or similar documents) of such Person, (iv) in the case of any general partnership, the partnership agreement (or similar document) of such Person and (v) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. Other Lists has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment. Ownership Interests means, as applied to any Person, corporate stock and any and all securities, shares, partnership interests (whether general, limited, special or other), limited liability company interests, membership interests, equity interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated and of any character) of corporate stock of such Person or any of the foregoing issued by such Person (whether a corporation, a partnership, a limited liability company or another entity) and shall include securities convertible into Ownership Interests and rights, warrants or options to acquire Ownership Interests. Participant has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(a) . 
 S CHEDULE A - 22 

 Participant Register has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(a) . Patents means all of the following in which any Person now holds or hereafter acquires any interest: (i) all letters patent and patents of the United States or any other country, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications for letters patent and patents of the United States or any other country, including registrations, recordings and applications in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the Canadian Intellectual Property Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any State or Territory thereof, or any other country; and (ii) all reissues, continuations, continuations-in-part or extensions thereof. Payment Date has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.1 . PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor thereto. Perfection Certificate means a certificate in the form of Exhibit A attached to this Agreement or any other form approved by the Agent, as the same shall be supplemented from time to time. Permit means, with respect to any Person, any permit, approval, authorization, license, registration, certificate, concession, grant, franchise, variance or permission from, and any other Contractual Obligations with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law and applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. Permitted Acquisition shall mean any transaction for the (a) acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets or property of any Person, or of any business or division of any Person; or (b) acquisition (including by merger or consolidation) of the Equity Interests of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after giving effect to such transaction; provided that each of the following conditions shall be met: (i) no Default then exists or would result therefrom; (ii) the Credit Parties shall have delivered to Agent a pro forma balance sheet, pro forma financial statements and a Compliance Certificate demonstrating that, both before and after giving effect to such transaction on a Pro Forma Basis, (A) Holdings and its Subsidiaries shall be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 4.2 as of the most recent Measuring period (assuming (x) for purposes of Section 4.2 , that such transaction, and all other Permitted Acquisitions consummated since the first day of the relevant measuring period ending on or prior to the date of such transaction, had occurred on the first day of such relevant measuring period and (y) if such transaction is to be consummated prior to the last day of the first measuring period for which the covenants in Section 4.2 are required to be satisfied, the levels required for such first measuring period shall be deemed to apply in determining compliance with such covenants for purposes of this clause (A) ), (B) the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed 3.25:1.00 (with such Total Leverage Ratio calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as described in the immediately preceding clause (A)) and (C) the Borrower shall have Undrawn Availability (as defined in the Revolving Loan Agreement) of not less than 7,500,000; (iii) no Credit Party shall, in connection with any such transaction, assume or remain liable with respect to any Indebtedness or other liability (including any material tax or ERISA liability) of the related seller or the business, Person or properties acquired, except obligations not constituting Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business and necessary or desirable to the continued operation of the underlying properties, and any other such liabilities or obligations not permitted to be assumed or otherwise supported by any Credit Party hereunder shall be paid in full or released as to the business, persons or properties being so acquired on or before the consummation of such acquisition; (iv) the Person or business to be acquired shall be, or shall be engaged in, a business of the type that the Credit Parties are permitted to be engaged in under Section 5.6 and the property acquired in connection with any such transaction shall be made subject to the Lien of the Loan Documents and shall be free and clear of any Liens, other than Permitted Liens; 
 S CHEDULE A - 23 

 (v) with respect to the acquisition of Equity Interests, the Person to be acquired shall (i) have a positive Consolidated EBITDA, calculated in accordance with GAAP immediately prior to such acquisition, (ii) be added as a Borrower or a Guarantor in accordance with Section 3.28 and be jointly and severally liable for all Obligations, and (iii) grant to Agent a first priority Lien in all of its assets; (vi) if such acquisition includes general partnership interests or any other Equity Interest that does not have a corporate (or similar) limitation on liability of the owners thereof, then such acquisition shall be effected by having such Equity Interests acquired by a corporate holding company directly or indirectly wholly-owned by a Credit Party and newly formed for the sole purpose of effecting such acquisition; (vii) the Board of Directors of the Person to be acquired shall have approved the acquisition; (viii) all transactions in connection therewith shall be consummated in accordance with all applicable Requirements of Law; (ix) unless the Agent shall otherwise agree, Borrower shall have provided the Agent with (A) historical Financial Statements for the last three Fiscal Years (or, if less, the number of years since formation) of the Person or business to be acquired (audited if available without undue cost or delay) and unaudited Financial Statements thereof for the most recent interim period which are available, (B) reasonably detailed projections for the succeeding three years pertaining to the Person or business to be acquired and updated projections for Borrower after giving effect to such transaction, (C) a reasonably detailed description of all material information relating thereto and copies of all material documentation pertaining to such transaction, and (D) all such other information and data relating to such transaction or the Person or business to be acquired as may be reasonably requested by the Agent; (x) at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed date of consummation of the transaction, Borrower shall have delivered to the Agent an Officer s Certificate certifying that (A) such transaction complies with this definition (which shall have attached thereto reasonably detailed backup data and calculations showing such compliance), and (B) such transaction could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and (xi) the aggregate amount of the Acquisition Consideration for all Permitted Acquisitions since the Closing Date shall not exceed 5 million; provided that (i) any Equity Interests constituting all or a portion of such Acquisition Consideration shall not have a cash dividend requirement on or prior to the Maturity Date and (ii) any earn-out payments or deferred or future payments shall be subject to a subordination agreement (in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Agent) in favor of Agent subordinating payment of such earn-out payments or deferred or future payments to Agent and such payment obligations shall be unsecured. Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary means a Captive Insurance Subsidiary that Agent has approved as a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary pursuant to Section 5.21 . Permitted Joint Venture means any joint venture or partnership between a Credit Party, on the other hand, and any other Person, on the other hand (each, a Joint Venture so long as (a) immediately prior to and after giving pro forma effect to the formation and capitalization of such Joint Venture, no Default or Event of Default exists; (b) the assets, businesses or activities of the Joint Venture are consistent with the then-current business plan of the Credit Parties; (c) no Indebtedness or Liens are assumed or incurred by such Credit Party as a result of the formation and capitalization of, or as a result of any subsequent investment in, the Joint Venture, except as otherwise expressly permitted by Section 5.1 or Section 5.2; and (d) such Credit Party, the Joint Venture or the customer or customers of the Joint Venture shall obtain customary liability and commercial insurance, in amounts and from reputable insurers as may be necessary for prudent execution of work by the Joint Venture. Permitted Koontz-Wagner Pension Plan Obligations means obligations of the Credit Parties in an aggregate amount not to exceed 2,700,000 for their obligations arising under the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local Union 1392 multi-employer pension plan of Koontz-Wagner Custom Controls Holdings LLC (which 
 S CHEDULE A - 24 

 Person was previously a Subsidiary of the Credit Parties and filed a voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 7 of Title 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas on July 11, 2018 (the proceedings relating to such petition, the Koontz-Wagner Bankruptcy Proceedings ). Permitted Liens means the following encumbrances: (i) Liens for taxes or assessments or other governmental Charges or levies, including Priority Payables, either not yet due and payable or to the extent that nonpayment thereof is permitted by the terms of Section 3.09 ; (ii) carriers , warehousemen s, suppliers , mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s or other similar liens arising in the ordinary course of business and securing indebtedness not yet due and payable or overdue for more than 30 days or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person to the extent required in accordance with GAAP; (iii) attachment, judgment or other similar Liens arising in connection with court or arbitration proceedings, provided that the same are discharged, or that execution or enforcement thereof is stayed pending appeal, within thirty (30) days or (in the case of any execution or enforcement pending appeal) such lesser time during which such appeal may be taken; (iv) zoning restrictions, easements, licenses, or other restrictions on the use of real property or other minor irregularities in title thereto, so long as the same do not materially impair the use, value, or marketability of such real estate; (v) Purchase Money Liens securing Purchase Money Obligations (or rent) and Capital Leases, in each case, to the extent permitted under Section 5 .1; (vi) Liens in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders securing the Obligations; (vii) Liens in favor of Revolving Agent securing all obligations, indebtedness and liabilities of the Credit Parties under the Revolving Loan Agreement in an amount not to exceed the Maximum Priority Revolving Loan Debt; (viii) Liens existing on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 9 of the Perfection Certificate dated as of the Closing Date; (ix) (A) pledge or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation (other than any Lien being registered or enforced in respect of any Priority Payables and other than any Lien imposed by ERISA), (B) pledges and deposits in the ordinary course of business securing liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance and (C) Liens on insurance premium returns and insurance proceeds granted in favor of insurance companies in connection with the financing of insurance premiums with respect thereto in the ordinary course of business; (x) deposits and Liens to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, governmental contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money), statutory obligations, surety, stay, indemnity, customs and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature (including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations) incurred in the ordinary course of business; (xi) Liens that are contractual rights of set-off (A) solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by any Credit Party, in each case, which set-off rights are granted in the ordinary course of business in favor of the depository bank or financial institution with which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts owing to such bank or institution with respect to cash management and operating account arrangements, including those involving pooled accounts and netting arrangements, provided that, in no case shall any such Liens secure (either directly or indirectly) the repayment of any Indebtedness (other than (1) Indebtedness up to the Maximum Priority Revolving Debt Amount to the extent one of the Lenders under the Revolving Loan Agreement, or an Affiliate of such a Lender, is the applicable depository bank or financial institution and such Lien is subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, and (2) Indebtedness (that does not constitute Indebtedness for borrowed money) that is owed to any depository or cash management bank that provides cash management services to the Credit Parties), (B) solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by any Credit Party, in each case, which set-off rights relate to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Credit Parties or any Subsidiary (so long as such Subsidiary remains a Subsidiary) to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, provided that, in no case shall any such Liens secure (either directly or indirectly) the repayment of any Indebtedness (other than (1) Indebtedness up to the Maximum Priority Revolving Debt Amount to the extent one of the Lenders under the Revolving Loan Agreement, or an Affiliate of such a Lender, is the applicable depository bank or financial institution and such Lien is subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, and (2) Indebtedness (that does not constitute Indebtedness for borrowed money) that is owed to any depository or cash management bank that provides cash management services to the Credit Parties), or (C) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of a Credit Party or any of their Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; (xii) the filing of Code and PPSA financing statements solely as a precautionary measure in connection with operating leases entered into by a Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; (xiii) Liens in connection with the cash collateralization of the Existing Letters of Credit (and any replacements thereof), so long as the amount secured thereunder does not exceed 105 of the aggregate face amount of such Existing Letters of Credit (or such replacement letters of credit); (xiv) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of applicable Requirements of Law to secure payment of custom duties in connection with the importation of goods in the 
 S CHEDULE A - 25 

 ordinary course of business; (xv) non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property and other intellectual property rights in the ordinary course of business and not interfering in any material respect with the business of any Credit Party, and (xvi) Liens described in clause (b) of the definition of Excluded Assets. Person means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization, association, corporation, limited liability company, institution, public benefit corporation, entity or government (whether federal, state, provincial, territorial, county, city, municipal or otherwise, including any instrumentality, division, agency, body or department thereof), and shall include such Person s successors and assigns. PIK Rate means the per annum rate equal to (a) Adjusted Term SOFR, plus (b) the Applicable Margin, minus (c) 10 per annum. Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the IRC or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate is or, within the preceding five years, was an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. Pledge Agreement means that certain Pledge Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Credit Parties and the Agent pledging as Collateral for the Obligations any Ownership Interests of Subsidiaries owned by each Credit Party other than those Ownership Interests constituting Excluded Assets, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Pledged Securities shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Credit Party, (i) all issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each issuer set forth in the Perfection Certificate as being owned by such Credit Party and all options, warrants, rights, agreements and additional Equity Interests of whatever class of any such issuer acquired by such Credit Party (including by issuance), together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Credit Party relating to such Equity Interests in each such issuer or under any Organizational Document of each such issuer, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such Equity Interests and any and all interest of such Credit Party in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such Equity Interests, (ii) all Equity Interests of any Subsidiary, which Equity Interests are hereafter acquired by such Credit Party (including by issuance) and all options, warrants, rights, agreements and additional Equity Interests of whatever class of any such Subsidiary acquired by such Credit Party (including by issuance), together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Credit Party relating to such Equity Interests or under any Organizational Document of any such Subsidiary, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such Equity Interests and any and all interest of such Credit Party in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such Equity Interests, from time to time acquired by such Credit Party in any manner, and (iii) all Equity Interests issued in respect of the Equity Interests referred to in clause (i) or (ii) upon any consolidation, merger or amalgamation of any issuer of such Equity Interests; provided , however , that Pledged Securities shall not include any Equity Interests which are not required to be pledged pursuant to Section 3.28 or that constitute Excluded Assets . Post-Closing Organization Chart has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(s) . Power means Global Power Professional Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Power of Attorney means each Power of Attorney of the Credit Parties delivered to Agent as of the Closing Date in substantially the form of Exhibit D and any Power of Attorney delivered to the Agent after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 1.12 . PPSA means the Personal Property Security Act (British Columbia) (and other equivalent personal property security legislation in any other applicable Canadian province or territory) and the regulations thereunder, as from time to time in effect, provided, however, if attachment, perfection or priority of the Agent s or any Lender s security interest in any Collateral is governed by the personal property security laws of any jurisdiction in Canada other than British Columbia, with respect to such Collateral, PPSA shall mean those personal property security laws in such other jurisdiction of Canada (including the Civil Code of Qu bec and the regulation respecting the register of personal and movable real rights thereunder) for the purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such attachment, perfection or priority and for the definitions related to such provisions. 
 S CHEDULE A - 26 

 Pre-Closing Organization Chart has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(s) . Preferred Stock shall mean, with respect to any Person, any and all preferred or preference Equity Interests (however designated) of such Person whether now outstanding or issued after the Closing Date. Preferred Stock Issuance shall mean the issuance or sale by any Credit Party of any Preferred Stock after the Closing Date (other than (x) as permitted by Section 5.1 or (y) any Excluded Issuance). Prepayment has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.2(b) . Priority Payables means (a) the full amount of the liabilities of any Credit Party which (i) have a trust imposed to provide for payment or a security interest, pledge, Lien, hypothec or charge ranking or capable of ranking senior to or pari passu with security interests, Liens, hypothecs or charges securing the Obligations on any Collateral under any federal, provincial, state, county, district, municipal, local or foreign law or (ii) have a right imposed to provide for payment ranking or capable of ranking senior to or pari passu with the Obligations under federal, provincial, state, county, district, municipal, local or foreign law, regulation or directive, including, but not limited to, claims for unremitted and/or accelerated rents, taxes, wages, withholdings taxes, value added taxes, amounts payable to an insolvency administrator, employee withholdings or deductions, vacation pay, severance and termination pay, workers compensation obligations, government royalties or pension obligations in each case to the extent such trust, or security interest, Lien, hypothec or charge has been or may be imposed, including under the Wage Earner Protection Program Act (Canada), and (b) the amount equal to the aggregate value of the inventory which the Agent, in good faith, and on a reasonable basis, considers is or may be subject to retention of title by a supplier or a right of a supplier to recover possession thereof, where such supplier s right has priority over the security interests, Liens, hypothecs or charges securing the Obligations, including, without limitation, inventory subject to a right of a supplier to repossess goods pursuant to Section 81.1 of the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada) or any applicable laws granting revendication or similar rights to unpaid suppliers or any similar laws of Canada or any other applicable jurisdiction. Pro Forma Basis shall mean on a basis in accordance with GAAP and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Agent. Proceeds means proceeds, as such term is defined in the Code or the PPSA, as applicable, and, in any event, shall include: (i) any and all proceeds of any insurance, indemnity, warranty or guarantee payable to any Grantor from time to time with respect to any Collateral; (ii) any and all payments (in any form whatsoever) made or due and payable to any Grantor from time to time in connection with any requisition, confiscation, condemnation, seizure or forfeiture of any Collateral by any governmental body, authority, bureau or agency (or any Person acting under color of governmental authority); (iii) any recoveries by any Grantor against third parties with respect to any litigation or dispute concerning any Collateral, including claims arising out of the loss or nonconformity of, interference with the use of, defects in, or infringement of rights in, or damage to, Collateral; and (iv) any and all other amounts, rights to payment or other property acquired upon the sale, lease, license, exchange or other disposition of Collateral (excluding amounts and rights to payment arising from the rental of any of the Collateral to customers of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or distributors) and all rights arising out of Collateral. Property means any interest in any kind of property or asset, whether real, personal or mixed, and whether tangible or intangible. Protective Advance Percentages means, as to any Lender and as of any date of determination, the percentage determined by dividing (a) the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then held by such Lender, by (b) the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then held by all Lenders. Purchase Money Lien means any Lien upon any fixed assets that secure the Purchase Money Obligations related thereto but only if such Lien shall at all times be confined solely to the assets the purchase price of which was financed or refinanced through the incurrence of the Purchase Money Obligations secured by such Lien (and the proceeds thereof) and only if such Lien secures only such Purchase Money Obligations. Purchase Money Obligations means for any Person the obligations of such Person in respect of Indebtedness incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price of any property (including Equity Interests of any Person) or the cost of installation, construction or improvement of any property and any refinancing thereof; provided , however , 
 S CHEDULE A - 27 

 that (i) such Indebtedness is incurred within one year after such acquisition, installation, construction or improvement of such property by such Person and (ii) the amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed 100 of the cost of such acquisition, installation, construction or improvement, as the case may be. Qualified Capital Stock means of any Person any Equity Interests of such Person that are not Disqualified Capital Stock. Real Property shall mean, collectively, all right, title and interest (including any leasehold, mineral or other estate) in and to any and all parcels of or interests in real property owned, leased or operated by any Person, whether by lease, license or other means, together with, in each case, all easements, hereditaments and appurtenances relating thereto, all improvements and appurtenant fixtures and equipment, all general intangibles and contract rights and other property and rights incidental to the ownership, lease or operation thereof. Recipient means Agent and any Lender. Register has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(a) . Related Persons means, with respect to any Person, each Affiliate of such Person and each director, officer, employee, agent, trustee, representative, attorney, accountant and each insurance, environmental, legal, financial and other advisor and other consultants and agents of or to such Person or any of its Affiliates. Release means as to any Person, any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, injection, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, dumping, leaching or migration of Hazardous Materials in the indoor or outdoor environment by such Person, including the movement of Hazardous Materials through or in the air, soil, surface water, ground water or property. Rental Office means any rental office of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is not located in a Restricted Location. Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having at such time in excess of 50 of the sum of the aggregate Term Loan Commitments (or, if such Term Loan Commitments are terminated, the amount outstanding under the Term Loans) then in effect; provided, however, that at any time when there are two (2) or more Lenders, Required Lenders shall require at least two (2) Lenders. For purposes of calculation of Required Lenders, a Lender and any of its Affiliates that are also a Lender, and their respective Term Loan Commitments and/or holdings of the Term Loans, shall be deemed to be a single Lender with a single consolidated Term Loan Commitment and/or holding a single consolidated Term Loan. Requirement of Law means as to any Person, the Certificate or Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws or other Organizational Documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case, binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. Responsible Officer means, with respect to any Person (other than an individual), any officer at the level of vice president or higher of, but in any event, with respect to financial matters, the chief financial officer, chief accounting officer, treasurer or controller of such Person. Restricted Locations has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.21(c) . Restricted Payment means: (a) the declaration or payment of any dividend or the incurrence of any liability to make any other payment or distribution of cash or other property or assets on or in respect of Borrower s or any other Credit Party s Stock, (b) any payment or distribution made in respect of any subordinated Indebtedness of Borrower or any other Credit Party in violation of any subordination or other agreement made in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, (c) any payment on account of the purchase, redemption, defeasance or other retirement of Borrower s or any other Credit Party s Stock or Indebtedness or any other payment or distribution made in respect of any thereof, either directly or indirectly; other than (i) that arising under this Agreement, (ii) interest and principal, when due without acceleration or modification of the amortization as in effect on the Closing Date, under Indebtedness (not including subordinated Indebtedness, payments of which shall be permitted only in accordance with the terms of the 
 S CHEDULE A - 28 

 relevant subordination agreement made in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders) permitted under Sections 5.1 (provided that any payments made by Credit Parties on the Permitted Koontz-Wagner Pension Plan Obligations shall not exceed 300,000 per Fiscal Year), (iii) payments and prepayments with respect to Indebtedness under the Revolving Loan Agreement in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Maximum Priority Revolving Loan Debt as of any date of determination and otherwise permitted pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, or (d) any payment, loan, contribution, or other transfer of funds or other property to any holder of Stock of such Person which is not expressly and specifically permitted in this Agreement; provided that any payment to Agent or any Lender shall not constitute a Restricted Payment. Revolving Agent means PNC Bank, National Association. Revolving Loan Agreement means that certain Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among Revolving Agent, the Credit Parties party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, as amended, restated, supplemented and/or modified to the extent permitted by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. Revolving Loan Documents has the meaning assigned to the term Other Documents under the Revolving Loan Agreement. SBA means the United States Small Business Administration and any successor thereto. SBA Forms means, collectively, SBA forms 480, 652 and 1031. SBA Side Letter means a Small Business Investment Company side letter among the Borrower and the SBICs (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time accordance with its terms) in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and the Borrower. SBIC means Agent or certain of its Affiliates that is a Federal licensee under the Act. SDN List has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Second Amendment means that certain Second Amendment to this Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Credit Parties, the Agent and the Lenders party thereto. Second Amendment Effective Date means December 30, 2022. Secretarial Certificate means each Secretarial Certificate of the Credit Parties delivered to Agent as of the Closing Date in substantially the form of Exhibit C and any Secretarial Certificate delivered to the Agent after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 1.12 . SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (d) of the definition of Base Rate . Solvent means, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) the assets of such Person, at a fair valuation, exceed its liabilities, including contingent liabilities, (b) the remaining capital of such Person is not unreasonably small to conduct its business and (c) such Person will not have incurred debts, and does not have the present intent to incur debts, beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature. For purposes of this definition, debt means any liability on a claim, and claim means any (i) right to payment, whether or not such right is reduced to judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, legal, equitable, secured or unsecured, or (ii) right to an equitable remedy for breach of performance if such breach gives rise to a right to payment, whether or not such right to an equitable remedy is reduced to judgment, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, secured or unsecured. In computing the amount of contingent liabilities of any 
 S CHEDULE A - 29 

 Person on any date, such liabilities shall be computed at the amount that, in the reasonable judgment of the Agent in light of all facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount of such liabilities that reasonably can be expected to become actual or matured liabilities. Specified Canadian Account means the bank account of the Credit Parties with TD Canada Trust with account number as previously identified to Agent in writing with account number ending 5675. Stated Maturity Date means December 16, 2025. Steam means Steam Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Stock means all certificated and uncertificated shares, options, warrants, membership interests, general or limited partnership interests, participation or other equivalents (regardless of how designated) of or in a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or equivalent entity whether voting or nonvoting, including common stock, preferred stock, beneficial interests in a trust or any other equity security (as such term is defined in Rule 3a11-1 of the General Rules and Regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act) or other equity interests in any Person. Stock Equivalents means all securities convertible into or exchangeable for Stock or any other Stock Equivalent and all warrants, options or other rights to purchase, subscribe for or otherwise acquire any Stock or any other Stock Equivalent, whether or not presently convertible, exchangeable or exercisable. Subordinated Creditors means each of Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP I as payee under the Subordinated Notes and in any related capacity under the Subordinated Loan Documents. Subordinated Debt means the Indebtedness issued under the Subordinated Loan Documents. Subordinated Guaranty means, individually and collectively, (a) that certain Guaranty, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, by and among Guarantors and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP, and (b) that certain Guaranty, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, by and among Guarantors and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP I. Subordinated Note means, individually and collectively, each of those certain Unsecured Promissory Notes, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, by and among Holdings as maker thereunder and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP or Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP I, as applicable, as payee thereunder. Subordinated Loan Documents means each Subordinated Note, each Subordinated Guaranty, the Subordination Agreement, and any other documents entered into in connection with the foregoing, in each case, as the same may from time to time be amended, restated, or otherwise modified or replaced in accordance with the terms of the applicable Subordination Agreement. Subordination Agreement means a Subordination Agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent which sets forth subordination terms applicable to the Subordinated Debt. Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, (i) any corporation of which an aggregate of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding Stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, Stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, owned legally or beneficially by such Person and/or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, or with respect to which any such Person has the right to vote or designate the vote of more than fifty percent (50 of such Stock whether by proxy, agreement, operation of law or otherwise, and (ii) any partnership or limited liability company in which such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person has an equity interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than fifty percent (50 or of which any such Person is a general partner or manager or may exercise the powers of a general partner or manager. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary 
 S CHEDULE A - 30 

 or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary of Holdings. In no event shall the term Subsidiary include a Permitted Joint Venture or Koontz-Wagner Custom Control Holdings LLC. Subsidiary Guarantor means each direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower as of the Closing Date and each other direct or indirect Subsidiary that becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 1.12 , in each case other than any Unrestricted Subsidiary. Substitute Lender has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.14(a) . Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. Term Loan has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.1 . Term Loan Commitment means any Closing Date Term Loan Commitment and any Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment. Term Note has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.1 . Term SOFR means, (a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for an interest period of three (3) months for each quarter as determined on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such quarter, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided , however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such interest period has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such interest period as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such interest period was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day; and (b) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for an interest period of one (1) month as determined on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided , however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable interest period has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such interest period as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such interest period was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day. Term SOFR Adjustment means (a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, a percentage equal to 0.26161 per annum, and (b) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan, a percentage equal to 0.11448 per annum. Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion). Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. Termination Date means the date on which all Obligations under this Agreement are paid in full, in cash (other than contingent obligations not yet due and payable), and Borrower shall have no further right to borrow any moneys or obtain other credit extensions or financial accommodations from the Lenders under this Agreement. 
 S CHEDULE A - 31 

 Threshold Amount means 500,000. Third Amendment means that certain Third Amendment to this Agreement, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Credit Parties, the Agent and the Lenders party thereto. Third Amendment Effective Date means January 9, 2023. Title IV Plan means a pension plan subject to Title IV of ERISA, other than a Multiemployer Plan, to which any ERISA Affiliate incurs or otherwise has any obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise. Total Leverage Ratio shall mean, at any date of determination, the ratio of Consolidated Indebtedness on such date to Consolidated EBITDA for the trailing twelve (12) Fiscal Month period most recently ended. Trademarks means all of the following now owned or hereafter adopted or acquired by any Person: (i) all trademarks, trade names, corporate names, business names, trade styles, service marks, logos, other source or business identifiers, prints and labels on which any of the foregoing have appeared or appear, designs and general intangibles of like nature (whether registered or unregistered) all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, including all registrations, recordings and applications in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the Canadian Intellectual Property Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any state or territory thereof, or any other country or any political subdivision thereof: (ii) all reissues, extensions or renewals thereof; and (iii) all goodwill associated with or symbolized by any of the foregoing. Transaction Documents means, collectively, the Revolving Loan Documents and the Loan Documents. Transactions means, collectively, the transactions to occur on or prior to the Closing Date pursuant to the Transaction Documents, including (a) the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents and the initial borrowings hereunder; (b) the incurrence of the Indebtedness under the Revolving Loan Agreement; (c) reserved; (d) reserved; (e) the refinancing of all existing Indebtedness on the Closing Date (other than Indebtedness that is permitted under this Agreement); and (f) the payment of all fees and expenses to be paid on or prior to the Closing Date and owing in connection with the foregoing. Transferred Guarantor has the meaning given to such term in Section 11.9 . Unrestricted Subsidiaries means, to the extent not required to be a Guarantor hereunder, each Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary. USA PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56). U.S. Borrower means a Borrower that is a U.S. Person. U.S. Credit Party means a Credit Party that is a U.S. Person. U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the IRC. U.S. Publicly-Traded Entity has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 8(b)(ii)(C) . Voluntary Prepayment has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.2(b) . Voting Stock means, with respect to any Person, any class or classes of Equity Interests pursuant to which the holders thereof have the general voting power under ordinary circumstances to elect at least a majority of the Board of Directors of such Person. Wholly Owned Subsidiary means, as to any Person, (a) any corporation 100 of whose capital stock (other than 
 S CHEDULE A - 32 

 directors qualifying shares) is at the time owned by such Person and/or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person and (b) any partnership, association, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity in which such Person and/or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person have a 100 equity interest at such time. Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Section 4203 and Section 4205 of ERISA. Withholding Agent means Borrower and Agent. Any accounting term used in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents shall have, unless otherwise specifically provided therein, the meaning customarily given such term in accordance with GAAP, and all financial computations thereunder shall be computed, unless otherwise specifically provided therein, in accordance with GAAP consistently applied; provided , that all financial covenants and calculations in the Loan Documents shall be made in accordance with GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date unless Borrower and Agent shall otherwise specifically agree in writing. That certain items or computations are explicitly modified by the phrase in accordance with GAAP shall in no way be construed to limit the foregoing. All other capitalized terms contained in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, but not defined herein or therein, shall, unless the context indicates otherwise, have the meanings provided for by the Code or the PPSA, as the context may require. The words herein, hereof and hereunder or other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole, including the exhibits and schedules thereto, as the same may from time to time be amended, modified or supplemented, and not to any particular section, subsection or clause contained in this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the following additional rules of construction shall apply, unless specifically indicated to the contrary: (a) wherever from the context it appears appropriate, each term stated in either the singular or plural shall include the singular and the plural; (b) the term or is not exclusive; (c) the term including (or any form thereof) shall not be limiting or exclusive; (d) all references to statutes and related regulations shall include any amendments of same and any successor statutes and regulations; and (e) all references to any instruments or agreements, including references to any of the Loan Documents, shall include any and all modifications or amendments thereto and any and all extensions or renewals thereof. Any term defined in this Agreement by reference to the Code shall also have any extended, alternative or analogous meaning given to such term in the PPSA and under other Canadian laws (including, without limitation, the Securities Transfer Act (British Columbia) and the other securities transfer legislation in effect from time to time in any of province or territory of Canada, the Bills of Exchange Act (Canada) and the Depository Bills and Notes Act (Canada)), in all cases for the extension, preservation or betterment of the security and rights of the Agent and the Lenders, (ii) all references in this Agreement to a financing statement, financing change statement, continuation statement, amendment or termination statement shall be deemed to refer also to the analogous documents used under the PPSA, including, without limitation, where applicable, financing change statements and (iii) all references to federal or state securities law of the United States shall be deemed to refer also to analogous federal, provincial and territorial securities laws in Canada. [Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank] 
 S CHEDULE A - 33 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 4
 wlms-20221231xex10d15.htm
 EX-10.15

Exhibit 10.15 EXECUTION VERSION FOURTH AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT FOURTH AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of February 24, 2023 (this Amendment ), by and among Williams Industrial Services Group Inc., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company WISG ), Williams Industrial Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WISI ), Williams Specialty Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WSS ), Williams Plant Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WPS ), Williams Global Services, Inc., a Georgia corporation Global ), Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company Construction , and together with Holdings, WISG, WISI, WSS, WPS, Global, Construction, each a Borrower and, collectively, Borrower ), Global Power Professional Services Inc. a Delaware corporation Power ), GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company GPEG ), Steam Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Steam ), WISG Canada Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Canada ), WISG Nuclear Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Nuclear ), WISG Electrical Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Electrical ), WISG Electrical, LLC, a New York limited liability company WISG Electrical NY , and together with Power, GPEG, Steam, WISG Canada, WISG Nuclear, and WISG Electrical, each a Guarantor and, collectively, Guarantor ), the Required Lenders, and EICF AGENT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as agent on behalf of the Lenders under the Loan Agreement (hereinafter defined) (in such capacity, Agent ). W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, the Borrowers, the Guarantors and the other Credit Parties from time to time party thereto, the Lenders and the Agent are parties to that certain Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2020 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, renewed or replaced from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Loan Agreement ). WHEREAS, the Credit Parties have requested, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth below, each of Agent and the Required Lenders hereby agree to amend certain provisions of the Loan Agreement, and, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions to effectiveness set forth herein, the Agent and the Required Lenders are willing to do so, on the terms set forth herein. NOW THEREFORE, the Borrower, the Credit Parties signatory hereto, the Agent and the Required Lenders each hereby agree as follows: 1. Defined Terms . The recitals to this Amendment are hereby incorporated into the body of this Amendment. All capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Loan Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Loan Agreement. 2. Consent to Revolving Loan Agreement Amendment . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 10.4 of the Intercreditor Agreement or the Loan Agreement, the Agent hereby consents to the Revolving Agent and Credit Parties entering into, and performing their 

 obligations under, the Consent and Fourth Revolving Loan Agreement Amendment (as defined in Section 4 below). 3. Amendments . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4 hereof, the parties hereto agree that the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by incorporating the changes shown on the marked copy of the Loan Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (in each case, it being understood that language which appears struck out has been deleted and language which appears as double-underlined has been added). 4. Conditions to Effectiveness . The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to satisfaction of all of the following conditions precedent: (a) counterparts of this Amendment shall have been executed and delivered by the Borrower, the other Credit Parties signatory hereto and the Required Lenders; (b) the Agent shall have received Term Notes executed by Borrower in favor of each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender with respect to each Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan; (c) the Credit Parties, the Revolving Agent and the other parties thereto shall have entered into an amendment to the Revolving Loan Agreement and consent by the Revolving Agent to the execution and delivery of this Amendment, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, dated on or about the Fourth Amendment Effective Date (the Consent and Fourth Revolving Loan Agreement Amendment (d) the truth and accuracy of the representations and warranties contained in Section 5 hereof; (e) Except as provided in Section 6 , Agent shall have received a certificate of the secretary or assistant secretary of each Borrower delivering true, accurate and complete copies of: (i) its Organizational Documents (or, in lieu of providing copies of its Organizational Documents, certification that there has been no change since December 16, 2020, to its Organizational Documents and that such documents are in full force and effect on and as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date and no action for any amendment to such documents has been taken or is pending, and (ii) the resolutions authorizing its execution, delivery and full performance of this Amendment and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, and all other documents, certificates and actions required hereunder or in connection herewith; (f) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Agent and the Lenders an executed payment direction letter, authorizing the Lenders to disburse the proceeds of the Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan, which payment direction letter includes the wire instructions that set forth the locations to which such proceeds shall be sent; and (g) the Borrower shall have paid the reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses of Chapman and Cutler LLP, Agent s counsel, incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and other post-closing 
 2 

 services rendered in connection with the Loan Agreement on or prior to the date hereof, in each case to the extent payable under the terms of the Loan Agreement. 5. Representations, Warranties and Covenants . Each Credit Party signatory hereto hereby represents, warrants and covenants to Agent and each Lender as follows: (a) the execution, delivery and performance by each of the Credit Parties signatory hereto of this Amendment have been duly authorized by all necessary action, and do not and will not: (i) contravene the terms of any of that Person s Organizational Documents; (ii) conflict with or result in any material breach or contravention of, or result in the creation of any Lien under, any document evidencing any material Contractual Obligation to which such Credit Party is a party or any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority to which such Credit Party or its Property is subject; or (iii) violate any material Requirement of Law in any material respect; (b) such Credit Party has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Amendment and the Loan Agreement, as amended hereby; (c) this Amendment constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of each such Credit Party which is a party hereto enforceable against such Credit Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability; (d) after giving effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, each of the representations and warranties contained in the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents is true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof as if made on the date hereof (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such specific date); (e) after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default exists or would result from the transactions contemplated by this Amendment; and (f) a true, correct and complete copy of the Consent and Fourth Revolving Loan Agreement Amendment is attached hereto as Exhibit B . 6. Post-Closing Obligations . The Credit Parties shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Agent, or take, or cause to be taken, the documents, deliverables, actions or efforts set forth below, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, as promptly as practicable following the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, but in any event no later than the dates referred to below with respect to each such item (or, in each case, such later date as Agent shall agree in its sole discretion): 
 3 

 (a) Within five (5) Business Days following the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the Credit Parties shall deliver supplemental disclosure schedules to the Loan Agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent. (b) Within five (5) Business Days following the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the Credit Parties shall deliver to Agent a recently issued good standing certificate from applicable governmental authority of each such Credit Party s jurisdiction of incorporation or organization. (c) Within ten (10) Business Days following the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the Credit Parties shall deliver to Agent a certificate of the secretary or assistant secretary of WISG Canada, WISG Nuclear and WISG Electrical (each, a Canadian Guarantor and collectively, the Canadian Guarantors ): (i) certifying that there has been no change since December 16, 2020, to such Canadian Guarantor s Organizational Documents and that such documents are in full force and effect on and as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date and no action for any amendment to such documents has been taken or is pending, and (ii) delivering true, accurate and complete copies of the resolutions authorizing such Canadian Guarantor s execution, delivery and full performance of this Amendment and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, and all other documents, certificates and actions required hereunder or in connection herewith. 7. Loan Document . This Amendment is designated a Loan Document by Agent. 8. Full Force and Effect . Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing contained herein shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of compliance with any term or condition contained in the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. Except as expressly amended hereby, the Loan Agreement shall continue unmodified and in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions thereof on the date hereof. This Amendment shall be limited precisely as drafted and shall not imply an obligation on the Agent or any Lender to consent to any matter on any future occasion. As used in the Loan Agreement, the terms Agreement, this Agreement, this Loan Agreement, herein, hereafter, hereto, hereof and words of similar import shall mean, unless the context otherwise requires, the Loan Agreement as amended by this Amendment. 9. Reaffirmation . Each of the Credit Parties as debtor, grantor, pledgor, guarantor, assignor, or in other any other similar capacity in which such Credit Party grants Liens or security interests in its property or otherwise acts as an accommodation party or guarantor, as the case may be, hereby (i) ratifies and reaffirms all of its payment and performance obligations, contingent or otherwise, under each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party (after giving effect hereto) and (ii) to the extent such Credit Party granted Liens on or security interests in any of its property pursuant to any such Loan Document as security for or otherwise guaranteed the Borrower s Obligations under or with respect to the Loan Documents, ratifies and reaffirms such guarantee and grant of security interests and Liens and confirms and agrees that such security interests and Liens hereafter secure all of the Obligations as amended hereby. Each of the Credit Parties hereby consents to this Amendment and acknowledges that each of the Loan Documents remains in full force and effect, as modified hereby, and is hereby ratified and reaffirmed. The execution of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Agent or Lenders, constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Loan Documents except as expressly set forth herein or serve to effect a novation of the Obligations. 
 4 

 10. CHOICE OF LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL IN ALL RESPECTS BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND GOVERNED BY, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WHICH ARE APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED WHOLLY WITHIN SUCH STATE WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION. 11. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute but one instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to be as effective as an original signature page delivered manually. 12. Headings . The headings of this Amendment are for the purposes of reference only and shall not affect the construction of this Amendment. 13. Successors and Assigns . The provisions of this Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns; provided that none of the Credit Parties may assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Amendment without the prior written consent of the Agent. 14. Severability . The illegality or unenforceability of any provision of this Amendment or any instrument or agreement required hereunder shall not in any way affect or impair the legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Amendment or any instrument or agreement required hereunder. 15. Release of Claims . In consideration of the Required Lenders and the Agent s agreements contained in this Amendment, each Credit Party hereby irrevocably releases and forever discharge the Lenders and the Agent and their affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, assigns, directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants and attorneys (each, a Released Person of and from any and all claims, suits, actions, investigations, proceedings or demands, whether based in contract, tort, implied or express warranty, strict liability, criminal or civil statute or common law of any kind or character, known or unknown, which such Credit Party ever had or now has against Agent, any Lender or any other Released Person which relates, directly or indirectly, to any acts or omissions of Agent, any Lender or any other Released Person relating to the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document on or prior to the date hereof. Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, each Credit Party does not release any claim that a Credit Party may have to enforce the obligations of Agent or Lenders set forth in this Amendment. [Signature pages follow] 
 5 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their duly authorized officers, all as of the date and year first above written. AGENT AND LENDERS: EICF AGENT LLC , as Agent By: /s/ Harry Giovani Name: Harry Giovani Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

 ENERGY IMPACT CREDIT FUND I LP , as a Lender By: Energy Impact Credit Fund I GP LLC, its general partner By: /s/ Harry Giovani Name: Harry Giovani Title: Managing Partner 
 
 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

 CION INVESTMENT CORPORATION , as a Lender By: /s/ Gregg Bresner Name: Gregg Bresner Title: President Chief Investment Officer 
 
 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

 MURRAY HILL FUNDING II, LLC, as a Lender By: /s/ Gregg Bresner Name: Gregg Bresner Title: President 
 
 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

 CROWDOUT CAPITAL LLC, as a Lender By: /s/ Alexander Schoenbaum Name: Alexander Schoenbaum Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 CROWDOUT CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND LLC, as a Lender By: /s/ Alexander Schoenbaum Name: Alexander Schoenbaum Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

BORROWERS: WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC., as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary 

WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP, L.L.C., as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary 

WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES, LLC, as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Assistant Secretary 

WILLIAMS SPECIALTY SERVICES, LLC, as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Assistant Secretary 

WILLIAMS PLANT SERVICES, LLC, as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Assistant Secretary 
 
 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

WILLIAMS GLOBAL SERVICES, INC., as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary 

CONSTRUCTION MAINTENANCE PROFESSIONALS, LLC, as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary 
 
 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

GUARANTORS: GLOBAL POWER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES INC., as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: President 

GPEG, LLC, as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Vice President 

STEAM ENTERPRISES LLC, as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: President 

WISG CANADA LTD., as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary 

WISG NUCLEAR LTD., as Guarantor By: /s/ Damien A. Vassall Name: Damien A. Vassall Title: Chief Financial Officer 

WISG ELECTRICAL LTD., as Guarantor By: /s/ Damien A. Vassall Name: Damien A. Vassall Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 
 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

 WISG ELECTRICAL, LLC, a New York limited liability company, as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary 
 
 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

 Exhibit A Marked Loan Agreement See attached. 

CONFORMED COPY NOT EXECUTED IN THIS FORM INCORPORATING FIRST AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JUNE 30, 2022, SECOND AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF DECEMBER 30, 2022, AND THIRD AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 9, 2023 AND FOURTH AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 24, 2023 TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT DATED AS OF DECEMBER 16, 2020 AMONG EICF AGENT LLC, AS AGENT FOR THE LENDERS SIGNATORY HERETO, WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC., AS BORROWER AND THE OTHER CREDIT PARTIES SIGNATORY HERETO CHAPMAN AND CUTLER LLP 1270 Avenue of the Americas, 30th Floor New York, New York 10020 

TABLE OF CONTENTS P AGE 1. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT 1 1.1 Term Loan 1 1.2 Term and Prepayment 3 4 1.3 Use of Proceeds 6 1.4 Single Loan 6 1.5 Interest 6 1.6 Fees 7 1.7 Receipt of Payments; Taxes 7 8 1.8 Application and Allocation of Payments 8 9 1.9 Accounting 8 9 1.10 Indemnity 9 1.11 Rates 9 10 1.12 Joinder of New Subsidiaries as a Credit Party, Etc 9 10 1.13 Non-Funding Lenders 10 1.14 Substitution of Lenders 10 11 1.15 Inability to Determine Rates 11 2. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 11 12 2.1 Conditions to the Loan 11 12 3. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 15 3.1 Corporate Existence; Compliance with Law 15 3.2 Executive Offices, Registered Offices; Corporate or Other Names 15 16 3.3 Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations 15 16 3.4 Financial Statements; Books and Records 15 16 3.5 Material Adverse Change 16 3.6 Revolving Loan Documents; Subordinated Loan Documents 16 3.7 Subsidiaries 16 17 3.8 Government Regulation; Margin Regulations 16 17 3.9 Taxes; Charges 16 17 3.10 Payment of Obligations 17 3.11 ERISA and Canadian Pension Plans 17 3.12 Litigation 17 18 3.13 Intellectual Property 18 3.14 Full Disclosure 18 19 3.15 Environmental Liabilities 19 3.16 Insurance 19 20 3.17 Solvency 21 3.18 Other Financings 21 3.19 Conduct of Business 21 3.20 Further Assurances 21 22 3.21 Collateral/Maintenance of Property 21 22 3.22 Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Compliance 22 23 3.23 Reserved 23 24 3.24 Reserved 23 24 3.25 Landlord Agreements 23 24 3.26 Deposit Accounts; Cash Collateral Accounts 23 24 3.27 Reserved 25 3.28 After-acquired Property; Additional Collateral 25 3.29 Equity Interests and Subsidiaries 26 3.30 Security Documents 26 27 3.31 Borrowing Base-Related Reports 27 3.32 Government Contracts 27 28 3.33 Customer and Trade Relations 27 28 3.34 Bonding; Licenses 27 28 3.35 Affiliate Transactions 27 28 
 
 INDEX PAGE i 

 T ABLE O F C ONTENTS 

P AGE 3.36 Post-Closing Matters 27 28 3.37 Investment Company Act 28 29 3.38 Notice of Change in Investment Company Status 28 29 3.39 Braden Entities 28 29 3.40 Capital Provision Agreement 28 29 4. FINANCIAL MATTERS; REPORTS 28 29 4.1 Reports and Notices 28 29 4.2 Financial Covenants 31 32 4.3 Other Reports and Information 32 33 4.4 Revolving Loan Agreement Notices; Subordinated Loan Documents Notices 32 34 4.5 Reserved Additional Delivery Requirements 33 34 5. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 33 34 5.1 Indebtedness 33 34 5.2 Liens 34 35 5.3 Investments; Fundamental Changes 34 35 5.4 Asset Sales 35 36 5.5 Restricted Payments 35 37 5.6 Changes in Nature of Business 35 37 5.7 Transactions with Affiliates 36 37 5.8 Third-Party Restrictions on Indebtedness, Liens, Investments or Restricted Payments 36 37 5.9 Modification of Certain Documents 36 38 5.10 Accounting Changes; Fiscal Year 37 38 5.11 Changes to Name, Locations, Etc 37 38 5.12 Bank Accounts 37 38 5.13 Margin Regulations 37 38 5.14 Compliance with ERISA and Canadian Pension Plans 37 38 5.15 Hazardous Materials 37 38 5.16 Modifications to Revolving Loan Documents and Subordinated Debt 37 39 5.17 Inactive Subsidiaries 38 39 5.18 Compliance with Anti-Terrorism Laws 38 39 5.19 Sale-Leasebacks 38 39 5.20 Leases 38 40 5.21 Captive Insurance Subsidiaries 38 40 5.22 Payments under the Revolving Loan Agreement 39 40 6. SECURITY INTEREST 39 40 6.1 Grant of Security Interest 39 40 6.2 Agent s Rights 40 42 6.3 Agent s Appointment as Attorney-in-fact 41 42 6.4 Grant of License to Use Intellectual Property Collateral 41 42 6.5 Commercial Tort Claims 41 43 6.6 Duties of Agent 41 43 7. EVENTS OF DEFAULT: RIGHTS AND REMEDIES 42 43 7.1 Events of Default 42 43 7.2 Remedies 44 45 7.3 Waivers by Credit Parties 45 46 7.4 Proceeds 45 46 8. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS 45 46 9. AGENT 48 49 9.1 Appointment and Duties 48 49 9.2 Binding Effect 48 50 9.3 Use of Discretion 49 50 9.4 Delegation of Rights and Duties 49 50 9.5 Reliance and Liability 49 50 9.6 Agent Individually 50 51 
 
 INDEX PAGE ii 

 T ABLE O F C ONTENTS 

P AGE 9.7 Protective Advances 50 51 9.8 Expenses; Indemnities 50 52 9.9 Resignation of Agent 51 52 9.10 Release of Collateral 51 52 10. MISCELLANEOUS 51 53 10.1 Complete Agreement; Modification of Agreement 51 53 10.2 Expenses 53 54 10.3 No Waiver 53 55 10.4 Severability; Section Titles 54 55 10.5 Authorized Signature 54 55 10.6 Notices 54 55 10.7 Counterparts 54 56 10.8 Time of the Essence 54 56 10.9 GOVERNING LAW 54 56 10.10 SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 55 56 10.11 Press Releases 55 57 10.12 Reinstatement 56 57 10.13 USA PATRIOT Act Notice and Customer Verification 56 57 10.14 Sharing of Payments, Etc 56 57 10.15 Intercreditor Agreement 56 57 10.16 Confidentiality Agreements 56 57 10.17 Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 56 58 10.18 CION as Co-Lead Arranger 57 58 10.19 Judgment Currency 57 58 11. GUARANTEE 58 59 11.1 The Guarantee 58 59 11.2 Obligations Unconditional 58 59 11.3 Reinstatement 59 60 11.4 Subrogation; Subordination 59 60 11.5 Remedies 59 61 11.6 Instrument for the Payment of Money 59 61 11.7 Continuing Guarantee 59 61 11.8 General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations 60 61 11.9 Release of Guarantors 60 61 11.10 Right of Contribution 60 61 
 
 INDEX PAGE iii 

 INDEX OF EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES 

Schedule A - Definitions Schedule B - Schedule of Term Loan Commitments Schedule C - Agent s, Lenders and Credit Parties Addresses for Notices Schedule D - Closing Checklist Schedule E - Restricted Locations 

Disclosure Schedule (2) _ Capital Providers and Arbitration Proceedings Disclosure Schedule (2.1(e)(iii)) - [Reserved] Disclosure Schedule (3.2) - Places of Business; Corporate Names Disclosure Schedule (3.7) - Subsidiaries Disclosure Schedule (3.9) - Taxes Disclosure Schedule (3.11) - ERISA Disclosure Schedule (3.12) - Litigation Disclosure Schedule (3.13) - Intellectual Property Disclosure Schedule (3.15) - Environmental Matters Disclosure Schedule (3.16) - Insurance Disclosure Schedule (3.18) - Existing Indebtedness Disclosure Schedule (3.26) - Controlled Accounts Disclosure Schedule (3.32) - Government Contracts Disclosure Schedule (3.34) - Bonding; Licensing Disclosure Schedule (3.35) - Affiliate Transactions Disclosure Schedule (5.21) - Employee Compensation Disclosure Schedule (6.1) - Actions to Perfect Liens Disclosure Schedule (6.5) - Commercial Tort Claims 

Exhibit A - Form of Perfection Certificate Exhibit B - Form of Term Note Exhibit C - Form of Secretarial Certificate Exhibit D - Form of Power of Attorney Exhibit E - Form of Compliance Certificate Exhibit F - Form of Closing Certificate Exhibit G - Form of Solvency Certificate Exhibit H - Form of Joinder Agreement Exhibit I - Form of Assignment Agreement Exhibit J - Form of Delayed Draw Borrowing Request 
 
 INDEX PAGE iv 

 TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT This TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT is dated as of December 16, 2020, and agreed to by and among Williams Industrial Services Group Inc., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company WISG ), Williams Industrial Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WISI ), Williams Specialty Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WSS ), Williams Plant Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WPS ), Williams Global Services, Inc., a Georgia corporation Global ), Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company Construction , and together with Holdings, WISG, WISI, WSS, WPS, Global, Construction, each a Borrower and, collectively, Borrower ), Global Power Professional Services Inc. a Delaware corporation Power ), GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company GPEG ), Steam Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Steam ), WISG Canada Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Canada ), WISG Nuclear Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Nuclear ), WISG Electrical Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Electrical , and together with Power, GPEG, Steam, WISG Canada, WISG Nuclear, each a Guarantor and, collectively, Guarantor ), the other Credit Parties from time to time party hereto, EICF AGENT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as agent (in such capacity, Agent for the lenders set forth on Schedule B attached hereto and party hereto (each herein referred to as a Lender and collectively, the Lenders ), CION INVESTMENT CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation CION as a Lender and as co-lead arranger (in such capacity, the Co-Lead Arranger ), and the other Lenders from time to time party hereto. RECITALS A. The Credit Parties desire that Borrower obtain the Term Loans described herein from the Lenders and the Lenders are willing to provide the Term Loans all in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. B. Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in Schedule A and, for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the rules of construction set forth in Schedule A shall govern. All schedules, attachments, addenda and exhibits hereto, or expressly identified to this Agreement, are incorporated herein by reference, and taken together with this Agreement, constitute but a single agreement. AGREEMENT NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT 1.1 Term Loan . (a) Closing Date Term Loan . Each Lender agrees severally, but not jointly, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, to make to the Borrower an advance (each, a Closing Date Term Loan collectively, the Closing Date Term Loans on the Closing Date in the principal amount equal to such Lender s Closing Date Term Loan Commitment; provided, that each Lender with a Closing Date Term Loan Commitment shall (unless otherwise directed by Agent in writing, including via e-mail) disburse the proceeds of its Closing Date Term Loan made by such Lender to the Borrower directly (and not to the Agent for distribution to the Borrower), provided further, that each Lender shall provide to Agent any information reasonably requested by Agent regarding the Closing Date Term Loan made by such Lender. Each Lender s Term Loan (whether a Closing Date Term Loan made under this Section 1.1(a) or a Delayed Draw Term Loan made under Section 1.1(b) shall, if requested by such Lender at least 2 Business Days prior to the funding of the applicable Term Loan, be evidenced by a promissory note (each a Term Note duly executed and delivered by the Borrower prior to the funding of such Term Loan substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B , and be repayable in accordance with the terms of such Term Note and this Agreement. Borrower shall make payments on the Closing Date Term Loan in accordance with Section 1.1(c) and the other applicable provisions of this Agreement. Once repaid, any amount borrowed under the Closing Date Term Loan Commitment of each Lender may not be re-borrowed. All amounts owed hereunder with respect to the Term Loans shall be paid in full no later than the Maturity Date. After the funding of the Closing Date Term Loan by a Lender, the Closing Date Term Loan Commitments of such Lender shall immediately and automatically (without the necessity of further action) be reduced in the principal amount of the Closing Date Term Loan made by such Lender. 
 1 

 (b) Delayed Draw Term Loans . (i) Delayed Draw Term Loans Generally . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions in this Section 1.1(b) and this Agreement, (x) on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, by no later than 12:00 PM New York City time on such day, each Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender , severally, agrees to lend to Borrower, in one or more advances (each such advance, a Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan and collectively, the Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loans in a principal amount equal to the Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of such Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender, and (y) upon not less than fifteen five 15 5 Business Days (or such shorter period as Agent may agree in its absolute discretion) after delivery by Borrower to Agent of a Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request by no later than 1:00 PM New York City time on such day, each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender , severally, agrees may, in its sole and absolute discretion, at any time prior to the Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date, to lend to Borrower, in one or more advances (each such advance, a Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan and collectively, the Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loans , and together with any Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loans, each a Delayed Draw Term Loan and collectively, the Delayed Draw Term Loans , and the Delayed Draw Term Loans, together with any Closing Date Term Loans, each, a Term Loan , and collectively, the Term Loans or the Loan in a principal amount not to exceed the Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender; provided further , that each Delayed Draw Term Loan shall be made on a pro rata basis based on the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender as of the funding date of any Delayed Draw Term Loan relative to the aggregate amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments of the other Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders as of such funding date (or on such other basis as the Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders all agree); provided further , that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Loan Documents, each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender shall (unless otherwise directed by Agent in writing, including via e-mail) disburse the proceeds of each Delayed Draw Term Loan made by such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender to the Borrower directly (and not to the Agent for distribution to the Borrower), provided that each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender shall provide to Agent any information reasonably requested by Agent regarding any Delayed Draw Term Loan made by a Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender. Borrower agrees that each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender may satisfy any amounts owing to such Lender under the Fee Letters, by deducting such amounts from the proceeds of any Delayed Draw Term Loan made by such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender to Borrower. The Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders shall make no more than one three (3) Delayed Draw Term Loan Loans in any Fiscal Month. Any Delayed Draw Term Loan shall be in a minimum amount of Five Million Hundred Thousand Dollars 5,000,000 500,000 and multiples of One Hundred Thousand Dollars 100,000) in excess thereof (or such other amount as agreed to by all of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders with a remaining Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment); provided, that if the remaining Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments are less than Five Million Hundred Thousand Dollars 5,000,000 500,000 ), then the minimum amount of each Delayed Draw Term Loan shall be the maximum amount of the remaining Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments. Any Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request delivered by Borrower hereunder shall be irrevocable and binding on Borrower and shall obligate Borrower to accept the Delayed Draw Term Loans requested from the Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders on the proposed funding date. The Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments shall reduce to zero automatically on the Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date and no Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan shall be made on or after the Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date. The Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments shall reduce to zero automatically after the making of the Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loans on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date. After the funding of any Delayed Draw Term Loan by a Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender, the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender shall immediately and automatically (without the necessity of further action) be reduced in the principal amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan made by such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender. (ii) Conditions to Making of Delayed Draw Term Loans . The (x) obligation of each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender to make any Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent on the relevant funding date, both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to the making of any Fourth Delayed Draw Term Loan, and (y) the making of any Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan is subject to each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender s sole and absolute discretion and the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent on the relevant funding date, both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to the making of any Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan: 
 2 

 (A) Agent shall have received a Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request; (B) The representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and in each of the other Loan Documents, certificate or other writing delivered to the Agent pursuant thereto are true and correct in all material respects as of the applicable funding date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (except in each case (whether the applicable funding date or such earlier date) to the extent that such representation or warranty is qualified by Material Adverse Effect or any other materiality qualifier, in which case it is true and correct in all respects); (C) no Default or Event of Default exists and is continuing or would result therefrom; (D) the aggregate Delayed Draw Term Loan Funded Amount of all Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders would not exceed the aggregate Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments; (E) the Delayed Draw Term Loan Funded Amount of any Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender would not exceed such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender s Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment; (F) Borrower shall certify to Agent, and attach evidence to the Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request demonstrating, that immediately before and immediately after the making of the requested Delayed Draw Term Loan, (1) the Credit Parties are in compliance on a pro forma basis with the financial covenants set forth under Section 4.2 (based on the financial covenant levels for the testing period then most recently ended or, in the case of any proposed Delayed Draw Term Loan to be made prior to first date on which the financial covenants are tested under Section 4.2, for the period ending on such first date) , and (2) the Total Leverage Ratio (determined on a pro forma basis after the making of such Delayed Draw Term Loan) shall not exceed 3.25:1.00; and ; (G) the proceeds of the Delayed Draw Term Loan shall only be used for Permitted Acquisitions or working capital of the Credit Parties ; and (H) (1) solely with respect to any Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan, Borrower shall have satisfied each condition set forth in Section 4 to the Fourth Amendment, and (2) solely with respect to any Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan, Borrower shall (aa) have complied with the provisions of Section 4.5 as of the relevant funding date and (bb) shall use commercially reasonable best efforts to actively receive Net Cash Proceeds from Equity Issuances or Subordinated Debt issuances in an amount equal to at least 500,000 on terms acceptable to the Agent and the Lenders . Each Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request submitted by Borrower to Agent shall constitute a representation and warranty by Borrower hereunder, as of the date such Delayed Draw Term Loan is requested to be made, that all of the conditions in this Section 1.1(b) are satisfied . It is understood and agreed that, notwithstanding the Credit Parties meeting the conditions set forth in this Section 1.1(b), the Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan facility is an uncommitted facility and the Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders may, in their sole and absolute discretion, elect to not fund any Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loans for any reason whatsoever . (c) Principal Repayments of the Term Loans . On each Payment Date occurring on and after April 1, 2024, Borrower shall make principal payments on the Term Loans to the Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders in quarterly installments equal to the sum of (x) 437,500 (such amount being equal to 1.25 of the 35,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Closing Date Term Loans), plus (y) 1.25 of the aggregate initial principal amounts of all Delayed Draw Term Loans that have been made prior to the applicable Payment Date, which sum shall be payable on the first day of each calendar quarter (each such date, a Payment Date ). Borrower shall repay the entire outstanding balance of the Loan on the Stated Maturity Date. Amounts repaid or prepaid on any of the Term Loans may not be reborrowed. 1.2 Term and Prepayment . (a) Upon the Maturity Date of the Loan, Borrower shall pay to Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders (i) all outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest on the Loan plus , without duplication of 
 3 

 amounts paid pursuant to Section 1.2(b), 1 of the then outstanding principal balance of the Loan and (ii) all other Obligations relating to the Loan then due to or incurred by Agent or the Lenders. (b) On any Payment Date, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred hereunder, Borrower shall have the right upon thirty (30) calendar days prior written notice to Agent, to make a voluntary prepayment (a Voluntary Prepayment of all or a portion (in a minimum amount of 1,000,000 and integrate multiples of 100,000 in excess thereof) of the principal amount of all of the Term Loans then outstanding. If the Borrower elects to prepay the Term Loans pursuant to this Section 1.2(b) or otherwise, or if the Term Loans are mandatorily prepaid in whole or in part pursuant to any other clause of this Section 1.2 (each, a Mandatory Prepayment and together with any Voluntary Prepayment, the Prepayments ), the Borrower shall pay to the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders a prepayment fee as follows: (i) in the case of any Prepayment (other than under Section 1.2(f) or (h) made prior to August 3, 2023, 3 of the principal Loan amount being prepaid on the date of such Prepayment; (ii) in the case of any Prepayment (other than under Section 1.2(f) or (h) made on or after August 3, 2023 and prior to August 3, 2024, 2 of the principal Loan amount being prepaid on the date of such Prepayment; and (iii) in the case of any Prepayment (other than under Section 1.2(f) or (h) made on or after August 3, 2024, 1 of the principal Loan amount being prepaid on the date of such Prepayment. (c) Asset Sales and Casualty Events . Not later than five (5) Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds of any Asset Sale or any Casualty Event by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, Credit Parties shall make Mandatory Prepayments of the Obligations to be applied thereto in accordance with Section 1.8 in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds; provided , that such Net Cash Proceeds shall not be required to be applied as a mandatory prepayment on such date to the extent that (x) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (y) Credit Parties have delivered an Officers Certificate to the Agent on or prior to such date stating that such Net Cash Proceeds are expected to be reinvested in fixed or capital assets within six (6) months following the date of such Asset Sale or Casualty Event (which Officers Certificate shall set forth the estimates of the proceeds to be so expended); provided , that (A) all such Net Cash Proceeds that are proposed to be reinvested shall be held in a cash collateral deposit account under the exclusive dominion and control of the Agent (and Agent shall, for the avoidance of doubt, have the sole and exclusive right to direct and/or give instructions to the depository institution regarding the disposition of funds in such account) (such account, the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account and constitute Term Loan Priority Collateral under the Intercreditor Agreement, and (B) if all or any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds is not so reinvested within such six (6)-month period, such unused portion shall be applied on the last day of such period (or the Maturity Date, if earlier) as a Mandatory Prepayment as provided in this Section 1.2(c) ; provided , further , that if the property subject to such Asset Sale or such Casualty Event constituted Collateral, then all property purchased with the Net Cash Proceeds thereof pursuant to this subsection shall be made subject to the Lien created pursuant to this Agreement in favor of the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders in accordance with Sections 3.20 and 3.28 . Nothing contained in this Section 1.2(c) shall permit any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries to effect any Asset Sale other than in accordance with Section 5.4 . (d) Debt Issuance or Preferred Stock Issuance . Not later than one (1) Business Day following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds of any Debt Issuance (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall exclude the Subordinated Debt issued on or about (x) the Third Amendment Effective Date and (y) the Fourth Amendment Effective Date in an amount not to exceed 500,000 or Preferred Stock Issuance by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, at the election of Agent, Borrower shall make Mandatory Prepayments of the Obligations to be applied thereto in accordance with Section 1.8 in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds. The provisions of this Section 1.2(d) shall not be an implied consent to any such issuance otherwise prohibited by the terms of this Agreement. (e) Equity Issuance . Not later than three (3) Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds of any Equity Issuance (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall exclude Equity Issuance issued on or about the Fourth Amendment Effective Date in an amount not to exceed 500,000) , Borrower shall make Mandatory Prepayments of the Obligations to be applied thereto in accordance with Section 1.8 in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds. The provisions of this Section 1.2(e) shall not be an implied consent to any such issuance otherwise prohibited by the terms of this Agreement. 
 4 

 (f) Prepayments from Excess Cash Flow . On the date that the Borrower s financial statements are required to be delivered to Agent under Section 4.1 for the periods ending December 31 of each calendar year, beginning with the financial statements for the period ending December 31, 2021, the Borrower shall deliver a certificate (the Excess Cash Flow Certificate ), executed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower, to Agent and the Lenders which shall set forth the calculation of Excess Cash Flow for such period and irrevocably offer and agree to prepay the Obligations in an amount equal to (x) with respect to the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2023 and each Fiscal Year thereafter, seventy-five percent (75 of Excess Cash Flow, less (y) all Voluntary Prepayments made during such calendar year on the Term Loans; provided that, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, no such prepayments shall be required unless Excess Cash Flow for such year equals or exceeds 500,000, at which point the Borrower shall cause to be prepaid an aggregate principal amount of Loans equal to the applicable percentage of Excess Cash Flow as set forth herein from the first dollar. The Borrower shall make any Prepayment under this clause (f) on the date that is ten (10) Business Days after the date that Borrower s financial statements are required to be delivered to Agent under Section 4.1 for the period ending December 31 of each calendar year. Excess Cash Flow for each calendar year shall be calculated on the basis of the financial statements delivered to Agent pursuant to the Section 4.1 for the period ending on the last day of such calendar year. Each Lender may accept or reject the offer to prepay the Obligations made pursuant to this Section 1.2(f) by causing a written notice of such acceptance or rejection to be delivered to Agent on or before the second day prior to the date the Prepayment is due. A failure by a Lender to respond to an offer to prepay made pursuant to this Section 1.2(f) on or before such date shall be deemed to constitute an acceptance of such offer. All such prepayments from Excess Cash Flow shall be applied to the Obligations in accordance with Section 1.8 . (g) Reserved . (h) Arbitration Recovery Proceeds and Other Extraordinary Receipts . (i) Not later than three (3) Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds from an Arbitration Recovery (such Net Cash Proceeds calculated after giving effect to the payment of all obligations owing by the Borrower to the litigation finance partner pursuant to written agreements between the Borrower and such litigation partner, costs, fees and expenses incurred or payable by the Borrower in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding including, without limitation, all legal costs and disbursements incurred or made by the Borrower in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding), Borrower shall make Mandatory Prepayments of the Obligations to be applied thereto in accordance with Section 1.8 in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds; provided , that all such Net Cash Proceeds shall immediately upon receipt by Borrower, prior to the making of any Mandatory Prepayment in accordance with the foregoing, be held in the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account and constitute Term Loan Priority Collateral under the Intercreditor Agreement. Any Net Cash Proceeds of an Arbitration Recovery shall immediately upon receipt by Borrower be deposited in the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account and, unless applied as a Mandatory Prepayment in accordance with this Section 1.2(h), remain on deposit in such Term Loan Priority Collateral Account, including (in respect of any prepayment that is declined by any of the Lenders under Section 1.2(i)) in the period (if any) from and after the time any of the Lenders decline a proposed prepayment of such Net Cash Proceeds, subject, until an Activation Notice has been delivered to the applicable depository in respect of the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account, to the Borrower s right to use those Net Cash Proceeds in accordance with the Loan Documents. (ii) Not later than three (3) Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds from any Extraordinary Receipts (other than (A) from an Arbitration Recovery, and (B) so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, the Proceeds from the Chubb Proceedings and/or the Koontz-Wagner Bankruptcy Proceedings), Borrower shall make Mandatory Prepayments of the Obligations to be applied thereto in accordance with Section 1.8 in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds. (i) Lender Option to Decline Prepayment . With respect to any Mandatory Prepayment required pursuant to this Section 1.2 , any Lender, at its option, may elect not to accept such prepayment as provided below. The 
 5 

 Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify the Agent of any event giving rise to a prepayment under Section 1.2 at least five (5) Business Days prior to the date of such prepayment. Each such notice shall specify the expected date of such prepayment and provide a reasonably detailed estimated calculation of the amount of such prepayment that is required to be made under this Section 1.2 (the Prepayment Amount ). The Agent will promptly notify each Lender of the contents of any such prepayment notice so received from the Borrower, including the date on which such prepayment is expected to be made by the Borrower (the Prepayment Date ). Any Lender may decline to accept all or any portion of its share of any such prepayment (any such Lender, a Declining Lender by providing written notice to the Agent no later than two (2) Business Days after the date of such Lender s receipt of notice from the Agent regarding such prepayment. If any Lender does not give a notice to the Agent on or prior to such second Business Day informing the Agent that it declines to accept the applicable prepayment, then such Lender will be deemed to have accepted such prepayment. On any Prepayment Date, an amount equal to the Prepayment Amount including the portion thereof allocable to Declining Lenders, in each case for such Prepayment Date, shall be paid to the Agent by the Borrower and applied by the Agent ratably to prepay the applicable Loan owing to Lenders (other than Declining Lenders) in the manner described in Section 1.8 for such prepayment. The portion of such Prepayment Amount that was allocated to any Declining Lender shall be applied pro rata to the Lenders who have not declined their share of such Prepayment Amount. 1.3 Use of Proceeds . Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Loan (i) to refinance on the Closing Date, prior indebtedness, (ii) for working capital purposes and other corporate purposes, and (iii) to pay any fees associated with transactions contemplated under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 1.4 Single Loan . The Loan and all of the other Obligations shall constitute one general obligation of Borrower secured by all of the Collateral. 1.5 Interest . (a) Borrower shall pay interest to Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders on the outstanding balance of the Loan at a per annum rate equal to (i) from the Closing Date until December 31, 2022, LIBOR plus the Applicable Margin, and (ii) from and after January 1, 2023, Adjusted Term SOFR plus the Applicable Margin. All computations of interest on the Loan shall be made by Agent on the basis of a three hundred and sixty (360) day year, in each case for the actual number of days occurring in the period for which such interest is payable. In no event will Agent charge interest at a rate that exceeds the highest rate of interest permissible under any law that a court of competent jurisdiction shall, in a final determination, deem applicable. (b) Interest shall be payable on the balance of the Loan (i) quarterly in arrears and shall be due on the first day of each calendar quarter (subject, solely in the case of the calendar quarter commencing January 1, 2023, to the adjustment noted in the following sentence), (ii) on the Maturity Date of the Loan, and (iii) if any interest accrues or remains payable after the Maturity Date of the Loan, upon demand by Agent. For each Payment Date occurring from and including January 1, 2023 until and including January 1, 2024, interest shall be payable in cash and payable in-kind as follows: (x) 10 per annum shall be paid in cash and (y) (i) solely in the case of the calendar quarter commencing January 1, 2023, on January 9, 2023 (a) LIBOR, plus (b) the Applicable Margin, minus (c) 10 per annum, shall be paid-in-kind on (be capitalized, compounded and thereby increase) the outstanding principal amount of the Loan (as such principal amount is increased from time to time) on January 9, 2023 as if such interest was paid-in-kind and the principal amount of the Loan increased by the paid-in-kind interest on January 1, 2023 (i.e., the paid-in-kind interest is due and payable on January 9, 2023, but from and after January 9, 2023 is deemed to have increased the Loan amount by the applicable paid-in-kind interest amount as of January 1, 2023 such that the interest payable on the April 1, 2023 Payment Date for the entire quarter ending March 31, 2023 shall accrue based on the principal amount of the Loan as if the paid-in-kind interest was paid on January 1, 2023); and (ii) for each other Payment Date in such period, the PIK Rate shall be paid-in-kind on (be capitalized, compounded and thereby increase) the outstanding principal amount of the Loan (as such principal amount is increased from time to time) on each such Payment Date. For each Payment Date occurring after April 1, 2024, all interest shall be payable in cash. (c) Effective upon the occurrence of any Event of Default and for so long as any Event of Default shall be 
 6 

 continuing, the interest rate applicable to the Loan shall automatically be increased by two percent (2.0 per annum (such increased rate, the Default Rate ), and all outstanding Obligations, including accrued but unpaid interest (to the extent permitted under applicable law), shall continue to accrue interest from the date of such Event of Default until the earlier of (x) the date on which such Obligations are paid in full and (y) the date on which such Event of Default ceases to be continuing, at the Default Rate applicable to such Obligations. (d) If any payment to the Agent or any Lender under this Agreement becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, such Payment Date shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and interest thereon shall be payable at the then applicable rate during such extension. (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 1.5 , if a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final order that the rate of interest payable hereunder exceeds the highest rate of interest permissible under law (the Maximum Lawful Rate ), then so long as the Maximum Lawful Rate would be so exceeded, the rate of interest payable hereunder shall be equal to the Maximum Lawful Rate; provided , however , that if at any time thereafter the rate of interest payable hereunder is less than the Maximum Lawful Rate, Borrower shall continue to pay interest hereunder at the Maximum Lawful Rate until such time as the total interest received by Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders is equal to the total interest that would have been received had the interest rate payable hereunder been (but for the operation of this paragraph) the interest rate payable since the Closing Date as otherwise provided in this Agreement. In no event shall the total interest received by Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders pursuant to the terms hereof exceed the amount that Agent could lawfully have received had the interest due hereunder been calculated for the full term hereof at the Maximum Lawful Rate. (f) For the purposes of the Interest Act (Canada), (i) whenever a rate of interest or fee rate hereunder is calculated on the basis of a year (the deemed year that contains fewer days than the actual number of days in the calendar year of calculation, such rate of interest or fee rate shall be expressed as a yearly rate by multiplying such rate of interest or fee rate by the actual number of days in the calendar year of calculation and dividing it by the number of days in the deemed year, (ii) the principle of deemed reinvestment of interest shall not apply to any interest calculation hereunder and (iii) the rates of interest stipulated herein are intended to be nominal rates and not effective rates or yields. (g) On the earlier to occur of (i) the Maturity Date, (ii) the Termination Date, (iii) any acceleration of the Obligations in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, (iv) termination of this Agreement by any party hereto in accordance with the terms hereof, the Borrower shall pay Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders, additional interest in an amount equal to the sum of (x)(i) the aggregate amount of all Delayed Draw Term Loans made by the Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders as of such date, multiplied by (ii) 50 , plus (y) 350,000. For the avoidance of doubt, amounts due under this Section 1.5(g) shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any amounts due under Section 1.2 of this Agreement, if any. 1.6 Fees . Borrower agrees to pay to Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders: (a) the fees set forth in that certain (i) EIP Fee Letter, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among Agent and the Borrower, (ii) CION Fee Letter, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among Agent and the Borrower and (iii) CrowdOut Fee Letter, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among Agent and the Borrower (collectively, each as may be amended, the Fee Letters ), in each case, when such fees are due and payable; (b) all fees, costs and expenses of closing due and owing and presented as of the Closing Date, including without limitation, those relating to (i) Agent s due diligence review and evaluation of the transaction, (ii) the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of the Loan Documents, (iii) the closing of the Transactions, (iv) all appraisal, audit, environmental, title work, travel, inspection, surveys, filing, search and registration fees, (v) any loan, escrow, recording and transfer fees and taxes (as applicable), and (vi) Agent s counsel reasonable fees and expenses relating to any of the foregoing; and 
 7 

 (c) additional interest (the Third Amendment Additional Interest in an amount equal to 254,167.48 (such amount being equal to 1.00 of the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans as of the date that is 1 Business Day prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date), which Third Amendment Additional Interest shall be paid in kind and added to the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans on the Third Amendment Effective Date, which Third Amendment Additional Interest shall be payable to the Agent for the ratable benefit of each Lender that has delivered an executed signature page to the Third Amendment on or prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date. Under the First Amendment to this Agreement, additional interest of 175,000 was paid by Borrower to the Agent on the effective date of such First Amendment. Under such First Amendment, this additional interest was, due to administrative error, incorrectly referred to as an amendment fee, but is hereby deemed to constitute additional interest as of the date it was paid. The Borrower agrees that any fees due and payable by the Borrower on the Closing Date, or on the funding date of any Delayed Draw Term Loan, may be satisfied by the Agent, or the Delayed Draw Term Lenders making such Delayed Draw Term Loan, deducting or setting off the amount of such fees from the proceeds of the Term Loan funded to the Borrower on the Closing Date, or on such funding date of a Delayed Draw Term Loan, and by Agent paying such fees to the Persons to whom such fees are owed (or each Lender paying such fees to itself in the case that the Lender funds a Term Loan to the Borrower directly, and not by first funding Agent before a Term Loan is funded to Borrower). 1.7 Receipt of Payments; Taxes . (a) Borrower shall make each payment under this Agreement (not otherwise made pursuant to Section 1.8 without set-off, counterclaim or deduction and free and clear of all Taxes not later than 1:00 PM New York City time on the day when due in lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds to an account specified by the Agent in writing, except as required by applicable law. If a Withholding Agent shall be required by applicable law to deduct any Taxes from any payment to any Recipient under any Loan Document, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by Borrower shall be increased so that, after making all required deductions (including such deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 1.7 ), the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to that which it would have received had no such deductions been made. Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 1.7 , Borrower shall deliver to Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to Agent. (b) If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to Section 1.7(a) or Section 1.10 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to Section 1.7(a) ), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under Sections 1.7(a) and Section 1.10 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this Section 1.7(b) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 1.7(b) , in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this Section 1.7(b) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This Section 1.7(b) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 8 

 1.8 Application and Allocation of Payments. Except as otherwise provided in the Intercreditor Agreement, Borrower irrevocably agrees that Agent shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply any and all payments against the then due and payable Obligations in such order as Agent may deem advisable; provided , however , that unless Agent elects otherwise any and all Mandatory Prepayments shall be applied against the then due and payable Obligations as follows: (a) first , against the remaining principal installments of the Term Loan (including the final installment on the Maturity Date) in inverse order of maturity until the principal on the Term Loans is paid in full; (b) second , to payment of all accrued unpaid cash interest on the Obligations; (c) third , to payment of costs and expenses, including attorneys fees, of Agent payable or reimbursable by Credit Parties under the Loan Documents; (d) fourth , to payment of any other amounts owing constituting Obligations; and (e) fifth , any remainder shall be for the account of and paid to whoever may be lawfully entitled thereto. Each of Lenders or other Persons entitled to payment shall receive an amount equal to its pro rata share of amounts available to be applied pursuant to clauses (a) , (b) , (d) and (e) above. 1.9 Accounting. Each Lender is authorized to record on its books and records the date and amount of the Loan and each payment of principal thereof and such recordation shall constitute prima facie evidence of the accuracy of the information so recorded. 1.10 Indemnity . Borrower and each other Credit Party executing this Agreement jointly and severally agree to indemnify and hold each Recipient and their Affiliates, and each of their respective employees, officers, attorneys, advisors and agents (each, an Indemnified Person ), harmless from and against any and all suits, actions, proceedings, claims, damages, demands, losses, liabilities and expenses of any kind or nature whatsoever (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements and other costs of investigation or defense, including those incurred upon any appeal) that may be instituted or asserted against or incurred by any such Indemnified Person as the result of credit having been extended, suspended or terminated under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or with respect to the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance and administration of, or in any other way arising out of or relating to, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any other documents or transactions contemplated by or referred to herein or therein and any actions or failures to act with respect to any of the foregoing, including any and all product liabilities, Environmental Liabilities, Indemnified Taxes (including, without duplication, Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under Section 1.7 or Section 1.10 and reasonable legal costs and expenses arising out of or incurred in connection with disputes between or among any parties to any of the Loan Documents (collectively, Indemnified Liabilities ), except to the extent that any such Indemnified Liability (x) is finally determined by a non-appealable court order by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted solely from such Indemnified Person s willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence, or (y) arises in a dispute among Indemnified Parties, to which the Borrower and Guarantors are not a party, and which dispute does not arise from any act or omission of the Borrower or any of the Borrower s affiliates (other than a claim against any agent or arranger solely in its capacity as an arranger or agent under the Loan Documents). NO INDEMNIFIED PERSON SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO ANY CREDIT PARTY, ANY SUCCESSOR, ASSIGNEE OR THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY OR ANY OTHER PERSON ASSERTING CLAIMS DERIVATIVELY THROUGH SUCH PARTY, FOR INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT MAY BE ALLEGED AS A RESULT OF CREDIT HAVING BEEN EXTENDED, SUSPENDED OR TERMINATED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR AS A RESULT OF ANY OTHER TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER. 1.11 Rates . The Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Agent may select information 
 9 

 sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 1.12 Joinder of New Subsidiaries as a Credit Party, Etc . As soon as possible (and in any event upon the earlier of (a) thirty (30) days after formation or (b) the date on which such Subsidiary owns any material assets) after the formation of any new Subsidiary of a Credit Party or simultaneously with the consummation of acquisition of any new Subsidiary of a Credit Party, Borrower shall take such actions as required by Section 3.28 and cause such new Subsidiary to become a Grantor and either a co-Borrower or Guarantor under this Agreement by having the following documents delivered to the Lenders: (i) a Secretarial Certificate, a Power of Attorney and a Joinder Agreement in the forms of Exhibits C , D and H attached hereto, respectively, duly completed, executed and delivered by such new Subsidiary, (ii) security and other collateral documents, filings and instruments with respect to such new Subsidiary of the types described on Schedule D attached hereto and such other collateral documents, filings and instruments with respect to such new Subsidiary necessary or desirable to create and perfect Liens in favor of Agent on the assets of such new Subsidiary, (iii) an opinion of counsel to such new Subsidiary, in form, substance and scope comparable to the legal opinion of Borrower s counsel delivered to Agent and Lenders on the Closing Date and (iv) an updated Disclosure Schedule (3.7) . Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Inactive Subsidiary shall form any new Subsidiary. 1.13 Non-Funding Lenders . Unless Agent shall have received notice from any Lender prior to the date such Lender is required to make any advance or payment hereunder with respect to the Loan that such Lender will not make such advance or payment (or any portion thereof) available to Agent or to Borrower to the extent required hereunder, Agent may assume that such Lender has made such payment available to Agent or Borrower, as applicable, on the date such advance or payment is required to be made in accordance with this Section 1 and Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. Borrower agrees to repay to Agent on demand such amount made available by Agent (until repaid by such Lender) with interest thereon for each day from the date such amount is made available to Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to Agent, at the interest rate applicable to the Obligation that would have been created when Agent made available such amount to Borrower had such Lender made a corresponding payment available; provided , however , that such payment shall not relieve such Lender of any obligation it may have to Borrower. In addition, any Lender that shall not have made available to Agent or Borrower, as applicable, any portion of any advance or payment described above (any such Lender, a Non-Funding Lender agrees to pay such amount, to the extent Agent made such amount available to Borrower, to Agent on demand together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to Agent, at the interest rate applicable at the time to the Term Loan. Such repayment shall then constitute the funding of the corresponding Loan (including any Loan deemed to have been made hereunder with such payment) or participation. The existence of any Non-Funding Lender shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations under any Loan Document, but no other Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any Non-Funding Lender to make any payment required under any Loan Document. 1.14 Substitution of Lenders . (a) Substitution Right . In the event that any Lender that is not an Affiliate of Agent (an Affected Lender ), (i) becomes a Non-Funding Lender with respect to the Loan or (ii) does not consent to any amendment, waiver or consent to any Loan Document for which the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained but that requires the consent of all Lenders, Borrower may either pay in full such Affected Lender with respect to amounts due on the Term Loan at par value of such Term Loan (and without any prepayment premium or other fee) of such Lender with the consent of Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) or substitute for such Affected Lender any other Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender or any other Person acceptable (which acceptance shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) to Agent (in each case, a Substitute Lender ). (b) Procedure . To substitute such Affected Lender or pay in full the Obligations owed to such Affected Lender under such Lender s Term Loan at par value (and without any prepayment premium or other fee), Borrower shall deliver a notice to Agent and such Affected Lender. The effectiveness of such payment or 
 10 

 substitution shall be subject to the delivery to Agent by Borrower (or, as may be applicable in the case of a substitution, by the Substitute Lender) of (i) payment for the account of such Affected Lender, of, to the extent accrued through, and outstanding on, the effective date for such payment or substitution, all Obligations owing to such Affected Lender with respect to such Lender s Term Loan at par value (and without any prepayment premium or other fee), and (ii) in the case of a substitution, (A) payment of the assignment fee set forth in Section 8(a) and (B) an assumption agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Agent whereby the Substitute Lender shall, among other things, agree to be bound by the terms of the Loan Documents and assume the Term Loan Commitments of the Affected Lender. (c) Effectiveness . Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in clause (b) above, Agent shall record such substitution or payment in the Register, whereupon (i) in the case of any payment in full of all Obligations owing to such Affected Lender, such Affected Lender s Term Loan Commitments (if not previously terminated) and the outstanding Term Loan shall be terminated and (ii) in the case of any substitution, (A) the Affected Lender shall sell and be relieved of, and the Substitute Lender shall purchase and assume, all rights and claims of such Affected Lender under the Loan Documents with respect to such Lender s Term Loan, except that the Affected Lender shall retain such rights expressly providing that they survive the repayment of the Obligations and the termination of the Term Loan Commitments, (B) the Substitute Lender shall become a Lender hereunder having a Term Loan Commitment (if not previously terminated) and the outstanding Term Loan in the amount of such Affected Lender s Term Loan Commitment and/or outstanding Term Loan as applicable, and (C) the Affected Lender shall execute and deliver to Agent an Assignment Agreement to evidence such substitution and deliver any Note in its possession with respect to its Term Loan; provided , however , that the failure of any Affected Lender to execute any such Assignment Agreement or deliver any such Note shall not render such sale and purchase (or the corresponding assignment) invalid. 1.15 Inability to Determine Rates . Subject to Section 10.17, if, on or prior to the first day of any quarter, either (a) the Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, or (b) the Required Lenders determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a SOFR Loan or a conversion thereto or a continuation thereof that Adjusted Term SOFR for any applicable interest period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making and maintaining such Loan, and the Required Lenders have provided notice of such determination to the Agent, then, in each case, the Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Upon notice thereof by the Agent to the Borrower, any obligation of the Lenders to make SOFR Loans, and any right of the Borrower to continue SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to SOFR Loans, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected interest periods) until the Agent (with respect to the foregoing clause (b), at the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected interest periods) or, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing or continuation of, or conversion to, Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein and (ii) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted into Base Rate Loans at the end of the applicable interest period. Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to this Agreement. Subject to Section 10.17, if the Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof on any given day, the interest rate on Base Rate Loans shall be determined by the Agent without reference to the clause of the definition of Base Rate that is based on Adjusted Term SOFR until the Agent revokes such determination. 2. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 2.1 Conditions to the Loan . No Lender shall be obligated to make a Term Loan on the Closing Date, unless and until all of the following conditions have been satisfied in a manner satisfactory to Agent in its sole discretion, or waived in writing by Agent: (a) Closing Checklist . The documents and other items or actions set forth on the Closing Checklist Schedule D shall have been duly executed and delivered, or completed by the appropriate parties, except where such Closing Checklist indicates that such document, item or action may be delivered or completed 
 11 

 after the Closing Date; (b) Insurance . Agent shall have received evidence satisfactory to it that the insurance policies provided for in Section 3.16 are in full force and effect, together with appropriate evidence showing loss payable or additional insured clauses or endorsements in favor of Agent as required under such Section; (c) Opinions of Counsel . Agent shall have received opinions of counsel to the Credit Parties with respect to this Agreement, the Notes and the other Loan Documents in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent; (d) Fees . Borrower has paid the fees under the Fee Letters due and payable on the Closing Date to Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders and shall have reimbursed Agent for all reasonable attorneys fees, and other costs and expenses of closing due and owing and presented as of the Closing Date (together with any estimates of any post-closing costs and expenses related to post-closing items, if any), each in immediately available funds, or authorized the Agent to deduct the fees due and payable on the Closing Date under the Fee Letters and such other fees, costs and expenses of closing from the amount of the Term Loan made on the Closing Date; (e) Reserved . (f) Representations and Warranties . Any representation or warranty by any Credit Party contained herein or in any of the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct (x) as stated as to representations and warranties which contain materiality limitations, and (y) in all material respects as to all other representations and warranties; except to the extent that any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case, such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date (x) as stated as to representations and warranties which contain materiality limitations, and (y) in all material respects as to all other representations and warranties; (g) Material Adverse Effect . No event or circumstance that has had or reasonably could be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect has occurred since December 31, 2019; (h) Default . No Default has occurred or is continuing or would result after giving effect to the Loan; (i) Financings and Other Transactions, etc. (i) The Transactions shall have been consummated or shall be consummated simultaneously on the Closing Date, in each case in all material respects in accordance with the terms hereof and the terms of the Transaction Documents. (ii) The Borrower shall have entered into the Revolving Loan Agreement with the Revolving Agent and the other parties thereto, providing for a revolving credit facility to Borrower with an aggregate revolving commitment amount of 30,000,000, and the Revolving Loan Documents shall be reasonably acceptable to Agent and Co-Lead Arranger. Agent (on behalf of the Lenders), on the one hand, and the Revolving Agent (on behalf of the secured parties under the Revolving Loan Documents) shall have entered into an Intercreditor Agreement (the Intercreditor Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and Co-Lead Arranger. (iii) The Agent shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to it that all Indebtedness of the Credit Parties existing prior to the Closing Date and not permitted under Section 5.1 shall have been paid in full from Proceeds of the Loan and/or Proceeds of the initial advance under the Revolving Loan Agreement, and that the commitment by any prior lender to make extensions of credit to the Credit Parties has been terminated to the satisfaction of the Agent with all liens in favor of such prior lenders being unconditionally released; the Agent shall have received a pay-off letter in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent with respect to all such Indebtedness being paid in full from such Proceeds and any such commitment to make extensions of credit terminated; and the Agent shall have received from any Person holding any Lien securing any such 
 12 

 debt, such UCC termination statements, mortgage releases, releases of assignments of leases and rents, releases of security interests in Intellectual Property and other instruments, in each case in proper form for recording, as the Agent shall have reasonably requested to release and terminate of record the Liens securing such debt. (j) Indebtedness and Minority Interests . After giving effect to the Transactions and the other transactions contemplated hereby, no Credit Party shall have outstanding any Indebtedness or preferred stock other than (i) the Loans hereunder, (ii) the Indebtedness under the Revolving Credit Agreement, (iii) the Indebtedness and preferred stock listed on Disclosure Schedule (3.18) , and (iv) any Indebtedness otherwise permitted under Section 5.1 . (k) Requirements of Law . The Credit Parties and the Transactions shall be in full compliance with all material Requirements of Law, including Regulations T, U and X of the Federal Reserve Board, and Agent shall have received satisfactory evidence of such compliance reasonably requested by it. (l) Consents . All requisite Governmental Authorities and third parties shall have approved or consented to the Transactions, and there shall be no governmental or judicial action, actual or threatened, that has or would have, singly or in the aggregate, a reasonable likelihood of restraining, preventing or imposing burdensome conditions on the Transactions or the other transactions contemplated hereby. (m) Litigation . There shall be no litigation, public or private, or administrative proceedings, governmental investigation or other legal or regulatory developments, actual or threatened, that, singly or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or could materially and adversely affect the ability of the Credit Parties to fully and timely perform their respective obligations under the Loan Documents or the ability of the parties to consummate the financings contemplated hereby or the other Transactions. (n) Sources and Uses . The sources and uses of the Loan shall be as set forth in Section 1.3 . (o) Personal Property Requirements . The Agent shall have received: (i) Unless provided otherwise in the Intercreditor Agreement, (A) all certificates, agreements or instruments representing or evidencing the Pledged Securities, and (B) original instruments of transfer and stock powers undated and endorsed in blank with respect to such certificates, agreements and instruments; (ii) all other certificates, agreements, or instruments necessary to perfect the Agent s security interest in all Chattel Paper, all Instruments, and all Investment Property of each Credit Party (to the extent required hereunder); (iii) UCC and PPSA financing statements in appropriate form for filing under the UCC and the PPSA, as applicable, filings with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, United States Copyright Office and the Canadian Intellectual Property Office, as applicable, and such other documents under applicable Requirements of Law in each jurisdiction as may be necessary or appropriate or, in the opinion of the Agent, desirable to perfect the Liens created, or purported to be created, hereunder; (iv) certified copies (to the extent applicable) of UCC, PPSA, United States Patent and Trademark Office and United States Copyright Office, Canadian Intellectual Property Office, Bank Act (Canada), tax and judgment lien searches, bankruptcy, execution and pending lawsuit searches or equivalent reports or searches, each of a recent date listing all effective financing statements, lien notices or comparable documents that name any Credit Party as debtor and that are filed in those federal, provincial, territorial, state and county jurisdictions in which any Credit Party is organized or maintains its chief executive office, registered office, principal place of business, property or assets with a value in excess of 100,000 and such other searches that are required by the Perfection Certificate or that the Agent deems necessary or appropriate, none of which encumber the Collateral 
 13 

 covered or intended to be covered hereunder (other than Permitted Liens or any other Liens acceptable to the Agent); and (v) evidence acceptable to the Agent of payment or arrangements for payment by the Credit Parties of all applicable recording taxes, fees, charges, costs and expenses required for the recording of Liens. (p) USA PATRIOT Act . The Lenders and the Agent shall have timely received the information required under Section 10.13 and background investigations of the Guarantors and the Borrower s management and the results thereof shall be satisfactory to Agent in its sole discretion. (q) Tax Analysis . Agent shall have completed a tax analysis of each Credit Party, the results of which shall be satisfactory to Agent in its sole discretion. (r) Capitalization Information . Agent shall have received from the Borrower, an accurate and complete, in all material respects, (i) list of the record shareholders of Holdings as maintained by Holdings and (ii) list of the shareholders holding at least 5 of the Equity Interests of Holdings (including the applicable ownership percentages), in each case, as of a recent date prior to the Closing Date. (s) Organization Chart . Agent shall have received from the Borrower an accurate and complete organization chart reflecting all of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries and joint ventures of Holdings (and any other Person in which Holdings or any of the foregoing Subsidiaries or joint ventures holds Equity Interests) (including the applicable ownership percentages) as of: (i) the date immediately prior to the Closing Date (the Pre-Closing Organization Chart ), and (ii) the date immediately following the Closing Date (the Post-Closing Organization Chart (collectively, the Organization Charts ). To the extent that the Pre-Closing Organization Chart is identical to the Post-Closing Organization Chart, the Borrower may certify to Agent that the Post-Closing Organization Chart is identical to the Pre-Closing Organization Chart. (t) Financial Requirements . (i) Minimum Liquidity . After giving pro forma effect to the Transactions, Liquidity shall be equal to or greater than 7,500,000. (u) Delivery of SBA Documents . The Borrower shall have delivered the following documents in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and each Lender that is an SBIC (and, as applicable, duly executed and dated as of the Closing Date or an earlier date satisfactory to such SBIC): (i) a Note; (ii) the SBA Side Letter; (iii) each duly executed and completed SBA Form; and (iv) such other documents or instruments as reasonably requested by such SBIC to comply with the Act. (v) Financial Information . The Borrower shall have delivered the following documents in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent: (i) Annual projections for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for 5 years, including monthly projections for at least the 24 months following the Closing Date; and (ii) Audited financial statements for the prior three Fiscal Years (including the most recently ended Fiscal Year) and unaudited financial statements for last 3 fiscal quarters, all for Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated and consolidating basis. 
 14 

 (iii) The Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Revolving Agent on the Closing Date. (iv) A pro forma balance sheet for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Agent. (v) Background checks on certain officers and members of management of the Borrower as determined by Agent and Co-Lead Arranger. (vi) Evidence of the solvency of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, pursuant to a form of solvency certificate in the form of Exhibit G hereto. 3. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS To induce Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to induce the Lenders to make the Loan, Borrower and each other Credit Party executing this Agreement, jointly and severally, represent and warrant to Agent and each Lender (each of which representations and warranties shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement), and promise to and agree with Agent and each Lender until the Termination Date as follows: 3.1 Corporate Existence; Compliance with Law . Each Grantor: (a) is, as of the Closing Date, and thereafter will continue to be (i) (A) a corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership, as applicable, duly organized, and validly existing (except as otherwise expressly permitted under Section 5.3) and (B) in good standing (or its equivalent) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (ii) duly qualified to do business and in good standing (or its equivalent) in each other jurisdiction where its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (iii) in compliance with all Requirements of Law, Contractual Obligations and Permits that are necessary or appropriate for the conduct of such Grantor s business, except to the extent failure to comply therewith could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (b) has and will continue to have (i) the requisite corporate power, or limited liability company power, as applicable, and authority and the legal right to (A) execute and deliver the Loan Documents, in each case, as of the date of execution and delivery of such Loan Documents to which it is a party, (B) perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (C) own, pledge, mortgage or otherwise encumber and operate its properties, to lease the property it operates under lease, and to conduct its business as now, heretofore or proposed to be conducted, and (ii) except as could not, individually, or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, all licenses, permits, franchises, rights, powers, consents or approvals from or by all Persons or Governmental Authorities having jurisdiction over such Grantor that are necessary or appropriate for the conduct of its business. 3.2 Executive Offices, Registered Offices; Corporate or Other Names .(a) Each Grantor s name as it appears in official filings in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) the type of entity of each Grantor, (c) the organizational identification number issued by each Grantor s jurisdiction of incorporation or organization or a statement that no such number has been issued, (d) each Grantor s jurisdiction of organization or incorporation, and (e) the location of each Grantor s chief executive office, registered office and locations of Collateral when not in use by a customer of any Grantor are as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.2) and, except as set forth in such Disclosure Schedule, such locations have not changed during the preceding twelve (12) months. As of the Closing Date, during the prior five (5) years, except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.2) , no Grantor has been known as or conducted business in any other name (including trade names) than the name of such Grantor set forth on the signature page hereto. Borrower has only one jurisdiction of incorporation or organization. 3.3 Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations . The execution, delivery and performance by each Grantor of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and the creation of all Liens provided for herein and therein: (a) are and will continue to be within such Grantor s power and authority; (b) have been and will continue to be duly authorized by all necessary or proper action; (c) are not and will not be in violation of any Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation of such Grantor; (d) do not and will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) upon any of the Collateral; and (e) do not and will not require the consent or approval of any Governmental Authority or any other Person, except any such consents or approvals that have been given or made and are in full force and effect. As of the Closing Date, each Loan Document shall have been duly executed and delivered on behalf of each Grantor party thereto, and each such Loan Document upon such execution and delivery shall be and 
 15 

 will continue to be a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Grantor, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, and other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally. 3.4 Financial Statements; Books and Records . (a) The annual, quarterly and monthly Financial Statements of the Grantors delivered pursuant to Section 4.1 present fairly in all material respects the financial condition of such Grantors as of the date of each such Financial Statement in accordance with GAAP (subject to normal year-end adjustments and to the absence of footnotes in the case of unaudited statements). (b) The Grantors shall keep proper books and records in which proper entries, reflecting all consolidated and consolidating financial transactions, will be made in accordance with GAAP and all Requirements of Law in all material respects of all financial transactions and the assets and business of each Grantor on a basis consistent with the Financial Statements. 3.5 Material Adverse Change . Between December 31, 2019 and the Closing Date, no events with respect to any Grantor have occurred that alone or in the aggregate has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation of any Grantor has or has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Grantor is in default, and to such Grantor s knowledge no third party is in default, under or with respect to any of its Contractual Obligations, that alone or in the aggregate has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 3.6 Revolving Loan Documents; Subordinated Loan Documents . With respect to the Term Loans, (i) the Borrower is permitted to incur such Term Loans under the Revolving Loan Documents and Subordinated Loan Documents, (ii) the Agent s Liens on the Collateral securing the Term Loans are permitted under the Revolving Loan Documents and and Subordinated Loan Documents, and (iii) the Borrower and each Credit Party are in compliance in all material respects with the Revolving Loan Documents, and Subordinated Loan Documents and no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing under such documents . As of the Third Amendment Effective Date, Agent has received true, correct and complete copies of the Revolving Loan Documents and the Subordinated Loan Documents. As of the Third Amendment Effective Date, None of the Revolving Loan Documents nor the Subordinated Loan Documents has been amended or supplemented, nor have any of the provisions thereof been waived, except pursuant to a written agreement or instrument which has heretofore been delivered to Agent. 3.7 Subsidiaries . Except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.7) , as of the Closing Date, no Credit Party has any Subsidiaries. The issued and outstanding Stock of each Credit Party (excluding all rights to purchase, options, warrants or similar rights or agreements pursuant to which any Credit Party may be required to issue, sell, repurchase or redeem any of its Stock) as of the Closing Date is accurately reflected in the organizational chart delivered pursuant to Section 3.29(c) and set forth in the Perfection Certificate or any supplement thereto (whichever was most recently delivered to Agent). 3.8 Government Regulation; Margin Regulations . No Grantor is subject to or regulated under any federal, state, provincial or territorial statute, rule or regulation that restricts or limits such Person s ability to incur Indebtedness, pledge its assets, or to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents. The making of the Loan, the application of the proceeds and repayment thereof, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents do not and will not violate any Requirement of Law. No Grantor is engaged, nor will it engage, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security as such terms are defined in Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board as now and hereafter in effect (such securities being referred to herein as Margin Stock ). No Grantor owns any Margin Stock, and none of the proceeds of the Loan or other extensions of credit under this Agreement will be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock or reducing or retiring any Indebtedness that was originally incurred to purchase or carry any Margin Stock. No Grantor will take or permit to be taken any action that could reasonably be expected to cause any Loan Document to violate any regulation of the Federal Reserve Board. 3.9 Taxes; Charges . Except as disclosed in Disclosure Schedule (3.9) , all tax returns, reports and statements required by any Governmental Authority to be filed by Borrower or any other Grantor have, as of the Closing Date, 
 16 

 been filed and will, until the Termination Date, be filed with the appropriate Governmental Authority and, as of the Closing Date, no tax Lien has been filed against any Grantor or any Grantor s property. Borrower and each Grantor has paid all federal, state, provincial and other taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves are being maintained in accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Disclosure Schedule (3.9) sets forth as of the Closing Date those taxable years for which any Grantor s tax returns are currently being audited by the IRS or any other applicable Governmental Authority and any assessments or assessments threatened in writing in connection with such audit, or otherwise currently outstanding. As of the Closing Date, no Grantor has agreed or been requested to make any adjustment under Section 481(a) of the IRC (or the comparable provisions of the Income Tax Act (Canada) in respect of a Canadian Credit Party), by reason of a change in accounting method or otherwise, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 3.10 Payment of Obligations . Each Grantor will pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or before they become delinquent, as the case may be, all of its material Charges and other obligations of whatever nature, except where the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and reserves in conformity with GAAP with respect thereto have been provided on the books of such Grantor and, except as otherwise notified to Agent in writing, no material portion of the Collateral is or could reasonably be expected to become subject to any Lien or forfeiture or loss as a result of such contest. 3.11 ERISA and Canadian Pension Plans . (a) No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other existing ERISA Events, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in Disclosure Schedule (3.11) , the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of the Grantors under each Plan (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent Financial Statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of such Plan by more than the Threshold Amount when aggregated with the potential Withdrawal Liability, and the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of all underfunded Plans (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Account Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent Financial Statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of such underfunded Plans by more than the Threshold Amount when aggregated with the potential Withdrawal Liability. No Grantor or ERISA Affiliate has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any Withdrawal Liability in excess of the Threshold Amount. (b) Each Grantor shall furnish to the Agent (x) as soon as possible after, and in any event within five (5) days after any Responsible Officer of any Credit Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates knows or has reason to know that, any ERISA Event has occurred that, alone or together with any other ERISA Event could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Credit Parties or any of their ERISA Affiliates in an aggregate amount exceeding the Threshold Amount or the imposition of a Lien, a statement of a Responsible Officer of such Credit Party or such ERISA Affiliate setting forth details as to such ERISA Event and the action, if any, that such Credit Party or such ERISA Affiliate proposes to take with respect thereto; (y) upon request by the Agent, copies of (i) each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) filed by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate with the IRS with respect to each Plan; (ii) the most recent actuarial valuation report for each Plan; (iii) all notices received by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan sponsor or any governmental agency concerning an ERISA Event; and (iv) such other documents or governmental reports or filings relating to any Plan (or employee benefit plan, as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, sponsored or contributed to by any Credit Party) as the Agent shall reasonably request and (z) promptly following any request therefor, copies of (i) any documents described in Section 101(k) of ERISA that any Credit Party or its ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan and (ii) any notices described in Section 101(1) of ERISA that any Credit Party or its ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan; provided , that if any Credit Party or its ERISA Affiliate has not requested such documents or notices from the administrator or sponsor of the applicable Multiemployer Plan, the applicable Credit Party or ERISA Affiliate shall promptly make a request for such documents or notices from such administrator or sponsor and shall provide copies of such 
 17 

 documents and notices promptly after receipt thereof. (c) No Grantor maintains or contributes to, or has in the past maintained or contributed to, a Canadian Pension Plan for its Canadian employees or former employees which contains a defined benefit provision, as defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada). 3.12 Litigation . Except as specifically disclosed in Disclosure Schedule (3.12) , there are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending, or to the knowledge of each Credit Party, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, against any Credit Party or any of their respective Properties which: (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any other Transaction Document or any of the Transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; or (b) would reasonably be expected to result in equitable relief or monetary judgment(s), individually or in the aggregate, in excess of the Threshold Amount. Except as set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.12 ), no injunction, writ, temporary restraining order or any order of any nature has been issued by any court or other Governmental Authority purporting to enjoin or restrain the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or Transaction Document, or directing that the transactions provided for herein or therein not be consummated as herein or therein provided. As of the Closing Date, except with respect to matters set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.12) , no Credit Party or any Subsidiary of any Credit Party is the subject of an audit or, to each Credit Party s knowledge, any review or investigation by any Governmental Authority (excluding the IRS and other taxing authorities) concerning the violation or possible violation of any Requirement of Law. Each Grantor shall notify Agent promptly in writing upon having knowledge of the existence, threat or commencement of any Litigation described in subsections (a) and (b) above or any such audit, review or investigation. 3.13 Intellectual Property . The Grantors own, or are licensed to use, all such Intellectual Property material to its business as currently conducted, except for such Intellectual Property the failure of which to so own or be so licensed could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Grantor will take all necessary steps to preserve its ownership and licenses in such Intellectual Property as may be necessary or required to permit Agent to sell, transfer, rent, or use the Collateral upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default. To permit Agent to sell, transfer, rent, or use the Collateral upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, each Grantor hereby grants to Agent an irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide license (exercisable without payment of royalty or other compensation to such Grantor), including in such license the right to sublicense, use and practice any Intellectual Property now owned or hereafter acquired by such Grantor and access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all software and programs used for the compilation or printout thereof. As of the Closing Date, the Grantors own or are licensed to use the Intellectual Property as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.13) . Each Grantor shall maintain the patenting and registration of all Intellectual Property with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the United States Copyright Office, the Canadian Intellectual Property Office or other appropriate Governmental Authority other than with respect to such Intellectual Property that, in the reasonable judgment of such Grantor, is determined to be uneconomical, negligible or obsolete in the conduct of its business. In the event that any Grantor becomes aware that any Intellectual Property material to the conduct of its business has been or is about to be infringed, misappropriated or diluted by a third party in any material respect, such Grantor promptly shall notify the Agent and shall take such actions as are appropriate under the circumstances to protect such Intellectual Property, including, if consistent with good business judgment, promptly suing for infringement, misappropriation or dilution, and to recover any and all damages for such infringement, misappropriation or dilution. 3.14 Full Disclosure . No information contained in any Loan Document, the Financial Statements or any written statement (other than matters of a general economic nature) furnished by or on behalf of any Grantor under any Loan Document, or to induce Agent and the Lenders to execute the Loan Documents (as such information has been amended, supplemented or superseded by any other information later delivered to the same parties receiving such information, provided that the delivery of such amended, supplemented or superseding information shall not cure any Event of Default arising under Section 7.1(b) other than with respect to this Section 3.14 ), when taken as a whole, 
 18 

 contains when furnished any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which they were made; provided, that with respect to projections and other forward-looking information, such Grantor represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by such Grantor to be reasonable at the time of preparation, it being understood that such projections may vary from actual results and that such variations may be material. 3.15 Environmental Liabilities . Except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.15) , as of the Closing Date, (a) no Grantor is subject to any Environmental Liabilities or, to any Grantor s knowledge, potential Environmental Liabilities, that could reasonably be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate and (b) no notice has been received by any Grantor identifying it as a potentially responsible party or requesting information under CERCLA or analogous state statutes, and to the knowledge of any Grantor, there are no facts, circumstances or conditions that may result in any Grantor being identified as a potentially responsible party under CERCLA or analogous state statutes, in each such case if such circumstance could reasonably be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate. Each Grantor: (i) shall comply in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws and environmental permits, (ii) shall notify Agent in writing within seven (7) days if and when it becomes aware of any Release, on, at, in, under, above, to, from or about any real property owned, leased or occupied by a Grantor if such Release could reasonably be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate, (iii) shall notify Agent in writing within seven (7) days if and when it becomes aware of any claims that could reasonably be expected to form the basis for any Environmental Liabilities that could reasonably be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate, and (iv) shall notify Agent in writing within seven (7) days if and when it becomes aware of any occurrences of non-compliance with Environmental Laws or environmental permits, to the extent any such failure to comply could reasonably be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate. Without limiting the foregoing, if an Event of Default is continuing or if Agent at any time has a reasonable basis to believe that there exist violations of Environmental Laws by any Grantor or that there exist any Environmental Liabilities, in each case, that would have, in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, then each Grantor shall, promptly upon receipt of request from Agent, cause the performance of, and allow Agent access to such real property for the purpose of conducting, such environmental audits and assessments, including subsurface sampling of soil and groundwater, and cause the preparation of such reports, in each case as Agent may from time to time reasonably request. Such audits, assessments and reports, to the extent not conducted by Agent shall be conducted and prepared by reputable environmental consulting firms reasonably acceptable to Agent and shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Agent. Each Credit Party has made available to Agent copies of all existing environmental reports, reviews and audits and all documents prepared since January 1, 2010 pertaining to actual or potential Environmental Liabilities, in each case to the extent such reports, reviews, audits and documents are in their possession, custody, control or otherwise available to the Credit Parties. 3.16 Insurance . As of the Closing Date, Disclosure Schedule (3.16) lists all insurance of any nature maintained by Borrower with respect to the Collateral as well as all liability insurance maintained by the Grantors, as well as a summary of the terms of such insurance. (a) Coverage . Without limiting any of the other obligations or liabilities of the Grantors under this Agreement, the Grantors shall, during the term of this Agreement, carry and maintain, at its own expense, at least the minimum insurance coverage set forth in this Section 3.16 . All insurance carried pursuant to this Section 3.16 shall be placed with such insurers (that are not Affiliates of the Grantors (including without limitation any Captive Insurance Subsidiary)) having a minimum A.M. Best rating of A-:VIII (or as may be otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Agent), be in such amounts as are customarily carried or maintained by similarly situated entities engaged in similar businesses, and be in such form, with terms, conditions, limits and deductibles as shall be reasonably acceptable to Agent. The insurance required to be carried and maintained by Grantors hereunder shall, in all events, include, without limitation, the following: (i) All Risk Property Insurance . The Grantors shall maintain, all risk property insurance covering against physical loss or damage, including but not limited to fire and extended coverage, collapse, flood (if required), earth movement and comprehensive boiler and machinery coverage (including electrical malfunction and mechanical breakdown). Coverage shall be written on a replacement cost basis in an amount reasonably acceptable to Agent; and, 
 19 

 (ii) Commercial General Liability Insurance . The Grantors shall maintain comprehensive general liability insurance written on an occurrence basis with a limit of not less than 1,000,000 per occurrence for bodily injury and/or property damage with an aggregate of 2,000,000. Such coverage shall include, but not be limited to, premises/operations, broad form contractual liability, products/completed operations, property damage and personal injury liability; and, (iii) Excess/Umbrella Liability Insurance . The Grantors shall maintain excess and/or umbrella liability insurance written on an occurrence basis in an amount not less than 20,000,000 providing coverage limits excess of the insurance limits required under subsection (a)(ii) . Such insurance shall follow the form of the primary insurances and drop down in case of exhaustion of underlying limits and/or aggregates. (b) Endorsements . The Grantors shall cause all insurance policies carried and maintained in accordance with this Section 3.16 to be endorsed as follows: (i) Agent, on behalf of Lenders, shall be named as lender s loss payee with respect to property policy described in subsection (a)(i) . Agent, on behalf of Lenders, shall be named as an additional insured with respect to liability policies described in subsections (a)(ii) and, to the extent allowed by applicable law, (a)(iii) . It shall be understood that any obligation imposed upon the Grantors, including but not limited to the obligation to pay premiums, shall be the sole obligation of the Grantors and not that of the Agent; and, (ii) With respect to the property policy described in subsection (a)(i) , the interests of the Agent shall not be invalidated by any action or inaction of any Grantor or any other Person, and shall insure the Agent regardless of any breach or violation by any Grantor or any other Person, of any warranties, declarations or conditions of such policies; and, (iii) If such insurance is canceled for any reason whatsoever, including nonpayment of premium, or any changes are initiated by the Grantors or the carrier which adversely affect the interests of the Agent, such cancellation or change shall not be effective as to the Agent until thirty (30) days (or 10 days, in the case of a cancellation resulting from the non-payment of any insurance premiums) after receipt by Agent of written notice from such insurer. (c) Insurance Reporting . On the Closing Date, and at each policy renewal, but not less than annually, the Grantors shall provide to the Agent reasonable evidence that shall identify the underwriters, the type of insurance, the limits, deductibles, and term thereof and shall specifically list the special provisions delineated in section (b) above for such insurance required for this Section 3.16 . (d) Reserved . (e) Notice to Agent . The Grantors shall notify the Agent immediately whenever any separate insurance concurrent in form or contributing in the event of loss with that required to be maintained under this Section 3.16 is taken out by any Credit Party; and promptly deliver to the Agent a copy of such policy or policies. (f) Flood Insurance . With respect to each Mortgaged Property (if any) located in the United States, the Grantors shall obtain flood insurance in such total amount as the Agent or the Required Lenders may from time to time require, if at any time the area in which any improvements located on any Mortgaged Property is designated a flood hazard area in any Flood Insurance Rate Map published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency), and otherwise comply with the National Flood Insurance Program as set forth in the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, as amended from time to time and all legislation, and rules and regulations thereunder, administered by the relevant local conservation authority with respect to flood plain management and other conservation matters. (g) Mortgaged Properties . No Credit Party that is an owner of any Mortgaged Property shall take any action that is reasonably likely to be the basis for termination, revocation or denial of any insurance coverage 
 20 

 required to be maintained under such Credit Party s respective Mortgage or that could be the basis for a defense to any claim under any insurance policy maintained in respect of the mortgaged properties, and each Credit Party shall otherwise comply in all material respects with all Insurance Requirements in respect of the mortgaged properties; provided , however , that each Credit Party may, at its own expense and after written notice to the Agent, (i) contest the applicability or enforceability of any such Insurance Requirements by appropriate legal proceedings, the prosecution of which does not constitute a basis for cancellation or revocation of any insurance coverage required under this Section 3.16 or (ii) cause the insurance policy containing any such Insurance Requirement to be replaced by a new policy complying with the provisions of this Section 3.16 . (h) Borrower shall direct all present and future insurers under its policies of insurance to pay all proceeds payable thereunder with respect to the Collateral directly to Agent for application, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, pursuant to Section 1.2(c) . If any insurance proceeds are paid by check, draft or other instrument payable to Borrower and Agent jointly, Agent may endorse Borrower s name thereon and do such other things as Agent may deem advisable to reduce the same to cash, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. 3.17 Solvency . Both before and after giving effect to (a) the Loan, the issuance of the Guarantees of the Obligations and the pledge of assets as security therefor by all of the Grantors, (b) the disbursement of the proceeds of the Loan pursuant to the instructions of the Borrower, and (c) the payment and accrual of all transaction costs in connection with the foregoing, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole are Solvent. 3.18 Other Financings . Except as disclosed in Disclosure Schedule (3.18) attached hereto or as otherwise permitted under Section 5.1 , none of the Credit Parties has outstanding as of the Closing Date any Indebtedness. 3.19 Conduct of Business . Each Grantor (a) shall conduct its business substantially as now conducted or as otherwise permitted hereunder, and (b) shall at all times maintain, preserve and protect all of the Collateral, except to the extent otherwise permitted under this Agreement and keep the same in good repair, working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty excepted, and make, or cause to be made, all necessary or appropriate repairs, replacements and improvements thereto consistent with manufacturer specifications and industry practices. 3.20 Further Assurances . At any time and from time to time, upon the written request of Agent and at the sole expense of the Grantors, the Grantors shall promptly and duly execute and deliver any and all such further instruments and documents and take such further action as Agent may reasonably deem necessary (a) to obtain the full benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (b) to protect, preserve and maintain Agent s rights in any Collateral and security interests or the equivalent under any foreign law, or (c) to enable Agent to exercise all or any of the rights and powers herein granted. 3.21 Collateral/Maintenance of Property . (a) Each Grantor holds and will continue to hold, subject to dispositions permitted under Section 5.3, 5.4, 5.5 or 5.7, good title to any of its property constituting the Collateral and none of such property is or will be subject to any Liens except Permitted Liens. (b) Each Grantor shall (i) maintain and preserve in all material respects in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty excepted, the Collateral and all other of its property necessary in the conduct of its business, and such Collateral shall be maintained, in all material respects, in accordance with all manufacturer s suggested and recommended maintenance procedures, including preventive maintenance, (ii) (A) to the extent necessary to the conduct of its business, obtain, maintain and preserve in full force and effect any NRC License or NQAP License, and (B) obtain, maintain and preserve all material rights, permits, licenses, approvals and privileges (including all Permits) (other than a NRC License or NQAP License) necessary, used or useful, whether because of its ownership, lease, sublease or other operation or occupation of property or other conduct of its business, and shall make all necessary or appropriate filings with, and give all required notices to, Governmental Authorities, except where the failure to make such filings or give such notices could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (iii) maintain the Collateral in compliance in all material respects with all applicable statutes, laws, 
 21 

 ordinances, regulations, standards, directives, orders, judgments and permits (including environmental) issued by any Governmental Authority, and (iv) promptly after request by Agent note or shall have noted Agent s Lien on all certificates of title (to the extent issued) of such Collateral, to the extent such Collateral is located in the United States or Canada and subject to motor vehicle registration requirements, provided that Agent shall not request such notation unless such Collateral has a fair market value in excess of 100,000 in the aggregate. (c) Collateral shall not be located in, in transit to or used by a customer, in any country, state, nation, or territory (i) listed on the Lists or otherwise under United States sanctions for conducting business or (ii) set forth on Schedule E hereto (as such Schedule E may be amended by written notice from time to time by Agent to Borrower on a prospective basis) (each a Restricted Location ). Upon an amendment to Schedule E pursuant to the forgoing sentence such that Collateral is located in a Restricted Location that was not located in a Restricted Location prior to such amendment, no Grantor shall extend or renew any rental agreements or enter into any new rental agreements which would cause the Collateral to be located in, in transit to or in use in a Restricted Location by a customer of such Grantor and such Grantor shall remove such Collateral from such Restricted Location within fifteen (15) days from the delivery of such notice or, if such Collateral is subject to a rental agreement with a customer of such Grantor at such time, fifteen (15) days from the end of the then current term of such rental agreement. When not in transit to or in use by a customer of any Grantor, the Collateral will primarily be located at the Chief Executive Office or a Rental Office. (d) Real Property . The Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date contain a true and complete list of each interest in Real Property (i) owned by any Credit Party as of the Closing Date and describes the type of interest therein held by such Credit Party and whether such owned Real Property is leased and if leased whether the underlying lease contains any option to purchase all or any portion of such Real Property or any interest therein or contains any right of first refusal relating to any sale of such Real Property or any portion thereof or interest therein and (ii) leased, subleased or otherwise occupied or utilized by any Credit Party, as lessee, sublessee, franchisee or licensee, as of the Closing Date and describes the type of interest therein held by such Credit Party and, in each of the cases described in clauses (i) and (ii) of this Section 3.21(d) , whether any lease requires the consent of the landlord or tenant thereunder, or other party thereto, to the Transactions. 3.22 Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Compliance . (a) No Credit Party and, after making due inquiry, no Material Holder of Holdings or customer of a Credit Party, is (i) listed on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List (the SDN List maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), Department of the Treasury, and/or on any other similar list maintained under any Canadian AML/Sanction Laws or otherwise Other Lists and, collectively with the SDN List, the Lists maintained by the OFAC pursuant to any authorizing statute, Executive Order or regulation (collectively, OFAC Laws and Regulations or (ii) a Person (a Designated Person either (A) included within the term designated national as defined in the Cuban Assets Control Regulations, 31 C.F.R. Part 515, or (B) designated under Sections 1(a), 1(b), 1(c) or 1(d) of Executive Order No. 13224, 66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (published September 25, 2001) or similarly designated under any related enabling legislation or any other similar Executive Orders (collectively, the Executive Orders ). The OFAC Laws and Regulations, the Canadian AML/Sanction Laws and the Executive Orders are collectively referred to in this Agreement as the Anti-Terrorism Laws . Each of the Credit Parties represents and warrants that it requires, and has taken reasonable measures to ensure compliance with the requirement, that no Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries is or shall be listed on any of the Lists or is or shall be a Designated Person. This Section 3.22 shall not apply to any Person to the extent that such Person s interest in the Borrower is through a U.S. Publicly-Traded Entity. As used in this Agreement, U.S. Publicly-Traded Entity means a Person (other than an individual) whose securities are listed on a national securities exchange, or quoted on an automated quotation system, in the United States, or a wholly-owned subsidiary of such a Person. (b) Each Credit Party represents and warrants that it has taken reasonable measures appropriate to the circumstances (and in any event as required by law), with respect to each Material Holder of a direct or indirect interest in such Credit Party, to assure that funds invested by such Material Holders in the Credit Parties are derived from legal sources Anti-Money Laundering Measures ). The Anti-Money 
 22 

 Laundering Measures have been undertaken in accordance with the Bank Secrecy Act, 31 U.S.C. 5311 et seq. BSA ), and all applicable laws, regulations and government guidance on BSA compliance and on the prevention and detection of money laundering violations under 18 U.S.C. 1956 and 1957 and the Canadian AML/Sanction Laws (collectively with the BSA, Anti-Money Laundering Laws ). (c) Each Credit Party represents and warrants to Agent and each Lender, to its actual knowledge after making due inquiry, that no such Credit Party or any Material Holder of a direct or indirect interest in such Credit Party (i) is under investigation by any Governmental Authority for, or has been charged with, or convicted of, money laundering under 18 U.S.C. 1956 and 1957, drug trafficking, terrorist-related activities or other money laundering predicate crimes, or any violation of the BSA or other Anti-Money Laundering Laws, (ii) has been assessed civil penalties under any Anti-Money Laundering Laws, or (iii) has had any of its funds seized or forfeited in an action under any Anti-Money Laundering Laws. (d) Each Credit Party represents and warrants to Agent and each Lender that it has taken reasonable measures appropriate to the circumstances (in any event as required by applicable law), to ensure that such Credit Party is in compliance with all applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws and laws, regulations and government guidance for the prevention of terrorism, terrorist financing and drug trafficking. (e) Each Credit Party and its respective directors, officers and employees and, to the knowledge of the applicable Credit Party, the agents of each Credit Party and their Subsidiaries, are in compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA and any other applicable anti-corruption law, including without limitation the UK Bribery Act, in all material respects. The Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries have instituted and maintained, and shall continue to maintain, policies and procedures designed to ensure continued compliance with the FCPA and any other applicable anti-corruption laws. 3.23 Reserved . 3.24 Reserved . 3.25 Landlord Agreements . Upon the request of Agent, each Grantor shall obtain a landlord or mortgagee waiver, as applicable, from the lessor of each leased property or mortgagee of any owned property with respect to each location where the Collateral and/or Books and Records are stored or located, which agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Agent. 3.26 Deposit Accounts; Cash Collateral Accounts . Borrower and each Guarantor shall maintain a cash management system which is reasonably acceptable to Agent (the Cash Management System ), which shall operate as follows: (a) All Proceeds of Collateral held by Borrower or any other Credit Party (other than funds being collected pursuant to the provisions stated below) shall be deposited in one or more bank accounts or securities investment accounts, as set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.26) or other accounts in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent subject to the terms of this Agreement and the applicable Control Agreements. (b) Borrower shall establish and maintain, and shall cause each Guarantor to establish and maintain, at its sole expense deposit accounts and lockboxes, which, on the Closing Date, shall consist of the accounts and related lockboxes maintained by the financial institutions as described on Disclosure Schedule (3.26) hereto (in each case (other than any Excluded Account), Blocked Accounts ), or with such other banks as are acceptable to Agent into which Borrower and Guarantors shall promptly deposit and direct their respective Account Debtors to directly remit all payments on Accounts and all payments constituting Proceeds of Collateral in the identical form in which such payments are made, whether by cash, check or other manner and shall be identified and segregated from all other funds of the Credit Parties. Within thirty (30) days following the Closing Date, Borrower and Guarantors shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Agent a Control Agreement duly authorized, executed and delivered by each bank where a Blocked Account for the 
 23 

 benefit of Borrower or any Guarantor is maintained. The accounts of the Credit Parties with PNC Bank, National Association with account numbers as previously identified to Agent in writing with account numbers ending 0459, 1566, 1988, 1937, 2016, 1881 and 8686 (the Excluded ZBA Disbursement Accounts ), are, and shall remain at all times during the term of the Loan Agreement, zero balance disbursement accounts that receive no deposits and have no funds therein except momentarily when a charge or payment request is presented to the account and funds in the exact amount required to satisfy such charge or payment request are transferred to the account in order to immediately satisfy the applicable charge or payment request. The aggregate amount on deposit in the Excluded Canadian Accounts and the Specified Canadian Account (x) as of the Second Amendment Effective Date does not exceed 275,000, and (y) shall not exceed 275,000 at all times during the term of the Loan Agreement from the Second Amendment Effective Date until and including January 31, 2023. The Credit Parties shall close the Excluded Canadian Accounts on or prior to February 1, 2023 (or such later date as agreed to by Agent in its sole discretion). The aggregate amount on deposit in the Specified Canadian Account shall not exceed 50,000 at all times during the term of the Loan Agreement from and after February 1, 2023, 2023. The Credit Parties shall close the Specified Canadian Account on or prior to June 30, 2023 (or such later date as agreed to by Agent in its sole discretion). (c) Term Loan Priority Collateral Account . Within thirty (30) days following the Closing Date, Borrower and Guarantors shall establish the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account, and deliver to the Agent an executed control agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Agent under which the Agent is the sole and exclusive controlling agent. Any Net Cash Proceeds of an Arbitration Recovery shall immediately upon receipt by a Credit Party be deposited in the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account and, unless applied as a Mandatory Prepayment in accordance with Section 1.2(h), remain on deposit in such Term Loan Priority Collateral Account, including (in respect of any prepayment that is declined by any of the Lenders under Section 1.2(i)) in the period (if any) from and after the time any of the Lenders decline a proposed prepayment of such Net Cash Proceeds subject, until an Activation Notice has been delivered to the applicable depository in respect of the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account, to the Borrower s right to use those Net Cash Proceeds in accordance with the Loan Documents. Credit Parties shall not deposit in the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account any monies or any other proceeds of Collateral that constitute Revolving Loan Priority Collateral (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement). Credit Parties shall not deposit Term Loan Priority Collateral (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement), or any proceeds thereof, in any account other than the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account. (d) Borrower shall further execute and deliver, and shall cause each Guarantor to execute and deliver, such agreements and documents as Agent may require in connection with such Blocked Accounts and such Control Agreements. Borrower and Guarantors shall not establish any deposit accounts after the Closing Date into which Proceeds of Collateral are deposited, unless Borrower or such Guarantor has complied in full with the provisions of this Section 3.26 with respect to such deposit accounts, other than Excluded Accounts. Borrower and each Guarantor agrees that from and after the delivery of an Activation Notice (as such term is defined in Section 3.26(e) below) all payments made to such Blocked Accounts or other funds received and collected by Agent or any Lender, whether in respect of the Accounts or as Proceeds of Collateral shall be treated as payments to Agent and the Lenders in respect of the Obligations and therefore shall constitute the property of Agent and the Lenders to the extent of the then outstanding applicable Obligations. (e) The applicable bank at which any Blocked Accounts are maintained shall agree from and after the receipt of a notice (an Activation Notice from Agent (which Activation Notice may, or upon instruction of the applicable Required Lenders, shall, be given by Agent at any time during an Event of Default) pursuant to the applicable Control Agreement, to forward, daily, all amounts in each Blocked Account to the account designated by Agent from time to time as a collection account (the Collection Account ). (f) From and after the delivery of an Activation Notice, Agent shall apply all such funds in the Collection Account on a daily basis to the repayment of the applicable Obligations in accordance with Section 7.4 . Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, after payment in full has been made of the amounts required under Section 7.4 , upon the applicable Credit Party s request and as long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, any additional funds deposited in the Collection Account shall be released to such Credit Party. 
 24 

 (g) Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, Borrower, Guarantors and their directors, employees, agents and other Affiliates shall promptly deposit or cause the same to be deposited, any monies, checks, notes, drafts or any other payment relating to and/or Proceeds of Collateral which come into their possession or under their control in the applicable Blocked Accounts, or remit the same or cause the same to be remitted, in kind, to Agent. Borrower agrees to reimburse Agent on demand for any amounts owed or paid to any bank at which a Blocked Account is established or any other bank or person involved in the transfer of funds to or from the Blocked Accounts arising out of Agent s payments to or indemnification of such bank or person. 3.27 Reserved . 3.28 After-acquired Property; Additional Collateral . Each Grantor shall: (a) Subject to this Section 3.28 , with respect to any property acquired after the Closing Date by any Credit Party that is intended to be subject to the Lien created by any of the Loan Documents but is not so subject, promptly (and in any event within thirty (30) days after the acquisition thereof or such longer period as Agent may agree in its sole discretion) (i) execute and deliver to the Agent such other documents as the Agent shall deem necessary or advisable to grant to the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, a Lien on such property subject to no Liens other than Permitted Liens, and (ii) take all actions necessary to cause such Lien to be duly perfected to the extent required hereunder in accordance with all applicable Requirements of Law, including the filing of financing statements in such jurisdictions as may be reasonably requested by the Agent. The Borrower shall otherwise take such actions and execute and/or deliver to the Agent such documents as the Agent shall require to confirm the validity, perfection and priority of the Lien hereunder on such after-acquired properties. (b) As soon as possible after the formation of any new Subsidiary (including any Foreign Subsidiary) of a Credit Party (and in any event within the earlier of (x) thirty (30) days (or such longer period as Agent may agree in its sole discretion) after formation or (y) the date on which such Subsidiary owns any material assets), or simultaneously with the consummation of acquisition of any new Subsidiary of a Credit Party, (i) deliver to the Agent the original certificates, if any, representing all of the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary, together with undated stock powers or other appropriate instruments of transfer executed and delivered in blank by a duly authorized officer of the holder(s) of such Equity Interests, and all intercompany notes owing from such Subsidiary to any Credit Party together with instruments of transfer executed and delivered in blank by a duly authorized officer of such Credit Party and (ii) cause such new Subsidiary (A) to execute a Joinder Agreement in the form of Exhibit H or such comparable documentation to become a Grantor and Guarantor under this Agreement, and (B) to take all actions necessary or advisable in the reasonable opinion of the Agent to cause the Lien created hereunder to be duly perfected to the extent required by such agreement in accordance with all applicable Requirements of Law (including any applicable foreign laws), including the execution by Borrower or the applicable Credit Party of a Joinder Agreement in the form of Exhibit H or such comparable documentation to the applicable Pledge Agreement and the filing of financing statements (or foreign equivalents) in such jurisdictions as may be reasonably requested by the Agent and to the extent such new Subsidiary owns Collateral subject to motor vehicle registration requirements which is located in the United States or Canada and Agent has requested the following notation (provided that Agent shall not request such notation unless such Collateral has a fair market value in excess of 100,000 in the aggregate), the noting or (having noted) of the Agent s Lien on all certificates of title (to the extent issued) of such Collateral, which when aggregated with all such Collateral owned by a Credit Party, exceeds a fair market value of 100,000 in the aggregate (except where such notation is not permitted under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction); provided, however, no Captive Insurance Subsidiary shall be required to join this Agreement as a Credit Party or become jointly and severally liable for the Obligations if Holdings delivers evidence to Agent in form and substance acceptable to Agent that such Captive Insurance Subsidiary is prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law from incurring contingent liabilities arising under this Agreement or a Guaranty in its capacity as a guarantor. (c) Promptly grant to the Agent, within thirty (30) days of the acquisition thereof, a security interest in and Mortgage on each Material Real Property owned in fee by such Credit Party as is acquired by such Credit Party after the Closing Date as additional security for the Obligations (unless the subject property is already mortgaged to a third party to the extent permitted by Section 5.2 ). Such Mortgages shall be granted pursuant 
 25 

 to documentation reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Agent and shall constitute valid and enforceable perfected Liens subject only to Permitted Liens or other Liens acceptable to the Agent. The Mortgages or instruments related thereto shall be duly recorded or filed in such manner and in such places as are required by applicable law to establish, perfect, preserve and protect the Liens in favor of the Agent required to be granted pursuant to the Mortgages and all taxes, fees and other charges payable in connection therewith shall be paid in full. Such Credit Party shall otherwise take such actions and execute and/or deliver to the Agent such documents as the Agent shall require to confirm the validity, perfection and priority of the Lien of any existing Mortgage or new Mortgage against such after-acquired Material Real Property (including a Title Policy, a survey and local counsel opinion (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent) in respect of such Mortgage). 3.29 Equity Interests and Subsidiaries . (a) Equity Interests . The Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date set forth a list of (i) all the Subsidiaries of Borrower and the other Credit Parties and their jurisdictions of organization as of the Closing Date and (ii) the number of each class of its Equity Interests authorized, and the number outstanding, on the Closing Date and the number of shares covered by all outstanding options, warrants, rights of conversion or purchase and similar rights at the Closing Date. All Equity Interests of each Credit Party are duly and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable, and, other than the Equity Interests of Holdings, are owned by Holdings, directly or indirectly through Wholly Owned Subsidiaries. Each Credit Party is the record and beneficial owner of, and has good and marketable title to, the Equity Interests pledged by it hereunder, free of any and all Liens, rights or claims of other persons, except the security interest created by the Loan Documents, the Revolving Loan Documents and, in respect of any Canadian Credit Party, Liens for Priority Payables, and there are no outstanding warrants, options or other rights to purchase, or shareholder, voting trust or similar agreements outstanding with respect to, or property that is convertible into, or that requires the issuance or sale of, any such Equity Interests. (b) No Consent of Third Parties Required . Other than the approval of the Board of Directors of the issuer of the Equity Interests, no consent of any Person including any other general or limited partner, any other member of a limited liability company, any other shareholder or any other trust beneficiary is necessary or reasonably desirable (from the perspective of a secured party) in connection with the creation, perfection or priority status of the security interest of the Agent in any Equity Interests pledged to the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders hereunder or the exercise by the Agent of the voting or other rights provided for hereunder or the exercise of remedies in respect thereof. (c) Organizational Chart . The Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date or any supplement thereto (whichever was most recently delivered to Agent) sets forth an accurate organizational chart, showing the Subsidiaries and joint ventures in which Holdings holds a direct or indirect interest along with any other Person in which Holdings, such Subsidiaries or joint ventures holds, directly or indirectly, any Equity Interests. 3.30 Security Documents . (a) Mortgages . Each Mortgage will upon execution and delivery thereof be effective to create, in favor of the Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, legal, valid and enforceable first priority Liens on, and security interests in, all of the Credit Parties right, title and interest in and to the mortgaged properties thereunder and the proceeds thereof, subject only to Permitted Liens or other Liens acceptable to the Agent, and when such Mortgages are filed in the offices specified in the Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of any Mortgage executed and delivered after the date thereof in accordance with the provisions of Sections 3.20 and 3.28 , when such Mortgage is filed in the offices specified in the local counsel opinion delivered with respect thereto in accordance with the provisions of Sections 3.20 and 3.28 ), such Mortgages shall constitute fully perfected Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the Credit Parties in the mortgaged properties thereunder and the proceeds thereof, in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person, other than Liens permitted by such Mortgage. (b) Valid Liens . Each Loan Document purporting to include a grant of a security interest or Lien by a 
 26 

 Credit Party in favor of Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, including any such document delivered pursuant to Sections 3.20 and 3.28 will, upon execution and delivery thereof, be effective to create in favor of the Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, legal, valid and enforceable Liens on, and security interests in, all of the Credit Parties right, title and interest in and to the Collateral thereunder, and (i) when all appropriate filings or recordings are made in the appropriate offices as may be required under applicable law and (ii) upon the taking of possession or control by the Agent of such Collateral with respect to which a security interest may be perfected only by possession or control (which possession or control shall be given to the Agent to the extent required hereunder), such Liens will constitute fully perfected Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the Credit Parties in such Collateral, in each case subject to no Liens other than the applicable Permitted Liens. 3.31 Borrowing Base-Related Reports . Borrower shall deliver or cause to be delivered (at the expense of Borrower) to the Agent the following: (a) All reports required to be delivered to the Revolving Agent, in accordance with the terms of the Revolving Loan Agreement, including, without limitation, the Borrowing Base Certificate, contemporaneously with the delivery of any such report to the Revolving Agent; and (b) such other reports, statements and reconciliations with respect to the Formula Amount or Collateral of any or all Credit Parties as the Agent shall from time to time request in its reasonable credit judgment. The delivery of each certificate, report or any other information delivered pursuant to this Section 3.31 shall constitute a representation and warranty by Borrower that the statements and information contained therein are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the respective dates of such certificates, reports or other information. 3.32 Government Contracts . Except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.32) , as of the Closing Date, no Credit Party is a party to any contract or agreement with any Governmental Authority and no Credit Party s Collateral is subject to the Federal Assignment of Claims Act (31 U.S.C. Section 3727) or any similar state or local law. 3.33 Customer and Trade Relations . As of the Closing Date, there exists no actual or, to the knowledge of any Credit Party, threatened termination or cancellation of, or any material adverse modification or change in (a) the business relationship of any Credit Party with any customer or group of customers whose purchases during the preceding twelve (12) calendar months caused them to be ranked among the ten (10) largest customers of such Credit Party or (b) the business relationship of any Credit Party with any supplier essential to its operations. 3.34 Bonding; Licenses . Except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.34) , as of the Closing Date, no Credit Party is a party to or bound by any surety bond agreement, indemnification agreement therefor or bonding requirement with respect to products or services sold by it. 3.35 Affiliate Transactions . No Credit Party is party to any transaction with any Affiliate of the Borrower or of any Subsidiary of the Borrower, except those permitted by Section 5.7 hereof and those set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.35) . 3.36 Post-Closing Matters . The Credit Parties shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Agent, or take, or cause to be taken, the documents, deliverables, actions or efforts set forth below, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, as promptly as practicable following the Closing Date, but in any event no later than the dates referred to below with respect to each such item (or, in each case, such later date as Agent shall agree in its sole discretion): (a) On and after the Closing Date, the Credit Parties shall (i) continue to use commercially reasonable efforts to complete the dissolution of Braden Holdings LLC Braden Holdings and Braden Manufacturing, S.A. de C.V. (Mexico) Braden Mexico , and together with Braden Holdings, collectively, the Braden Entities ), (ii) prior to or concurrently with any dissolution of any of the Braden Entities, transfer any assets of the Braden Entities to the Credit Parties, and (iii) within three (3) Business Days of dissolution of the Braden Entities provide evidence to Agent that Braden and Braden Mexico have been dissolved; and 
 27 

 (b) Within thirty (30) days following the Closing Date, with respect to any Blocked Account maintained by the Credit Parties, the Credit Parties shall deliver to Agent fully executed Control Agreements for each such Blocked Account; (c) Within thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, Agent shall have received the following insurance endorsements: (i) Lender Loss Payee Endorsement to the property policy ITD100065033720; (ii) Notice of Cancellation Endorsement to the property policy ITD100065033720; (iii) Additional Insured Endorsement to the liability policy 1000090435201; and (iv) Notice of Cancellation Endorsement to the liability policy 1000090435201; (d) Within ninety (90) days following the Closing Date, the Credit Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide to Agent a landlord waiver or similar collateral access agreement with respect to the following locations: (a) 100 Crescent Centre Parkway, Suite 1240, Tucker, Dekalb County, Georgia 30084; (b) 2775 Northwoods Pkwy , Norcross, GA 30071; (c) 591 Pickettville Road, Jacksonville, Duval County, FL 32220; (d) 2832 Center Street, Deer Park, Harris County, TX 77536; (e) 101 Industrial Park Blvd, Unit 2, Hitchcock, Galveston County, TX 77563; (f) 18-33 42nd Street, Astoria, Queens, County, New York 11105; (g) 2543 Ross Clark Circle, Suite #2 Dothan, Houston County, AL 3630; (h) 281 Goderich Street, Unit 3, Port Elgin, Bruce County, ON N0H2C1; and (i) 625 Goderich Street, Units 1 and 5, Port Elgin, Bruce County, ON N0H2C1; (e) Within ninety (90) days following the Closing Date, the Credit Parties shall deliver to the Agent a filed UCC termination statement evidencing the termination of the UCC financing statement that evidenced the WSS New York tax Lien. 3.37 Investment Company Act . No Credit Party is an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company, as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 3.38 Notice of Change in Investment Company Status . The Borrower shall provide Agent with prompt written notice of any change with respect to its representation in Section 3.37 above, but in no event later than fifteen (15) days following any such change. 3.39 Braden Entities . The Braden Entities do not hold any material assets and do not engage in material business activities. Each Credit Party agrees that it shall not transfer, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and controlled Affiliates not to transfer, any assets to any Braden Entity other than such amount of cash (which in no event shall exceed 25,000 after the Second Amendment Effective Date without the prior written consent of Agent) to pay taxes, penalties and legal fees and expenses as is necessary or required to complete the dissolution of Braden Mexico. Braden Holdings is a holding company and does not engage in any operations or business, other than (a) the ownership of 99.998 of the outstanding Equity Interests in Braden Mexico, (b) maintaining its corporate existence pending its dissolution pursuant to Section 3.36, and (c) liabilities, assets, operations and business incidental to the foregoing. 3.40 Capital Provision Agreement . The Borrower has prior to the Closing Date delivered to the Agent a true, correct and complete copy of the Capital Provision Agreement, including all amendments, modifications and/or supplements thereto, as of the date of delivery to Agent. The Capital Provision Agreement remains in full force and effect on the Closing Date and there have been no amendments, modifications and/or supplements thereto since the date delivered to the Agent. 4. FINANCIAL MATTERS; REPORTS 4.1 Reports and Notices . The Credit Parties shall furnish to the Agent and each Lender: (a) Monthly Reports . Within thirty (30) days after the last day of each Fiscal Month of the Credit Parties, the balance sheets of the Credit Parties on a consolidated and consolidating basis as at the end of such Fiscal Month and as of the end of the preceding Fiscal Year, and the related statements of operations, the related 
 28 

 statements of profits and losses and related statements of cash flows of the Credit Parties on a consolidated basis for such Fiscal Month and for the elapsed portion of the Fiscal Year ended with the last day of such Fiscal Month, which shall set forth in comparative form such figures as at the end of and for such Fiscal Month and appropriate prior period and shall be certified by the Chief Financial Officer of the Borrower to have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and to present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the Credit Parties on a consolidated basis as at the end of such period and the results of operations for such period, and for the elapsed portion of the Fiscal Year ended with the last day of such period, subject only to normal year-end and audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; (b) Quarterly Reports . Within forty-five (45) days after the last day of each of the Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year of the Credit Parties, the balance sheets of the Credit Parties on a consolidated and consolidating basis as at the end of such Fiscal Quarters and as of the end of the preceding Fiscal Year, and the related statements of operations, the related statements of profits and losses and the related statements of cash flows of the Credit Parties on a consolidated basis for such Fiscal Quarters and for the elapsed portion of the Fiscal Year ended with the last day of such Fiscal Quarters, which shall set forth in comparative form such figures as at the end of and for such Fiscal Quarters and appropriate prior period and shall be certified by the Chief Financial Officer of the Borrower to have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and to present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the Credit Parties on a consolidated basis as at the end of such period and the results of operations for such period, and for the elapsed portion of the Fiscal Year ended with the last day of such period, subject only to normal year-end and audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; (c) Annual Reports . Within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Credit Parties, the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Credit Parties as of the end of such Fiscal Year and the related audited consolidated statements of operations for such Fiscal Year and for the previous Fiscal Year, the related audited consolidated statements of profits and losses and the related audited consolidated statements of cash flows and stockholders equity for such Fiscal Year and for the previous Fiscal Year, which shall be accompanied by an opinion, without a going concern or similar qualification or an exception as to scope, prepared by an independent certified public accountant of recognized national standing reasonably acceptable to Agent (Moss Adams LLP shall be acceptable), together with a statement of such accountants that in connection with their audit, nothing came to their attention that caused them to believe that the Borrower or any other Credit Party was not in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 4.2 below insofar as they relate to accounting matters; (d) Financial Officer s Certificate . At the time the financial statements are furnished pursuant to Sections 4.1(a) , 4.1(b) and 4.1(c) , a Compliance Certificate in the form attached as Exhibit E executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as to the financial performance of the Credit Parties; provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that, except as otherwise expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, a certification regarding the Credit Parties compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 4.2 shall only be required to be included with the Compliance Certificates delivered for the applicable dates under such Section 4.2 in connection with the quarterly financial statements under Section 4.1(b) and the annual financial statements under Section 4.1(c) and not the monthly financial statements delivered under Section 4.1(a) ; (e) Teleconferences with Credit Parties; Financial Advisor Teleconference and Information. Commencing in January 2023, the Borrower shall host teleconferences and/or virtual conferences with the Agent and Lenders, and Borrower shall cause members of the Borrower s management team to participate in such teleconferences and/or virtual conferences, on at least a monthly basis on such dates and at such times as reasonably agreed between the Borrower and the Agent or on such other dates and times as reasonably requested by Agent, the purpose of which conferences shall be for the Borrower and Agent and Lenders to discuss the Credit Parties business and financial performance. (f) Cashflow Report . Borrower shall deliver to Agent and the Lenders (i) commencing on the last Business Day of the first each calendar week following the Third Fourth Amendment Effective Date (i.e., January 13, 2023) , a 13-week cash flow forecast for the Credit Parties on a weekly basis in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent (provided that, the first three (3) weeks of each such forecast shall set 
 29 

 forth daily cash flow forecasts) , on or prior to the last Business Day of each week for the period of 13 weeks beginning on the first day of each week following the Third Amendment Effective Date , such forecast forecasts to be accompanied by a certificate signed by an authorized officer of Borrower, in such Person s capacity as such, to the effect that such forecast has been prepared in good faith consistent with past financial statements of the Credit Parties and based on assumptions believed by such Person to be reasonable as of such date and (ii) such other information as may reasonably be requested by the Agent and the Lenders in connection therewith; (g) Responsible Officer s Certificate Regarding Collateral . Concurrently with any delivery of Financial Statements under Section 4.1(a) , a certificate of a Responsible Officer setting forth the information in the Perfection Certificate as of the date of such Financial Statements or confirming that there has been no change in such information since the date of the Perfection Certificate or the latest supplement thereto, as applicable; (h) Public Reports . Promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by any Credit Party with any provincial securities commission or the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of said commissions, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed to shareholders or holders of its Indebtedness in excess of the Threshold Amount pursuant to the terms of the documentation governing such Indebtedness (or any trustee, agent or other representative therefor), as the case may be; (i) Management Letters . Promptly after the receipt thereof by any Credit Party, a copy of any management letter received by any such Person from its independent chartered accountants and the management s responses thereto; (j) Budgets . Promptly (and in any event within 3 Business Days) after approval by the Board of Directors of the Borrower (but no later than forty-five (45) days after the beginning of each Fiscal Year), a consolidated budget for Borrower in form reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, but to include balance sheets, statements of income, sources and uses of cash, a budget of projected Capital Expenditures, and projected Borrowing Availability on a consolidated basis, for (i) each month of such Fiscal Year prepared in detail and (ii) each Fiscal Year thereafter, through and including the Fiscal Year in which the Termination Date occurs, prepared in summary form, in each case, with appropriate presentation and discussion of the principal assumptions upon which such budgets are based, accompanied by the statement of a Financial Officer of Borrower to the effect that each budget has been prepared in good faith and based on assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable and, promptly when available, any significant revisions of such budget; (k) Organization . Concurrently with any delivery of Financial Statements under Section 4.1(a) , an accurate organizational chart as required by Section 3.29(c) , or confirmation that there are no changes to the Credit Parties organizational structure set forth in the Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date or any supplement thereto (whichever was most recently delivered to Agent); (l) Organizational Documents . Promptly provide copies of any Organizational Documents that have been amended or modified in accordance with the terms hereof and deliver a copy of any notice of default given or received by any Credit Party under any Organizational Document within fifteen (15) days after such Credit Party gives or receives such notice; (m) Appraisals . At any time after the occurrence of a Default, promptly upon the request of the Agent, an appraisal report performed at the expense of Borrower by a nationally recognized appraiser satisfactory to Agent, setting forth in reasonable detail the orderly liquidation value of the Collateral; and (n) Other Information . Promptly, from time to time, such other reports and information regarding the Collateral, operations, business affairs, financial condition, prospects or management of any Credit Party, or compliance with the terms of any Loan Document, as the Agent or any Lender may reasonably request, all in reasonable detail. (o) Engagement of Consultant. Following the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the Credit Parties shall 
 30 

 continue to engage, at their own expense, the services of G2 Capital Advisors LLC (or such other third-party consultant reasonably acceptable to Agent) (the Consultant for the purpose of (i) participating in preparation and delivery of the cashflow forecasts delivered in accordance with Section 4.1(f), (ii) assisting with the monitoring of vendor payments, and (iii) participating in preparation and delivery of certain reporting to Agent and Lenders, including, without limitation, participating in the preparation and delivery of Compliance Certificates. Each of the Credit Parties expressly authorizes the Consultant to consult with the Agent and Lenders and to share with Agent and Lenders all records, projections, financial information, reports and other information prepared by or in the possession of the Consultant relating to the Collateral, or the financial condition or operations of the business of the Credit Parties and to respond fully to any reasonable inquiries of the Agent or any Lender regarding the assets, prospects, business and operations of the Credit Parties and communicate and fully cooperate with Agent and the Lenders; provided, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 4.1(o), Consultant shall not be required to disclose such other information where such disclosure of such other information would, in Holdings reasonable judgment upon the advice of counsel, (1) jeopardize the attorney-client privilege or other immunity or protection from disclosure available to Holdings under applicable law, (2) conflict with the non-disclosure requirements, if any, contained in any bona fide contract with a third-party to which either Consultant (in its capacity as a consultant to Holdings) or Holdings is party or is bound, or (3) constitute the disclosure of materials or work product generated by Consultant or others specifically for review by the Board of Directors of Holdings and where the disclosure of such other information could reasonably be regarded as a poor corporate governance practice or could be reasonably likely to jeopardize the ability of the Board of Directors of Holdings to discharge its fiduciary obligations to Holdings and its stockholders; provided, further, that in the case of each of the preceding clauses (1), (2) and (3), the Consultant shall promptly inform the Agent of the general nature of the information being withheld and provide such information, in whole or in part, in a manner that would not result in the outcome described in the foregoing clause (1), (2) or (3), as applicable. Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 3.31 , 4.1(a) , (b) , (c) , (d) or (g) , may be delivered electronically to the Agent and Lenders and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date the Borrower delivers such documents to the Agent and Lenders by electronic mail; provided, that upon written request, Borrower shall deliver paper copies to the Agent and Lenders until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Agent to the Borrower. 4.2 Financial Covenants . (a) Maximum Total Leverage Ratio . Beginning with the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31, 2021, the Credit Parties shall not permit the Total Leverage Ratio, as of the last day of any Fiscal Quarter ending during any period set forth below, to exceed the ratio set forth opposite such period in the table below: 
 31 

 Test Period Ending Leverage Ratio March 31, 2021 June 30, 2021 4.00 to 1.00 September 30, 2021 March 31, 2022 3.75 to 1.00 June 30, 2022 4.50 to 1.00 September 30, 2022 6.50 to 1.00 December 31, 2022 June 30, 2023 4.25 to 1.00 September 30, 2023 6.25 to 1.00 December 31, 2023 5.50 to 1.00 March 31, 2024 5.25 to 1.00 June 30, 2024 3.25 to 1.00 As of the last day of each Fiscal Quarter thereafter 3.00 to 1.00 
 ; provided that for purposes of calculating the Total Leverage Ratio hereunder, the Consolidated EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2020 and September 30, 2020 shall be deemed to be 4,988,638 and 4,053,202, respectively. (b) Limitation on Capital Expenditures . The Credit Parties shall not make or commit to make, and shall not cause or permit their Subsidiaries to make or commit to make, Capital Expenditures (other than any Capital Expenditures financed by the incurrence of Indebtedness permitted under this Agreement) made in any Fiscal Year, to exceed 800,000; provided , however, that (x) if the aggregate amount of Capital Expenditures made in any Fiscal Year shall be less than the maximum amount of Capital Expenditures permitted under this Section 4.2(b) for such Fiscal Year (before giving effect to any carryover), then an amount of such shortfall not exceeding fifty percent (50 of such maximum amount may be added to the amount of Capital Expenditures permitted under this Section 4.2(b) for the immediately succeeding (but not any other) Fiscal Year and (y) in determining whether any amount is available for carryover, the amount expended in any Fiscal Year shall first be deemed to be from the amount allocated to such Fiscal Year (before giving effect to any carryover). (c) Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio . Beginning with the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31, 2021, as of the last day of each Fiscal Quarter, the Borrower shall not permit the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the trailing period of twelve (12) Fiscal Months then ended to be less than the applicable ratio set forth below opposite such period: Period Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio March 31, 2021 2023 December 31, 2022 June 30, 2023 1.10 1.25 to 1.00 September 30, 2023 1.10 As of the last day of each Fiscal Quarter thereafter 1.25 to 1.00 
 ; provided that for purposes of calculating the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio hereunder, the Consolidated EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2020 and September 30, 2020 shall be deemed to be 4,988,638 and 4,053,202, respectively. (d) Minimum EBITDA . Holdings and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) shall not permit EBITDA for the twelve fiscal month period (or such shorter period commencing on January 1, 2023) ending on the last day of any date set forth below to be less than the minimum amount set forth in the table below opposite such 
 32 

 date: Testing Period Minimum EBITDA 1 month ended February 5, 2023 Negative 162,000 2 months ended March 5, 2023 177,000 3 months ended April 2, 2023 818,000 4 months ended May 7, 2023 1,237,000 5 months ended June 4, 2023 2,218,000 6 months ended July 2, 2023 3,261,000 7 months ended August 6, 2023 4,166,000 8 months ended September 3, 2023 5,348,000 9 months ended October 1, 2023 6,495,000 10 months ended November 5, 2023 7,270,000 11 months ended December 3, 2023 7,622,000 12 months ended December 31, 2023 7,882,000 
 (e) Minimum Liquidity. Beginning with April 19, 2023, Credit Parties shall not permit Liquidity as of the close of business on Wednesday of each week during such period to be less than the minimum amount set forth in the table below opposite such period and shall deliver to the Agent a Compliance Certificate executed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower by the close of business on Friday of each week setting forth the calculations of Liquidity for such period: Period Liquidity April 19, 2023 May 2, 2023 1,000,000 May 3, 2023 June 6, 2023 2,500,000 June 7, 2023 and with respect to each week thereafter 4,000,000 
 4.3 Other Reports and Information . The Grantors shall advise Agent in reasonable detail promptly after becoming aware of: (a) any Lien, other than Permitted Liens, attaching to or asserted against any material portion of the Collateral or any occurrence causing a material loss or decline in value of any Collateral and the estimated (or actual, if available) amount of such loss or decline; (b) any material change in the composition of the Collateral; and (c) the occurrence of any Default or other event that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 4.4 Revolving Loan Agreement Notices; Subordinated Loan Documents Notices . (a) The Credit Parties shall provide to Agent (i) simultaneously with its delivery to the Revolving Agent, any material notices required to be delivered pursuant to the Revolving Loan Agreement, (ii) promptly, but no later than three (3) Business Days after receipt thereof, any notice from the Revolving Agent or any lender under the Revolving Loan Agreement that a default or event of default has occurred under the Revolving Loan Agreement and (iii) at least ten (10) Business Days prior notice of any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification under or with respect to the Revolving Loan Documents, and a fully executed copy thereof promptly after its execution. 
 33 

 (b) To the extent that any Revolving Loan Document has been amended to change any existing financial covenants therein or any section or other provision thereof is amended to include any additional financial covenants or there has been any modification or addition of any event of default or modification of any condition to an event of default or addition or modification of any covenant in a manner adverse or more restrictive to any Credit Party in any Revolving Loan Document, the Credit Parties shall, at the request of Agent, execute and deliver to Agent such amendments, modifications or related documents as Agent may reasonably request to incorporate such amendments into the Loan Documents (subject to the limitations set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement). (c) The Credit Parties shall provide to Agent (i) simultaneously with its delivery to any Subordinated Creditor, any material notices required to be delivered by any Credit Party to a Subordinated Creditor pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Documents, (ii) promptly, but no later than three (3) Business Days after receipt thereof, any notice from a Subordinated Creditor that a default or event of default has occurred under any of the Subordinated Notes, and (iii) at least ten (10) Business Days prior notice of any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification under or with respect to the Subordinated Loan Documents, and a fully executed copy thereof promptly after its execution. (d) To the extent that any Subordinated Loan Document has been amended to change any existing financial covenants therein or any section or other provision thereof is amended to include any additional financial covenants or there has been any modification or addition of any event of default or modification of any condition to an event of default or addition or modification of any covenant in a manner adverse or more restrictive to any Credit Party in any Subordinated Loan Document, the Credit Parties shall, at the request of Agent, execute and deliver to Agent such amendments, modifications or related documents as Agent may reasonably request to incorporate such amendments into the Loan Documents. 4.5 Reserved . Additional Delivery Requirements. The Credit Parties shall continue to engage Greenhill Co., LLC Greenhill to diligently and in good faith actively pursue its publicly announced review of strategic alternatives, including the potential sale of Borrower s Equity Interests or all or substantially all of its assets and, subject to the exercise by the Board of Directors of Holdings of its fiduciary obligations under applicable law, use commercially reasonable best efforts to take the steps and actions set forth in that certain Timeline prepared by the Borrower and Greenhill (and delivered to the Agent and the Lenders on February 21, 2023) on or before the dates set forth in such timeline (or such later date as the Agent may agree in its sole discretion in writing). This Section 4.5 shall not be an implied consent to any such sale otherwise prohibited by the terms of this Agreement. 5. NEGATIVE COVENANTS Borrower and each Credit Party executing this Agreement covenants and agrees (for itself and each other Credit Party) that, without Agent s prior written consent, from the Closing Date until the Termination Date, neither Borrower nor any other Credit Party shall, directly or indirectly: 5.1 Indebtedness . Create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except: (a) the Obligations, (b) Indebtedness existing as of the Closing Date set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.18) , (c) by endorsement of instruments or items of payment for deposit to the general account of such Credit Party, (d) for Guaranteed Indebtedness incurred for the benefit of any Credit Party if the primary obligation is permitted by this Agreement, (e) reserved, (f) Indebtedness outstanding under the Revolving Loan Agreement in an aggregate amount not exceeding the Maximum Priority Revolving Loan Debt, (g) the Permitted Koontz-Wagner Pension Plan Obligations, (h) Indebtedness with respect to (i) Capital Lease Obligations existing as the Closing Date set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.18) and (ii) additional Capital Lease Obligations and Purchase Money Obligations in an aggregate amount outstanding at any time not to exceed 250,000; provided, that any such Capital Lease Obligations and Purchase Money Obligations under this clause (h) shall be secured only by the asset subject to such additional Capital Lease Obligation or the acquired asset in connection with the incurrence of such Capital Lease Obligation or Purchase Money Obligation, as the case may be, any insurance thereon and proceeds thereof, (i) Indebtedness in respect of Hedging Obligations, provided , that , such Hedging Obligations are (or were) entered into by a Credit Party in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating risks associated with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets, or property held or reasonably anticipated by such Credit Party, or changes in the value of securities issued by such Credit Party, and not for purposes of speculation or taking a market view , (j) Indebtedness 
 34 

 in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees and banker s acceptances in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business, and reimbursement of obligations in respect of any of the foregoing, in all cases to the extent permitted under the Revolving Loan Documents, (k) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business under surety bonds, performance bonds, completion guarantees, appeal bonds, bid bonds and similar obligations and reimbursement and indemnification obligations in respect of any of the foregoing, (l) Indebtedness in respect of workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement-type obligations regarding workers compensation claims, (m) unsecured Indebtedness (other than for borrowed money) that may be deemed to exist pursuant to any bona fide warranty or contractual service obligations or performance in the ordinary course of business, (n) Indebtedness of any Credit Party (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) owing to any other Credit Party (other than Inactive Subsidiaries); provided that in each case, all such Indebtedness shall be (i) evidenced by promissory notes and all such notes shall be subject to a first priority Lien pursuant to this Agreement and (ii) unsecured and subordinated in right of payment in full of the Obligations pursuant to the terms of the applicable promissory notes or an intercompany subordination agreement with terms reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, (o) the Existing Letters of Credit, (p) Subordinated Debt under the Subordinated Loan Documents in an original aggregate principal amount not to exceed 750,000 1,250,000 , plus any fees, costs or expenses incurred or payable in connection therewith, plus any interest accrued thereon in accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan Documents, so long as (i) such Indebtedness is subject to a Subordination Agreement which remains in full force and effect and (ii) no Credit Party makes any payment to the Subordinated Creditors or otherwise in respect of such Indebtedness, except for payments made in full compliance with the Subordination Agreement applicable to such Subordinated Debt, and (q) any other unsecured Indebtedness incurred after the Closing Date in an aggregate outstanding amount for all such Credit Parties combined not exceeding 500,000. 5.2 Liens . Incur, maintain or otherwise suffer to exist any Lien upon or with respect to any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or assign any right to receive income or profits, except for Permitted Liens. 5.3 Investments; Fundamental Changes . Except as provided in Section 5.7 below, merge or amalgamate with, consolidate with, acquire all or a material portion of the assets or Stock of, or otherwise combine with or make any investment in or make any loan or advance to, any Person; except that (a) any Credit Party (other than any Inactive Subsidiary) may form or acquire any direct or indirect Subsidiary (except for Captive Insurance Subsidiaries, which are governed by Section 5.21 below) after the Closing Date so long as soon as possible (and in any event upon the earlier of (i) thirty (30) days after formation (or such longer period as Agent may agree in its sole discretion) or (ii) the date on which such Subsidiary owns any material assets) after the formation of any new Subsidiary of a Credit Party or simultaneously with the consummation of acquisition of any new Subsidiary of a Credit Party, such Subsidiary becomes a co-Borrower or Guarantor hereunder, as applicable, and grants to Agent a Lien in all of its rights, title and interests in, to and under its Collateral to secure the Obligations for the benefit of the Lenders, all pursuant to written documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent in accordance with Sections 1.12 and 3.28 ; provided, however, no Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary shall be required to join this Agreement as a Credit Party or become jointly and severally liable for the Obligations if Holdings delivers evidence to Agent in form and substance acceptable to Agent that such Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary is prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law from incurring contingent liabilities arising under this Agreement or a Guaranty in its capacity as a guarantor; provided , further , that no Credit Party shall transfer any assets or property to a new Subsidiary until all requirements of Sections 1.12 and 3.28 have been met for such new Subsidiary; (b) a U.S. Credit Party may merge, consolidate or reorganize with another U.S. Credit Party or acquire the assets or Equity Interest of another U.S. Credit Party so long as, in connection with any merger, consolidation or reorganization to which a Borrower is a party, such Borrower is the surviving entity of such merger, consolidation or reorganization; (c) a Canadian Credit Party may merge, amalgamate, consolidate or reorganize with another Canadian Credit Party or acquire the assets or Equity Interest of another Canadian Credit Party so long as such Canadian Credit Party shall provide Agent with ten (10) days prior written notice of such merger, amalgamation, consolidation or reorganization; (d) any Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party may merge, amalgamate or consolidate with or into any other Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party, (e) any Subsidiary may dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to another Subsidiary; provided that if the transferor in such a transaction is a Credit Party, then the transferee must be a Credit Party, (f) any Credit Party (other than any Inactive Subsidiary) may make Permitted Acquisitions; (g) any Credit Party (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) may make investments in Permitted Joint Ventures existing on the Closing Date, all of which such Permitted Joint Ventures are identified on Schedule 5.3 hereto, and any additional Permitted Joint Ventures formed after the Closing Date so long as not more than seven (7) Permitted Joint Ventures are in existence at 
 35 

 any time, provided the aggregate amount of all cash and non-cash investments in Permitted Joint Ventures shall not exceed 1,000,000 in the aggregate outstanding at any one time, and provided further that no new investments in such Permitted Joint Ventures shall be made if any Default or Event of Default then exists; (h) investments in cash and Cash Equivalents; (i) intercompany loans to the extent permitted under Section 5.1 ; (j) investments made after the Closing Date in any Credit Party; (k) promissory notes and other non-cash consideration received in connection with any disposition of assets permitted by Section 5.4 ; (l) investments in the form of advances made to subcontractors in the ordinary course of business consistent with historical practice; (m) investments received in settlement of amounts due to any Credit Party effected in the ordinary course of business as a result of insolvency proceedings involving an account debtor or upon the foreclosure or enforcement of any Lien in favor of a Credit Party, (n) Stock or other securities acquired in connection with the satisfaction or enforcement of Indebtedness claims due and owing to a Credit Party (in bankruptcy of customers or suppliers or otherwise outside the ordinary course of business) or as security for any such Indebtedness, (o) to the extent no Default or Event of Default has occurred or would result therefrom, initial capital contribution(s) to any Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary in an aggregate amount all such Permitted Captive Insurance Companies not to exceed 250,000 and (p) investments not otherwise permitted pursuant to this Section 5.3 in an aggregate amount not to exceed 500,000 at any time outstanding; provided that immediately before and after giving effect to such investments, no Default or Event to Default shall have occurred or be continuing. 5.4 Asset Sales . Sell, transfer, convey, assign, issue or otherwise dispose any of its assets or properties (including its accounts or any shares of its Stock) or engage in any sale-leaseback, synthetic lease or similar transaction, including without limitation the Collateral or Loan proceeds; provided , however , that (i) any Grantor may transfer any of its Collateral to any other Grantor provided such Collateral remains subject to the Liens of Agent under this Agreement to secure the Obligations, (ii) any Grantor may sell inventory to its customers in the ordinary course of business, (iii) any Grantor may sell for fair market value assets or properties so long as the following conditions are met: (1) the aggregate fair market value, of all such asset sales do not exceed 200,000 in any Fiscal Year, (2) immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect to such Asset Sale, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, (3) if required, the Borrower has applied any Net Cash Proceeds arising therefrom pursuant to Section 1.2(c) and (4) the consideration received for such sale, transfer, lease, contribution or conveyance is received in cash; (iv) Holdings and Braden shall wind-up the affairs of and dissolve Braden Mexico as required by Section 3.36 and transfer any remaining assets to the Credit Parties, (v) Holdings shall wind-up the affairs of and dissolve Braden as required by Section 3.36 and transfer any remaining assets to the Credit Parties, (vi) Holdings may wind-up the affairs of and dissolve any Inactive Subsidiary, provided that any assets of such Person shall be transferred to a Credit Party that continues to exist after the winding-up and/or dissolution of such Person, (vii) any Credit Party may use proceeds of the Loans for purposes permitted under this Agreement, (viii) any Grantor may dispose of obsolete, worn out or surplus property, whether new owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business and property no longer used or useful in the conduct of such Grantor, (ix) any Grantor may dispose of immaterial assets in the ordinary course of business (including allowing any registrations or any applications for registration of any immaterial Intellectual Property to lapse or be abandoned in the ordinary course of business), (x) any Grantor may dispose of any property to the extent that (A) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property that is promptly purchased or (B) the proceeds of such disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of replacement property (which replacement property is promptly purchased), (xi) any Grantor may dispose of any property to the extent expressly permitted by Section 5.3 , 5.5 , 5.7 or 5.19 and the granting of Liens expressly permitted by Section 5.2 , (xii) any Grantor may dispose of cash and Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of business, (xiii) any Grantor may unwind any Hedging Agreement in accordance with its terms to the extent such Hedging Agreement is (or was) entered into by a Credit Party in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating risks associated with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets, or property held or reasonably anticipated by such Credit Party, or changes in the value of securities issued by such Credit Party, and not for purposes of speculation or taking a market view , and (xiii) any Grantor may dispose of any property in connection with a Casualty Event, provided that the Net Cash Proceeds thereof shall be applied in accordance with the requirements of Section 1.2(c) . 5.5 Restricted Payments . Make or permit any Restricted Payment other than (i) to the extent constituting Restricted Payments, the Credit Parties may enter into and consummate transactions expressly permitted by any provision of Section 5.3 or 5.7 , (ii) Subsidiaries may make Restricted Payments to any Credit Party (other than to Inactive Subsidiaries); (iii) Holdings or any Subsidiary thereof may pay dividends on shares of its own Stock to the extent such dividends are (1) payable solely in the form of Qualified Capital Stock of such Person, and (2) paid on a 
 36 

 pro rata basis among all holders of Equity Interests of Holdings or such Subsidiary. 5.6 Changes in Nature of Business . Engage in any business other than (a) that presently engaged in by Credit Parties, (b) except to the extent such change in business could reasonably be expected to adversely affect repayment of the Obligations or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (c) any business reasonably related or ancillary thereto. 5.7 Transactions with Affiliates . Enter into any lending, borrowing or other commercial transaction with any of its employees, directors, Affiliates or any other Credit Party (including upstreaming and downstreaming of cash and intercompany advances and payments by a Credit Party on behalf of another Credit Party) other than (i) loans or advances to employees of a Credit Party (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) in the ordinary course of business in an aggregate outstanding amount not exceeding 50,000, (ii) transactions that are on fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to such Credit Party or such Subsidiary than obtainable in an arm s length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate, (iii) any investment in a Permitted Joint Venture to the extent expressly permitted by Section 5.3 , (iv) the repurchase or redemption of Stock or other Equity Interest of Holdings or its Subsidiaries held by officers, directors or employees or former officers, directors or employees (or their transferees, estates, or beneficiaries under their estates) of Holdings or its Subsidiaries, upon their death, disability, retirement, severance or termination of employment or service in an aggregate amount, to the extent not financed by the proceeds of life insurance, not to exceed 250,000 during any Fiscal Year, provided , that , (A) no Event of Default shall exist or would result after giving effect to any such Restricted Payment, and (B) after giving pro forma effect to any such Restricted Payment, the Credit Parties shall be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 4.2 as of the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements have been (or were required to have been) delivered pursuant to Section 4.1 , (v) transactions by and among Credit Parties (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) to the extent expressly permitted under Section 5.1 or 5.3, (vi) agreements incurred in the ordinary course of business by and among Credit Parties to provide shared management services, (vii) customary compensation and indemnification of, and other customary employment arrangements (including equity incentive plans, employee benefit plans and arrangements, issuance of Equity Interests, payment of bonuses and stock option plans and payments with respect thereto) with directors, officers and employees of Holdings or any Credit Party in the ordinary course of business, (viii) Restricted Payments permitted under Section 5.5 , (ix) other transactions with any Permitted Joint Venture in the ordinary course of business on terms as favorable as would be obtained by any Credit Party in a comparable arm s-length transaction with an independent, unrelated third party, (x) the provision of goods or engineering, design, procurement, project management, quality management or other services by any Credit Party or Subsidiary to any Credit Party or any other Subsidiary pursuant to purchase orders issued in the ordinary course of business in connection with third party contracts to the extent the terms of such transactions are on fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to such Credit Party or such Subsidiary than obtainable in an arm s length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate, (xi) the provision of insurance by a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary to a Credit Party in the ordinary course of business, and (xii) the Subordinated Debt and the transactions contemplated thereby to the extent expressly permitted under Section 5.1. 5.8 Third-Party Restrictions on Indebtedness, Liens, Investments or Restricted Payments . Incur or otherwise suffer to exist or become effective or remain liable on or responsible for any Contractual Obligation limiting or restricting the ability of (a) any Credit Party to make Restricted Payments to, or investments in, or repay Indebtedness of, or otherwise sell property to, any Credit Party or (b) any Credit Party to incur or suffer to exist any Lien upon any property of any Credit Party, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, securing any of its Obligations (including any such limitation or restriction in the form of any equal and ratable clause and any similar Contractual Obligation requiring, when a Lien is granted on any property, another Lien to be granted on such property or any other property), except, for each of clauses (a) and (b) above, (w) pursuant to customary provisions restricting pledges, assignments, subletting or other transfers contained in leases, licenses and similar agreements entered in the ordinary course of business that are not prohibited by this Agreement (provided that such restrictions are limited to the property or assets subject to such leases, licenses, or agreements), (x) pursuant to the Loan Documents, (y) pursuant to the Revolving Loan Documents and (z) limitations on Liens (other than those securing any Obligation) on any property whose acquisition, repair, improvement or construction is financed by Capital Lease Obligations or Purchase Money Indebtedness in reliance upon Section 5.1(b) or (z) set forth in the Contractual Obligations governing such Indebtedness with respect thereto. 5.9 Modification of Certain Documents . Amend, waive, or otherwise modify its charter or by-laws or other 
 37 

 Organizational Documents in a manner adverse to the interest of the Agent or Lenders. 5.10 Accounting Changes; Fiscal Year . Change its (a) accounting treatment or reporting practices, except as required by GAAP or any Requirement of Law applicable to such Credit Party or (b) its Fiscal Year or its method for determining Fiscal Quarters. 5.11 Changes to Name, Locations, Etc. (a) Change (i) its name, Chief Executive Office, registered office, corporate offices from those set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.2) , (ii) its warehouses or other Collateral locations, or location of its records concerning the Collateral from those locations set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.2) , (iii) the type of legal entity that it is, (iv) its organization identification number, if any, issued by its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization or (v) its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization from that set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.2) or (b) acquire, lease or use any real estate after the Closing Date without such Person, in each instance, giving thirty (30) days prior written notice thereof to Agent and taking all actions deemed necessary or appropriate by Agent to continuously protect and perfect Agent s Liens upon the Collateral. 5.12 Bank Accounts. (a) Establish any depository or other bank account of any kind with any financial institution (other than the accounts set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.26) and Excluded Accounts) in each case, without Agent s prior written consent (except that Agent s prior written consent shall not be required to establish any such accounts with the Revolving Agent), and then (except in the case of Excluded Accounts) only after such Credit Party has implemented Control Agreements with respect to any such accounts (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any accounts established with Revolving Agent, but excluding any Excluded Accounts) such bank or financial institution and Agent reasonably acceptable to Agent or (b) close or permit to be closed any of the accounts listed on Disclosure Schedule (3.26) (other than Excluded Accounts), in each case without Agent s prior written consent. 5.13 Margin Regulations . Use all or any portion of the proceeds of any credit extended hereunder to purchase or carry Margin Stock in contravention of Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board. 5.14 Compliance with ERISA and Canadian Pension Plans . No ERISA Affiliate shall cause or suffer to exist (a) any event that could reasonably be expected to result in the imposition of a Lien with respect to any Title IV Plan or Multiemployer Plan or (b) any other ERISA Event, that would, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount. No Credit Party shall cause or suffer to exist any event that could reasonably be expected to result in the imposition of a Lien with respect to any Plan. No Credit Party nor any Subsidiary thereof shall cause or suffer to exist any event that could reasonably be expected to result in the wind-up of a Canadian Pension Plan that would result in a solvency deficiency in excess of the Threshold Amount. No Credit Party nor any Subsidiary thereof may (i) contribute to or assume an obligation to contribute to any Canadian Pension Plan that contains a defined benefit provision, as defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada), or (ii) acquire an interest in any Person if such Person sponsors, administers, maintains or contributes to or has any liability in respect of any Canadian Pension Plan that contains a defined benefit provision, as defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada), in either case without the prior written consent of the Agent. 5.15 Hazardous Materials . Cause or suffer to exist any Release of any Hazardous Material at, to or from any Real Property owned, leased, subleased or otherwise operated or occupied by any Credit Party that would violate any Environmental Law, form the basis for any Environmental Liabilities or otherwise adversely affect the value or marketability of any real property (whether or not owned by any Credit Party), other than such violations, Environmental Liabilities and effects that could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.16 Modifications to Revolving Loan Documents and Subordinated Debt . (a) Without the prior written consent of the Agent unless expressly permitted pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, permit any changes, amendments or modifications to the Revolving Loan Documents that (i) would be adverse to the Agent or the Lenders, (ii) would result in a material increase in any facility fee or other fee applicable to Indebtedness under the Revolving Loan Agreement, provided that such prohibition shall not apply to customary amendment fees paid in consideration for a modification or amendment of the Revolving Loan Agreement, (iii) modify the prepayment provisions of the Revolving Loan Agreement, or (iv) would modify Section 7.18 of the Revolving Loan Agreement. (b) Without the prior written consent of the Agent in its sole discretion, permit any changes, amendments or 
 38 

 modifications to the Capital Provision Documents that would be adverse to the Agent or the Lenders (it being understood and agreed that any amendment of any kind to the Capital Provision Agreement is hereby deemed to be adverse to the Agent and Lenders and shall require the prior written consent of the Agent). The Borrower shall notify Agent promptly after the termination, if any, of the Capital Provision Agreement and Borrower shall promptly terminate (and make filings evidencing the termination of), and/or use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Capital Providers to terminate (and make filings to evidence the termination of), any Liens that the Capital Providers may have had on the assets of the Borrower, including without limitation the termination of all UCC financing statements made by the Capital Providers in connection with the Capital Provision Agreement, to the extent that Holdings no longer has any obligations under the Capital Provision Agreement. (c) Without the prior written consent of Agent in its sole discretion, permit any changes, amendments or modifications to the Subordinated Debt Documents in violation of the Subordination Agreement. 5.17 Inactive Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, allow any Inactive Subsidiary to (i) engage in any business activities or conduct any operations, other than maintaining its corporate existence pending its dissolution pursuant to Section 5.4 hereof, (ii) own any material assets, (iii) have any Subsidiaries or (iv) have or incur any liabilities (other than (A) those existing as of the Closing Date, and (B) any contingent liability arising under this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any of the Revolving Loan Documents), without first obtaining Agent s prior written consent. 5.18 Compliance with Anti-Terrorism Laws . (a) Directly or indirectly, in connection with the Loans, knowingly (i) conduct any business or engage in making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any Embargoed Person, (ii) deal in, or otherwise engage in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked pursuant to any Anti-Terrorism Law or (iii) engage in or conspire to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in any Anti-Terrorism Law. (b) Directly or indirectly, in connection with the Loans, knowingly cause or permit any of the funds of such Credit Party that are used to repay the Loans to be derived from any unlawful activity with the result that the making of the Loans would be in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law. (c) Reserved. (d) Deliver to the Lenders any certification or other evidence requested from time to time by any Lender in its reasonable discretion, confirming the Credit Parties compliance with this Section 5.18 . 5.19 Sale-Leasebacks . Permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage in a sale leaseback, synthetic lease or similar transaction involving any of its assets. 5.20 Leases . Enter as lessee into any lease arrangement for real or personal property if after giving effect thereto, aggregate annual rental payments for all leased property of the Credit Parties in any Fiscal Year would exceed 1,335,000. 5.21 Captive Insurance Subsidiaries . Form any Captive Insurance Subsidiary unless such Person is approved by the Agent in writing in advance as a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary. If the Borrower desires to request that a Captive Insurance Subsidiary be approved as a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary, then the Borrower shall notify the Agent at least 30 Business Days (or such shorter period as Agent may agree in its sole discretion) in advance of the date on which such Person is requested to constitute a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary under this Agreement, shall provide the Agent with a summary of all material information regarding such proposed Captive Insurance Subsidiary and its proposed activities and any other detail reasonably requested by Agent in connection therewith. The Agent shall review the request and use commercially reasonable efforts to either approve or reject, on or prior to the date that is 30 Business Days after it has received the request from the Borrower, that the proposed Captive Insurance Subsidiary be deemed to constitute a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary under this Agreement; provided, that if the Agent has not made such a determination by the date that is 30 Business Days after receipt of the request from Borrower, 
 39 

 then Agent is deemed to have rejected such request by Borrower. If Agent approves the request from Borrower to treat a Captive Insurance Subsidiary as a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary, then such Person shall be treated as a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary on the date, and pursuant to the other terms, set forth in a notice delivered by the Agent to the Borrower at such time. 5.22 Payments under the Revolving Loan Agreement . At any time, directly or indirectly, pay, prepay, repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire, or make any payment on account of any principal of, interest on or premium payable in connection with the repayment or Indebtedness under the Revolving Loan Documents, provided, however, that (a) the Credit Parties may make payments of interest on and principal of the Advances in accordance with the terms of the Revolving Loan Agreement, (b) the Credit Parties may make Mandatory Prepayments (as such term is defined in the Revolving Loan Agreement) of principal on the Advances in accordance with the terms of the Revolving Loan Agreement, and (c) the Credit Parties may make payments of fees, expenses, indemnities or other obligations when due and payable in accordance with the terms of the Revolving Loan Documents. 6. SECURITY INTEREST 6.1 Grant of Security Interest . (a) As collateral security for the prompt and complete payment and performance of the Obligations, each of Borrower and each other Credit Party (in each case, that is not a Canadian Credit Party) executing this Agreement, or from time to time party hereto, hereby grants to Agent for the benefit of the Lenders a security interest in and Lien upon all of its rights, title and interests in and to its property and assets, whether real or personal, tangible or intangible, and whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or in which it now has or at any time in the future may acquire any right, title, or interest, including all of the following property in which it now has or at any time in the future may acquire any right, title or interest: (i) all Accounts;
 (ii) all deposit accounts;
 (iii) all other bank accounts and all funds on deposit therein; all money, cash and cash equivalents;
 (iv) all investment property;
 (v) all Stock and all Distributions in respect thereof;
 (vi) all goods (including, without limitation, inventory, equipment, and fixtures);
 (vii) all chattel paper, documents, documents of title and instruments;
 (viii) all Books and Records;
 (ix) all general intangibles (including, without limitation, all Intellectual Property, Intellectual Property applications, contract rights, choses in action, payment intangibles, licenses, Permits, and software, and all rights and interests under any key man life insurance policies);
 (x) all letter-of-credit rights;
 (xi) all commercial tort claims, including those listed on Disclosure Schedule (6.5);
 (xii) all property, including all property of every description, in custody or in transit for any purpose, including safekeeping, collection or pledge, for the account of Borrower or any Credit Party or to which Borrower or any Credit Party may have any right or power, including but not limited to cash;

40 

 (xiii) all other goods (including but not limited to fixtures) and personal property, whether tangible or intangible and wherever located;
 (xiv) all supporting obligations and consents and agreements of any kind or nature that are material to the operation, management, maintenance and conduct of any Credit Party;
 (xv) all Material Real Property of every kind and nature, including leases; and
 (xvi) to the extent not otherwise included, all Proceeds, tort claims, insurance claims and other rights to payment not otherwise included in the foregoing and products of all and any of the foregoing and all accessions to, substitutions and replacements for, and rents and profits of, each of the foregoing (all of the foregoing, collectively, the Collateral ).
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the term Collateral shall not include any Excluded Assets; provided , that if and when any property shall cease to be Excluded Assets, such property shall automatically be deemed to constitute Collateral and a security interest in such property automatically shall be deemed granted therein. The Grantors shall from time to time, promptly after reasonable request by the Agent, give written notice to the Agent identifying in reasonable detail the Excluded Assets (and stating in such notice that such assets fulfill the criteria to constitute Excluded Assets under the definition thereof) and shall provide to the Agent such other information regarding the Excluded Assets as the Agent may reasonably request. (b) Borrower, Agent, each Lender and each other Grantor (in each case, other than Canadian Credit Parties) agrees that this Agreement creates, and is intended to create, valid and continuing Liens upon the Collateral in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders. Each Grantor that is not a Canadian Credit Party represents, warrants and covenants to Agent and each Lender that: (i) such Grantor has, and shall have, rights in and the power to transfer each item of the Collateral upon which it purports to grant a Lien pursuant to this Agreement, free and clear of any and all Liens or claims of others, other than Permitted Liens; (ii) the security interests granted pursuant to this Agreement, upon completion of the filings and other actions listed on Disclosure Schedule (6.1) (which, in the case of all filings and other documents referred to in said Schedule, have been delivered to the Agent in duly executed form to the extent applicable) and the filing of UCC-1 financing statements with respect to the Collateral, will constitute valid perfected security interests in all of the Collateral in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders as security for the prompt and complete payment and performance of the Obligations, enforceable in accordance with the terms hereof against any and all creditors of and purchasers from any Grantor and such security interests are prior to all other Liens on the Collateral in existence on the date hereof except for (x) to the extent specified in the Intercreditor Agreement, the Liens on the Collateral in favor of Revolving Loan Agent, and (y) Permitted Liens that have priority by operation of law (including any Permitted Lien that is a Purchase Money Lien that satisfies the requirements under the Code and/or other applicable law to take priority over the previously perfected Lien on all assets of a debtor); and (iii) no effective security agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, financing statement, equivalent security or Lien instrument or continuation statement covering all or any part of the Collateral is or will be on file or of record in any public office, except those relating to Permitted Liens. Each Grantor promises to defend the right, title and interest of Agent in and to the Collateral against the claims and demands of all Persons. (c) Each Credit Party that is not a Canadian Credit Party confirms that value has been given by the Agent to each such Credit Party, that such Credit Party has rights in the Collateral (other than after-acquired property) and that such Credit Party and the Agent have not agreed to postpone the time for attachment of the security interests created by this Agreement to any of the Collateral. The security interests created by this Agreement are intended to attach to: (i) existing Collateral when each Credit Party executes this Agreement, and (ii) Collateral subsequently acquired by each Credit Party immediately upon each such Credit Party acquiring any rights in such Collateral. 6.2 Agent s Rights . Each Grantor, with respect to each property where any Collateral is located that is owned, leased or controlled by any Grantor, during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice (unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in which event no notice shall be required and Agent shall 
 41 

 have access at any and all times): (i) provide access to such property to Agent and any of its officers, employees and agents, as frequently as Agent determines to be appropriate, (ii) permit Agent to inspect, review, evaluate and make physical verifications and appraisals of the Collateral in any manner and through any medium that Agent considers advisable, and each Grantor agrees to render to Agent, at such Grantor s cost and expense, such clerical and other assistance as may be reasonably requested with regard thereto, and (iii) permit Agent to inspect, audit and make extracts and copies (or take originals if reasonably necessary) from all of such Grantor s Books and Records; provided, that so long as no Event of Default is continuing, Borrower shall not be obligated to pay the expenses of more than three (3) such inspections or visits during each Fiscal Year of the Borrower. Each Lender may, with the consent of Agent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, accompany Agent on any such visit or inspection and such Grantor will be obligated to pay the expenses incurred by any such Lender to the extent required under Section 10.2. 6.3 Agent s Appointment as Attorney-in-fact . On the Closing Date, each Grantor shall execute and deliver a Power of Attorney in the form attached as Exhibit D . The power of attorney granted pursuant to the Power of Attorney and all powers granted under any Loan Document are powers coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable until the Termination Date. The powers conferred on Agent under each Power of Attorney are solely to protect Agent s interests in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty upon it to exercise any such powers. Agent agrees not to exercise any power or authority granted under the Power of Attorney unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Each Grantor also hereby (i) authorizes Agent to file any financing statements, financing change statement, continuation statements or amendments thereto that (x) cover the Collateral, and (y) contain any other information required by Part 5 of Article 9 of the Code and the comparable provisions of the PPSA for the sufficiency or filing office acceptance of any such financing statement, financing change statement, continuation statement or amendment and (ii) ratifies its authorization for Agent to have filed any such financing statements, if filed prior to the date hereof. Each Grantor acknowledges that, until the Obligations have been repaid in full, it is not authorized to file any financing statement or amendment or termination statement with respect to any such financing statement without the prior written consent of Agent and agrees that it will not do so without the prior written consent of Agent, subject to such Grantor s rights under Section 9-509(d)(2) of the Code. 6.4 Grant of License to Use Intellectual Property Collateral . Solely for the purpose of enabling Agent to exercise rights and remedies under Section 7.2 hereof for the benefit of the Lenders (including, without limiting the terms of Section 7.2 hereof, in order to take possession of, hold, preserve, process, assemble, prepare for sale, market for sale, sell or otherwise dispose of Collateral) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, each Grantor hereby grants to Agent an irrevocable, non-exclusive license (exercisable upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default without payment of royalty or other compensation to such Grantor) to use, transfer, license or sublicense any Intellectual Property relating to any of the Collateral now owned, licensed to, or hereafter acquired by such Grantor, and wherever the same may be located, and including in such license access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all computer software and programs used for the compilation or printout thereof, and represents, promises and agrees that any such license or sublicense is not and will not be in conflict with the contractual or commercial rights of any third Person; provided , that such license will terminate on the Termination Date. 6.5 Commercial Tort Claims . As of the Closing Date, each Credit Party hereby represents and warrants that it holds no commercial tort claims other than those listed on Disclosure Schedule (6.5). If any Credit Party shall at any time hold or acquire a commercial tort claim, such Credit Party shall immediately notify Agent in writing signed by such Credit Party of the brief details thereof, supplement Disclosure Schedule (6.5) with such details and grant to Agent in such writing a security interest therein and in the Proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent. The requirement in the preceding sentence shall not apply to the extent that the amount of such commercial tort claim, together with the amount of all other commercial tort claims held by any Credit Party in which Agent does not have a security interest, does not exceed 100,000 individually or 200,000 in the aggregate for all Credit Parties. 6.6 Duties of Agent . Agent s sole duty with respect to the custody, safekeeping and physical preservation of the Collateral in its possession shall be to deal with it in the same manner as Agent deals with similar property for its own account. The powers conferred on Agent hereunder are solely to protect Agent s interest in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty upon Agent to exercise any such powers. Agent shall be accountable only for amounts that it receives as a result of the exercise of such powers, and neither it nor any of its Related Persons shall be responsible to any 
 42 

 Grantor for any act or failure to act hereunder, except for their own gross negligence or willful misconduct as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. In addition, Agent shall not be liable or responsible for any loss or damage to any Collateral, or for any diminution in the value thereof, by reason of the act or omission of any warehousemen, carrier, forwarding agency, consignee or other bailee if such Person has been selected by Agent in good faith. 7. EVENTS OF DEFAULT: RIGHTS AND REMEDIES 7.1 Events of Default . The occurrence of any one or more of the following events (regardless of the reason therefor) shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder which shall be deemed to be continuing until waived in writing by Agent in accordance with Section 9.3 or cured in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement: (a) Any Credit Party shall fail to pay (i) the principal in respect of the Loan when due and payable or declared due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof, or (ii) interest in respect of the Loan or any other Obligations within three (3) days after any such other Obligation becomes due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof or any other Loan Document; or (b) any representation or warranty in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or in any written statement pursuant hereto or thereto, or in any written report, financial statement or certificate made or delivered to Agent by Borrower or any other Credit Party shall be untrue or incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made, regardless of whether such breach involves a representation or warranty with respect to a Credit Party that has not signed this Agreement; or (c) Borrower or any other Credit Party shall fail or neglect to perform, keep or observe any of the covenants, agreements, requirements, or other terms or provisions to be performed, kept or observed by Borrower or such other Credit Party contained in (i) Section 3.1(a)(i)(A) (with respect to such Person s legal existence), Section 3.16 , Section 3.22 , Section 3.23 , Section 3.26(c) , Section 3.31 , Section 3.36 , Section 4.1(a) , (b) . (c), (d) or (j) , Section 4.2 , Section 4.3, each subsection of Section 5 , and each subsection of Section 6 of this Agreement, or the SBA Side Letter, or (ii) Section 3.21 or any other provision of Section 4.1 (other than referred to under the preceding clause (i)) and such failure or neglect shall continue unremedied for a period of three (3) Business Days; or (d) Borrower or any other Credit Party shall fail or neglect to perform, keep or observe any of the covenants, promises, agreements, requirements, or other terms or provisions to be performed, kept or observed by Borrower or such other Credit Party contained in Section 3.26 (other than Section 3.26(c)) or Section 3.28 of this Agreement, and such failure or neglect shall continue unremedied for a period of three (3) Business Days; or (e) Borrower or any other Credit Party shall fail or neglect to perform, keep or observe any of the covenants, promises, agreements, requirements, or other terms or provisions to be performed, kept or observed by Borrower or such other Credit Party contained in this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents (other than as specified in paragraphs (a) through (d) above), and such failure or neglect shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days after the earlier of (i) a Responsible Officer of a Credit Party having knowledge thereof, or (ii) written notice is delivered to the Borrower or such Credit Party by the Agent or any Lender; or (f) an event of default shall occur under any Contractual Obligation of the Borrower or any other Credit Party (other than this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Revolving Loan Documents or the Subordinated Loan Documents), and such event of default (i) involves the failure to make any payment (whether or not such payment is blocked pursuant to the terms of an intercreditor agreement or otherwise), whether of principal, interest or otherwise, and whether due by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise and such failure continues after the applicable grace or notice period, if any, specified in the document relating thereto, in respect of any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations, the Indebtedness under the Revolving Loan Documents and the Indebtedness under the Subordinated Notes) of such Person in an aggregate original principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount, or (ii) causes (or 
 43 

 permits any holder of such Indebtedness or a trustee to cause) such Indebtedness, or a portion thereof, in an aggregate original principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount become due prior to its stated maturity or prior to its regularly scheduled date of payment; or (g) there shall be commenced against the Borrower or any other Credit Party any Litigation seeking issuance of a warrant of attachment, execution, distraint or similar process against all or any substantial part of its assets that results in the entry of an order for any such relief that remains unstayed, undismissed or unbonded for sixty (60) consecutive days; or (h) a case or proceeding shall have been commenced involuntarily against Borrower or any other Credit Party in a court having competent jurisdiction seeking a decree or order: (i) under any Debtor Relief Law, and seeking either (x) the appointment of a custodian, receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, liquidator, assignee, trustee, monitor or sequestrator (or similar official) for such Person or of any substantial part of its properties, or (y) the reorganization or winding up or liquidation of the affairs of any such Person, and such case or proceeding shall remain undismissed, unstayed or unbonded for sixty (60) consecutive days or such court shall enter a decree or order granting the relief sought in such case or proceeding; or (ii) invalidating or denying any such Person s right, power, or competence to enter into or perform any of its obligations under any Loan Document or invalidating or denying the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any action taken hereunder or thereunder; or (i) Borrower or any other Credit Party shall (i) commence any case, proceeding or other action under any Debtor Relief Law, seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to it or seeking appointment of a custodian, receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, liquidator, assignee, trustee, monitor or sequestrator (or similar official) for it or any substantial part of its properties, (ii) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iii) consent to or take any action in furtherance of, or, indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the acts set forth in paragraph (h) of this Section 7.1 or clauses (i) and (ii) of this paragraph (i), or (iv) shall admit in writing its inability to, or shall be generally unable to, pay its debts as such debts become due; or (j) a final judgment or judgments for the payment of money in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate shall be rendered against Borrower or any other Credit Party, unless the same shall be (i) fully covered by insurance and the issuer(s) of the applicable policies have not disclaimed coverage, or (ii) vacated, stayed, bonded, paid or discharged within a period of sixty (60) consecutive days from the date of such judgment; or (k) any material provision of any Loan Document shall for any reason (other than upon satisfaction in full of the Obligations), cease to be valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms, or any Lien granted, or intended by the Loan Documents to be granted, to Agent for the benefit of the Lenders shall cease to be a valid and perfected Lien having the first priority (or a lesser priority if expressly permitted in the Loan Documents, including the Intercreditor Agreement), except to the extent that any such loss of perfection or priority results from the failure of the Agent (which failure is not due to any omission or action by Credit Parties) to maintain possession of certificates actually received representing securities pledged hereunder or under the Pledge Agreement or to file Code continuation statements in the applicable jurisdictions; or (l) a Change of Control shall have occurred; or (m) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred and are then continuing, could reasonably be expected to have Material Adverse Effect; or (n) an event of default shall occur and be continuing beyond any applicable grace or notice period, under any other Loan Document; or (o) if the obligation of any Guarantor under its Guarantee or under any of the other Loan Documents is limited or terminated by operation of law or by such Guarantor (other than in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, its Guarantee or such other Loan Documents); 
 44 

 (p) an Event of Default as defined in the Revolving Loan Agreement occurs, which shall not have been cured within any applicable grace period or waived, or if any Person (other than Agent or any Lender) party to the Intercreditor Agreement breaches or violates in any material respect, or attempts to terminate or challenge the validity of, such Intercreditor Agreement; or (q) an Event of Default as defined in either Subordinated Note occurs, which shall not have been cured within any applicable grace period or waived, or if any Person (other than Agent or any Lender) party to the Subordination Agreement applicable to either Subordinated Note breaches or violates in any material respect, or attempts to terminate or challenge the validity of, such Subordination Agreement. 7.2 Remedies . (a) If any Default shall have occurred and be continuing, then each Lender may suspend its commitment hereunder to make the Term Loan. In addition, if any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Agent may take any one or more of the following actions: (i) by notice to Borrower declare all or any portion of the Obligations to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon such Obligations shall become and be due and payable; or (ii) exercise any rights and remedies provided to Agent for the benefit of the Lenders under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the Code and the PPSA; provided , that upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in clause (i) of either Sections 7.1(h) or (i) , the Obligations shall become immediately due and payable (and any obligation of the Lenders to make the Loan, if not previously terminated, shall immediately be terminated) without declaration, notice or demand by Agent. (b) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Grantor expressly agrees that upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, Agent may collect, receive, assemble, appropriate and realize upon the Collateral, or any part thereof, and may forthwith sell, lease, assign, give an option or options to purchase or otherwise dispose of and deliver said Collateral (or contract to do so), or any part thereof, in one or more parcels at public or private sale or sales, at any exchange at such prices as it may deem best, for cash or on credit or for future delivery without assumption of any credit risk. Agent shall have the right upon any such public sale, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to purchase for the benefit of the Lenders the whole or any part of said Collateral so sold, free of any right of equity of redemption, which right each Grantor hereby releases. Such sales may be adjourned, or continued from time to time with or without notice. Agent shall have the right to conduct such sales on any Grantor s premises or elsewhere and shall have the right to use any Grantor s premises without rent or other charge for such sales or other action with respect to the Collateral for such time as Agent deems necessary or advisable. (c) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default and at Agent s request, Borrower and each other Grantor further agrees, to assemble the Collateral and make it available to Agent at places that Agent shall reasonably select, whether at its premises or elsewhere. During the continuance of an Event of Default, until Agent is able to effect a sale, lease, or other disposition of the Collateral, Agent shall have the right to complete, assemble, use or operate the Collateral or any part thereof, to the extent that Agent deems appropriate, for the purpose of preserving such Collateral or its value or for any other purpose. Agent shall have no obligation to any Grantor to maintain or preserve the rights of any Grantor as against third parties with respect to any Collateral while such Collateral is in the possession of Agent. During the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent may, if it so elects, seek the appointment of a receiver, interim receiver, or keeper to take possession of any Collateral and to enforce any of Agent s or the Lenders remedies with respect thereto without prior notice or hearing. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Borrower and each other Grantor waives all claims, damages, and demands against Agent, each Lender, their Affiliates, agents, and the officers and employees of any of them arising out of the repossession, retention or sale of any Collateral except such as are determined in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen solely out of the gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of such Person. Borrower and each other Grantor agrees that ten (10) Business Days prior notice by Agent to such Grantor of the time and place of any public sale or of the time after which a private sale may take place is reasonable notification of such matters. Borrower and each other Grantor shall remain liable for any deficiency if the proceeds of any sale or disposition of the Collateral are insufficient to pay all amounts to which Agent and each Lender are entitled. 
 45 

 (d) Agent s and each Lender s rights and remedies under this Agreement shall be cumulative and nonexclusive of any other rights and remedies that Agent and each Lender may have under any Loan Document or at applicable law or in equity. Recourse to the Collateral shall not be required. All provisions of this Agreement are intended to be subject to all applicable mandatory provisions of law that may be controlling and to be limited, to the extent necessary, so that they do not render this Agreement invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part. 7.3 Waivers by Credit Parties. Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Borrower and each other Credit Party executing this Agreement waives: (a) presentment, demand and protest, and notice of presentment, dishonor, intent to accelerate, protest, default, nonpayment, maturity, release, compromise, settlement, extension or renewal of any or all Loan Documents; (b) all rights to notice and a hearing prior to Agent s taking possession or control of, or to Agent s replevy, attachment or levy upon, any Collateral or any bond or security that might be required by any court prior to allowing Agent or any Lender to exercise any of their remedies; and (c) the benefit of all valuation, appraisal and exemption laws. Borrower and each other Credit Party executing this Agreement acknowledges that it has been advised by counsel of its choices and decisions with respect to this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the transactions evidenced hereby and thereby. 7.4 Proceeds . The Proceeds of any sale, disposition or other realization upon any Collateral during the continuance of an Event of Default shall be applied by Agent upon receipt to the Obligations in such order as Agent may deem advisable in its sole discretion and after the indefeasible payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all of the Obligations, and after the payment by Agent of any other amount required by any applicable provision of law, including Sections 9-608(a)(1) and 9-615(a)(3) of the Code and the comparable provisions of the PPSA (but only after Agent has received what Agent considers reasonable proof of a subordinate party s security interest), the surplus, if any, shall be paid to the applicable Grantor or its representatives or to whomsoever may be lawfully entitled to receive the same, or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct. In the event that any such Proceeds are insufficient to pay the Obligations in full, the Credit Parties shall remain liable, jointly and severally, for any deficiency. 8. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS (a) Each Loan Document shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of Borrower and each other Credit Party executing such Loan Document, Agent, each Lender, and their respective successors and assigns, except as otherwise provided herein or therein. If more than one party signs this instrument as Borrower, then the term Borrower as used herein shall mean all of such parties, jointly and severally. Except as expressly permitted under Section 5.3 , neither Borrower nor any other Credit Party may assign, transfer, hypothecate, delegate or otherwise convey its rights, benefits, obligations or duties under any Loan Document without the prior express written consent of Agent. Any such purported conveyance by Borrower or such Credit Party without the prior express written consent of Agent shall be void. There shall be no third party beneficiaries of any of the terms and provisions of any of the Loan Documents. Each Lender reserves the right at any time to create and sell participations in the Loan and the Loan Documents to any other Person (a Participant and to sell, transfer or assign any or all of its rights in the Loan and under the Loan Documents to one or more Persons (other than any Affiliate of the Credit Parties) (an Assignee ), in each case, subject to the terms and conditions of this Section 8 . Any such sale, transfer or assignment shall be effected by a written assignment agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit I attached hereto (an Assignment Agreement delivered by such Assignee Agent and such Assignee shall pay to Agent an assignment fee in the amount of 3,500, which shall be paid to the Agent on the effective date of each such Assignment Agreement. Agent shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of Borrower, maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment Agreement delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of each Lender and the principal amount of the Term Loan owing to each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and Borrower, Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. Any assignment of the Term Loan, whether or not evidenced by a Note, shall be effective only upon appropriate entries with respect thereto being made in the Register. Any assignment or transfer of all or part of the Term Loan evidenced by a Note shall be registered on the Register only upon surrender for registration of assignment or transfer of such Note evidencing the Loan, accompanied by a duly executed 
 46 

 Assignment Agreement or transfer; thereupon a new Note in the same aggregate principal amount shall be issued to the designated Assignee, and the old Note shall be returned to Borrower marked canceled. The Register shall be available for inspection by Borrower at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, each Credit Party, the Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under their Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 1.7 , subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 8(b) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 8(b) shall be delivered to the participating Lender), to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment; provided that such Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 1.7 with respect to any participation than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a change in applicable law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, Agent (in its capacity as Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. (b) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to Borrower and Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent as will enable Borrower or Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iv) of this Section 8(b) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that Borrower is a U.S. Borrower: (i) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to Borrower and Agent on or about the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; (ii) any Lender that is not a U.S. Person (a Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: (A) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form 
 47 

 W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; (B) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; (C) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the IRC, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the IRC, a 10 percent shareholder of Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the IRC, or a controlled foreign corporation related to Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the IRC (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W 8BEN-E; or (D) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W 8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; (iii) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrower and Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit Borrower or Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and (iv) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the IRC, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to Borrower and Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the IRC) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent as may be necessary for Borrower and Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (iv), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify Borrower and Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 48 

 9. AGENT 9.1 Appointment and Duties . (a) Appointment of Agent . Each Lender hereby appoints EICF AGENT LLC (together with any successor Agent pursuant to Section 9.9) as Agent hereunder and authorizes Agent to (i) execute and deliver the Loan Documents and accept delivery thereof on its behalf from any Credit Party, (ii) take such action on its behalf and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies and perform the duties as are expressly delegated to Agent under such Loan Documents and (iii) exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. (b) Duties as Collateral and Disbursing Agent . Without limiting the generality of clause (a) above, Agent shall have the sole and exclusive right and authority (to the exclusion of the Lenders), and is hereby authorized, to (i) act as the disbursing and collecting agent for the Lenders with respect to all payments and collections arising in connection with the Loan Documents (including in any proceeding described in Section 7.1(h) or (i) or any other bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding), and each Person making any payment in connection with any Loan Document to any Lender is hereby authorized to make such payment to Agent, (ii) file and prove claims and file other documents necessary or desirable to allow the claims of the Lenders with respect to any Obligation in any proceeding described in Section 7.1(h) or (i) or any other bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding (but not to vote, consent or otherwise act on behalf of such Lender), (iii) act as collateral agent for each Lender for purposes of the perfection of all Liens created by such agreements and all other purposes stated therein, (iv) manage, supervise and otherwise deal with the Collateral, (v) take such other action as is necessary or desirable to maintain the perfection and priority of the Liens created or purported to be created by the Loan Documents, (vi) except as may be otherwise specified in any Loan Document, exercise all remedies given to Agent and the other Lenders with respect to the Collateral, whether under the Loan Documents, applicable Requirements of Law or otherwise and (vii) execute any amendment, consent or waiver under the Loan Documents on behalf of any Lender that has consented in writing to such amendment, consent or waiver; provided , however , that Agent hereby appoints, authorizes and directs each Lender to act as collateral sub-agent for Agent and the Lenders for purposes of the perfection of all Liens with respect to the Collateral, including any deposit account maintained by a Credit Party with, and cash and cash equivalents held by, such Lender, and may further authorize and direct the Lenders to take further actions as collateral sub-agents for purposes of enforcing such Liens or otherwise to transfer the Collateral subject thereto to Agent, and each Lender hereby agrees to take such further actions to the extent, and only to the extent, so authorized and directed. (c) Limited Duties . Under the Loan Documents, Agent (i) is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders, with duties that are entirely administrative in nature, notwithstanding the use of the defined term Agent , the terms agent , administrative agent and collateral agent and similar terms in any Loan Document to refer to Agent, which terms are used for title purposes only, (ii) is not assuming any obligation under any Loan Document other than as expressly set forth therein or any role as agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender and (iii) shall have no implied functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or other liabilities under any Loan Document, and each Lender hereby waives and agrees not to assert any claim against Agent based on the roles, duties and legal relationships expressly disclaimed in clauses (i) through (iii) above. 9.2 Binding Effect. Each Lender agrees that (i) any action taken by Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if expressly required hereby, a greater proportion of the Lenders) in accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents, (ii) any action taken by Agent in reliance upon the instructions of Required Lenders (or, where so required, such greater proportion) and (iii) the exercise by Agent or the Required Lenders (or, where so required, such greater proportion) of the powers set forth herein or therein, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be authorized and binding upon all of the Lenders. 9.3 Use of Discretion . (a) No Action without Instructions . Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take, or to omit to take, any action, including with respect to enforcement or collection, except any action it is required to take or omit to take (i) under any Loan Document or (ii) pursuant to instructions from the Required Lenders (or, where expressly required by the terms of this Agreement, a greater proportion of the Lenders). 
 49 

 (b) Right Not to Follow Certain Instructions . Notwithstanding clause (a) above, Agent shall not be required to take, or to omit to take, any action (i) unless, upon demand, Agent receives an indemnification satisfactory to it from the Lenders against all costs, expenses, claims, actions or liabilities that, by reason of such action or omission, may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against Agent or any Related Person thereof or (ii) that is, in the opinion of Agent or its counsel, contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Requirement of Law. 9.4 Delegation of Rights and Duties. Agent may, upon any term or condition it specifies, delegate or exercise any of its rights, powers and remedies under, and delegate or perform any of its duties or any other action with respect to, any Loan Document by or through any trustee, co-agent, employee, attorney-in-fact and any other Person (including any Lender). Any such Person shall benefit from this Section 9 to the extent provided by Agent. 9.5 Reliance and Liability . (a) Agent may, without incurring any liability hereunder, (i) treat the payee of any Note as its holder until such Note has been assigned in accordance with Section 8(a) , (ii) rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 8(a) , (iii) consult with any of its Related Persons and, whether or not selected by it, any other advisors, accountants and other experts (including advisors to, and accountants and experts engaged by, any Credit Party) and (iv) rely and act upon any document and information (including those transmitted by electronic transmission) and any telephone message or conversation, in each case believed by it to be genuine and transmitted, signed or otherwise authenticated by the appropriate parties. (b) None of Agent and its Related Persons shall be liable to any Lender for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them under or in connection with any Loan Document (x) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Section 10.1(b) or (y) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, and each Lender hereby waive and shall not assert any right, claim or cause of action based thereon, except to the extent of liabilities resulting primarily from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Agent or, as the case may be, such Related Person (each as determined in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction) in connection with the duties expressly set forth herein. Without limiting the foregoing, Agent: (i) shall not be responsible or otherwise incur liability to any Lender for any action or omission taken in reliance upon the instructions of the Required Lenders or for the actions or omissions of any of its Related Persons selected with reasonable care (other than employees, officers and directors of Agent, when acting on behalf of Agent); (ii) shall not be responsible to any Lender for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, effectiveness, genuineness, sufficiency or value of, or the attachment, perfection or priority of any Lien created or purported to be created under or in connection with, any Loan Document; (iii) makes no warranty or representation, and shall not be responsible, to any Lender for any statement, document, information, representation or warranty made or furnished by or on behalf of any Related Person or any Credit Party in connection with any Loan Document or any transaction contemplated therein or any other document or information with respect to any Credit Party, whether or not transmitted or (except for documents expressly required under any Loan Document to be transmitted to the Lenders) omitted to be transmitted by Agent, including as to completeness, accuracy, scope or adequacy thereof, or for the scope, nature or results of any due diligence performed by Agent in connection with the Loan Documents; and (iv) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any provision of any Loan Document, whether any condition set forth in any Loan Document is satisfied or waived, as to the financial condition of any Credit Party or as to the existence or continuation or possible occurrence or continuation of any Default and shall not be deemed to have notice or 
 50 

 knowledge of such occurrence or continuation unless it has received a notice from Borrower or any Lender describing such Default clearly labeled notice of default (in which case Agent shall promptly give notice of such receipt to all Lenders); and, for each of the items set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) above, each Lender hereby waives and agrees not to assert any right, claim or cause of action it might have against Agent based thereon. 9.6 Agent Individually. Agent and its Affiliates may make loans and other extensions of credit to, acquire Stock of, engage in any kind of business with, any Credit Party or Affiliate thereof as though it were not acting as Agent and may receive separate fees and other payments therefor. To the extent Agent or any of its Affiliates makes any Loan or otherwise becomes a Lender hereunder, it shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and shall be subject to the same obligations and liabilities as any other Lender and the terms Lender , Required Lender and any similar terms shall, except where otherwise expressly provided in any Loan Document, include, without limitation, Agent or such Affiliate, as the case may be, in its individual capacity as Lender or as one of the Required Lenders. 9.7 Protective Advances. Agent is hereby authorized by the Credit Parties and Lenders, at any time in Agent s and Co-Lead Arranger s sole discretion, regardless of (i) the existence of a Default or an Event of Default, (ii) whether any of the other applicable conditions precedent set forth in this Agreement to the making of any Term Loan have not been satisfied, or (iii) any other contrary provision of this Agreement, to make advances to Borrower on behalf of the Lenders in an amount not exceeding 10 of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then outstanding, which advances Agent, in its reasonable business judgment, deems necessary or desirable (A) to preserve or protect the Collateral, or any portion thereof, (B) to enhance the likelihood of, or maximize the amount of, repayment of the Obligations, or (C) to pay any other amount chargeable to the Credit Parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement Protective Advances ). Protective Advances shall be deemed to be Term Loans under this Agreement and entitled to all of the rights and benefits applicable to Term Loans hereunder; provided, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Protective Advances may cause the total principal amount of the Term Loans to equal up to 110 of the sum of (x) the total principal amount of the Closing Date Term Loan Commitment (as in effect immediately prior to funding the Closing Date Term Loans) and (y) the total principal amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments as in effect on the Closing Date. The Lenders shall be obligated to fund Protective Advances upon request by Agent (made with the consent of Agent and Co-Lead Arranger) and reimburse and/or otherwise effect a settlement with Agent therefor upon demand of Agent in accordance with their respective Protective Advance Percentages. To the extent any Protective Advances are not actually funded by the other Lenders as provided for herein, any such Protective Advances funded by Agent shall be deemed to be Protective Advances made by and owing to Agent, and Agent shall be entitled to all rights (including accrual of interest) and remedies of a Lender with respect to such Protective Advances. 9.8 Expenses; Indemnities . (a) Each Lender agrees to reimburse Agent and each of its Related Persons (to the extent not reimbursed by any Credit Party) promptly upon demand for such Lender s pro rata share with respect to the Loan of any costs and expenses (including fees, charges and disbursements of financial, legal and other advisors and taxes paid in the name of, or on behalf of, any Credit Party) that may be incurred by Agent or any of its Related Persons in connection with the preparation, syndication, execution, delivery, administration, modification, consent, waiver or enforcement (whether through negotiations, through any work-out, bankruptcy, restructuring or other legal or other proceeding or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of its rights or responsibilities under, any Loan Document. (b) Each Lender further agrees to indemnify Agent and each of its Related Persons (to the extent not reimbursed by any Credit Party), from and against such Lender s aggregate pro rata share with respect to the Loan of the costs, expenses, claims and liabilities (including (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender, but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so, (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 8(a) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register, and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender) that may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against Agent or any of its Related Persons in any matter relating to or arising out of, in connection with or as a result of any Loan Document, or any other act, event or transaction related, contemplated in or attendant to any such document, or, in each case, any action taken or omitted to be taken by Agent or any of 
 51 

 its Related Persons under or with respect to any of the foregoing; provided , however , that no Lender shall be liable to Agent or any of its Related Persons to the extent such liability has resulted primarily from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Agent or, as the case may be, such Related Person, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment or order. (c) 9.9 Resignation of Agent . (a) Agent may resign at any time by delivering notice of such resignation to the Lenders and Borrower, effective on the date set forth in such notice or, if no such date is set forth therein, upon the date such notice shall be effective. If Agent delivers any such notice, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Agent. If, within thirty (30) days after the retiring Agent having given notice of resignation, no successor Agent has been appointed by the Required Lenders that has accepted such appointment, then the retiring Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Agent from among the Lenders. Each appointment under this clause (a) shall be subject to the prior consent of Borrower, which may not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, but shall not be required during the continuance of an Event of Default under Section 7.1(a) , (h) or (i) . (b) Effective immediately upon its resignation, (i) the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents, (ii) the Lenders shall assume and perform all of the duties of Agent until a successor Agent shall have accepted a valid appointment hereunder, (iii) the retiring Agent and its Related Persons shall no longer have the benefit of any provision of any Loan Document other than with respect to any actions taken or omitted to be taken while such retiring Agent was, or because such Agent had been, validly acting as Agent under the Loan Documents and (iv) subject to its rights under Section 9.3 , the retiring Agent shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary to assign to the successor Agent its rights as Agent under the Loan Documents. Effective immediately upon its acceptance of a valid appointment as Agent, a successor Agent shall succeed to, and become vested with, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent under the Loan Documents. 9.10 Release of Collateral. Each Lender hereby consents to the release and hereby directs Agent to release (or, in the case of clause (ii) below, release or subordinate) any Lien held by Agent for the benefit of the Lenders against (i) any Collateral that is sold by a Credit Party in an Asset Sale , lease, transfer or other disposition permitted by the Loan Documents (including pursuant to a valid waiver or consent), (ii) any property subject to a Lien permitted hereunder to secure Purchase Money Obligations, (iii) any Collateral to the extent that Agent is required to release such Lien pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement in connection with the exercise by the Revolving Agent of rights and remedies against the Collateral,(iv) if the property subject to such Lien is owned by a Guarantor, upon release of such Guarantor from its obligations pursuant to a transaction permitted by Section 5.3 , and (v) all of the Collateral and all Credit Parties, upon the Termination Date. Each Lender hereby directs Agent, and Agent hereby agrees, upon receipt of reasonable advance notice from Borrower, to execute and deliver or file such documents and to perform other actions reasonably necessary to release the Liens when and as directed in this Section 9.10 . 10. MISCELLANEOUS 10.1 Complete Agreement; Modification of Agreement . (a) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the complete agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, supersede all prior agreements, commitments, understandings or inducements (oral or written, expressed or implied). Borrower and each other Credit Party executing this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall have all duties and obligations under this Agreement and such other Loan Documents from the date of its execution and delivery, regardless of whether the Loan has been funded at that time. (b) No amendment or waiver of any provision of any Loan Document and no consent to any departure by any Credit Party therefrom shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed (1) in the case of an amendment, consent or waiver to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency or granting a new Lien for the benefit of the Lenders or extending an existing Lien over additional property, by Agent and 
 52 

 Borrower and any other Credit Party which is a party to such agreement, (2) in the case of any other waiver or consent, by the Required Lenders (or by Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and (3) in the case of any other amendment, by the Required Lenders (or by Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and Borrower and any other Credit Party which is a party to such agreement; provided , however , that no amendment, consent or waiver described in clause (2) or (3) above shall, unless in writing and signed by each Lender directly affected thereby (or by Agent with the consent of such Lender), in addition to any other Person the signature of which is otherwise required pursuant to any Loan Document, do any of the following: (i) waive any condition specified in Section 2.1 , except any condition referring to any other provision of any Loan Document; (ii) increase the Closing Date Term Loan Commitment or Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of such Lender or subject such Lender to any additional material obligation; (iii) reduce (including through release, forgiveness, assignment or otherwise) (A) the principal amount of, the interest rate on, or any obligation of Borrower to repay (whether or not on a fixed date), any outstanding Loan owing to such Lender, or (B) any Fee or accrued interest payable to such Lender; (iv) waive or postpone any scheduled maturity date or other scheduled date fixed for the payment, in whole or in part, of principal of or interest on any Term Loan or Fee owing to such Lender or for the reduction of such Lender s Closing Date Term Loan Commitment or Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment; provided , however , that this clause (iv) does not apply to any change to Mandatory Prepayments, including those required under Section 1.2 , or to the application of any payment, including as set forth in Section 1.8 ; (v) except as provided in Section 9.10 , release all or substantially all of the Collateral or any Guarantor from its guarantee of any Obligation of Borrower; (vi) reduce or increase the proportion of Lenders required for the Lenders (or any subset thereof) to take any action hereunder or change the definition of the term Required Lenders (vii) amend Section 10.14 or this Section 10.1 ; (viii) enter into, amend or otherwise modify, any agreement or arrangement with another Person, the effect of which entering into, amendment or modification is to either (A) subordinate the payment of the Obligations to the payment of any indebtedness, liabilities or other obligations held by any other Person, or (B) subordinate the Lien securing the Obligations to any Lien held by any other Person as security for any indebtedness, liabilities or other obligations held by any other Person; provided, however, that this clause (viii) shall not apply to any payment subordination or Lien subordination effected in connection with the making of Protective Advances under this Agreement, that are approved by both Agent and Co-Lead Arranger, in an amount not exceeding 10 of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then outstanding; and provided , further , that (x)(A) any waiver of any payment applied pursuant to Section 1.8 to, and any modification of the application of any such payment to the Term Loan shall require the consent of the Required Lenders, and (B) any change to the definition of the term Required Lenders shall require the consent of the Required Lenders, (y) no amendment, waiver or consent shall affect the rights or duties under any Loan Document of, or any payment to, Agent (or otherwise modify any provision of Section 9 or the application thereof) unless in writing and signed by Agent in addition to any signature otherwise required and (z) the consent of Borrower shall not be required to change any order of priority set forth in Section 1.8 . (c) Each waiver or consent under any Loan Document shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which it was given. No notice to or demand on any Credit Party shall entitle any Credit Party to any notice or demand in the same, similar or other circumstances. No failure on the part of any Lender to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor 
 53 

 shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. 10.2 Expenses . Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse Agent and CION (but not any Assignee or Participants) for all costs and expenses (including the fees and expenses of all counsel retained in connection therewith), incurred in connection with: (a) the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery, performance and enforcement of the Loan Documents and the preservation of any rights thereunder, provided, that in the case of legal expenses incurred in connection with the initial documentation and negotiation of the Loan Documents being delivered on the Closing Date, Agent and CION shall be limited to (x) one counsel for Agent and CION taken together (except (i) in the case where one or more discrete legal issues arise during the course of the documentation process for which CION reasonably finds it desirable to obtain its separate legal counsel, and/or (ii) where a conflict of interest arises between Agent and CION, in each of which cases Borrower shall be obligated to pay or reimburse the reasonable legal fees of CION in addition to those of Agent), (y) to the extent reasonably necessary, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction, and (z) such regulatory or other specialist counsel (which shall include SBA counsel to EICF) as reasonably necessary in connection with the Transactions; (b) collection, including deficiency collections; (c) any amendment, waiver or other modification with respect to any Loan Document or advice in connection with the administration of the Loan or the rights thereunder; and (d) any litigation, dispute, suit, proceeding or action (whether instituted by or between any combination of Agent, any Lender, Borrower or any other Person), and an appeal or review thereof, in any way relating to the Collateral, any Loan Document, or any action taken or any other agreements to be executed or delivered in connection therewith, whether as a party, witness or otherwise, provided however , that upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse Agent and CION (but not any Assignee or Participants) for all additional costs and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of all counsel, advisors, consultants and auditors retained in connection therewith), incurred in connection with any effort (i) to monitor the Loan, (ii) to evaluate, observe or assess Borrower or any other Credit Party or the affairs of such Person, and (iii) to verify, protect, evaluate, assess, appraise, collect, sell, liquidate or otherwise dispose of the Collateral. 10.3 No Waiver . Neither Agent s failure, at any time, to require strict performance by Borrower or any other Credit Party of any provision of any Loan Document, nor Agent s or any Lender s failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, any right, power or privilege hereunder, shall operate as a waiver thereof or waive, affect or diminish any right of Agent or any Lender thereafter to demand strict compliance and performance therewith. No single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder shall preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. Any suspension or waiver of a Default or other provision under the Loan Documents shall not suspend, waive or affect any other Default or other provision under any Loan Document, and shall not be construed as a bar to any right or remedy that Agent or any Lender would otherwise have had on any future occasion. None of the undertakings, indemnities, agreements, warranties, covenants and representations of Borrower or any other Credit Party to Agent or any Lender contained in any Loan Document and no Default by Borrower or any other Credit Party under any Loan Document shall be deemed to have been suspended or waived by Agent or any Lender, unless such waiver or suspension is by an instrument in writing signed by an officer or other authorized employee of Agent or the Lenders, as applicable, and directed to Borrower, specifying such suspension or waiver (and then such waiver shall be effective only to the extent therein expressly set forth), and neither Agent nor any Lender shall, by any act (other than execution of a formal written waiver), delay, omission or otherwise, be deemed to have waived any of its rights or remedies hereunder. 10.4 Severability; Section Titles. Wherever possible, each provision of the Loan Documents shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of any Loan Document shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of such Loan Document. Except as otherwise expressly provided for in the Loan Documents, no termination or cancellation (regardless of cause or procedure) of any financing arrangement under the Loan Documents shall in any way affect or impair the Obligations, duties, covenants, representations and warranties, indemnities, and liabilities of Borrower or any other Credit Party or the rights of Agent or any Lender relating to any unpaid Obligation, (due or not due, liquidated, contingent or unliquidated), or any transaction or event occurring prior to such termination, or any transaction or event, the performance of which is not required until after the Maturity Date, all of which shall not terminate or expire, but rather shall survive such termination or cancellation and shall continue in full force and effect until the Termination Date; provided , that all indemnity obligations of the Credit Parties under the Loan Documents shall 
 54 

 survive the Termination Date. The Section titles contained in any Loan Document are and shall be without substantive meaning or content of any kind whatsoever and are not a part of the agreement between parties hereto. 10.5 Authorized Signature. Until Agent shall be notified in writing by Borrower or any other Credit Party to the contrary, the signature upon any document or instrument delivered pursuant hereto and believed by Agent or any of Agent s officers, agents, or employees to be that of an officer of Borrower or such other Credit Party shall bind Borrower and such other Credit Party and be deemed to be the act of Borrower or such other Credit Party affixed pursuant to and in accordance with resolutions duly adopted by Borrower s or such other Credit Party s Board of Directors, and Agent shall be entitled to assume the authority of each signature and authority of the Person whose signature it is or appears to be unless the Person acting in reliance thereon shall have actual knowledge to the contrary. 10.6 Notices . Except as otherwise provided herein, whenever any notice, demand, request or other communication shall or may be given to or served upon any party by any other party, or whenever any party desires to give or serve upon any other party any communication with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, each communication shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been validly served, given or delivered (a) upon the earlier of actual receipt and three (3) Business Days after deposit in the United States Mail, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, with proper postage prepaid, (b) upon transmission, when sent by telecopy or other similar facsimile transmission (with such telecopy or facsimile promptly confirmed by delivery of a copy by personal delivery or United States Mail as otherwise provided in this Section 10.6 ), (c) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a reputable overnight courier with all charges prepaid or (d) when hand-delivered, all of which shall be addressed to the party to be notified and sent to the address or facsimile number indicated in Schedule C or to such other address (or facsimile number) as may be substituted by notice given as herein provided. Failure or delay in delivering copies of any such communication to any Person (other than Borrower, any other Credit Party, Agent or any Lender) designated in Schedule C to receive copies shall in no way adversely affect the effectiveness of such communication. 10.7 Counterparts. Any Loan Document may be authenticated in any number of separate counterparts by any one or more of the parties thereto, and all of said counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any Loan Document may be authenticated by manual signature, facsimile or, if approved in writing by Agent, electronic means, all of which shall be equally valid. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents including any Assignment Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or electronic records, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. 10.8 Time of the Essence. Time is of the essence for performance of the Obligations under the Loan Documents. 10.9 GOVERNING LAW .THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND THE OBLIGATIONS ARISING UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES THEREOF REGARDING CONFLICTS OF LAWS OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATION LAWS OF NEW YORK. 10.10 SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . (a) BORROWER AND EACH OTHER CREDIT PARTY EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY CONSENT AND AGREE THAT THE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN NEW YORK COUNTY, NEW YORK, SHALL HAVE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION TO HEAR AND DETERMINE ANY CLAIMS OR DISPUTES BETWEEN BORROWER AND SUCH CREDIT PARTY AND ANY LENDER PERTAINING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR TO ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS; PROVIDED , THAT THE LENDERS, BORROWER AND EACH CREDIT PARTY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY APPEALS FROM THOSE COURTS MAY HAVE TO BE HEARD BY A COURT LOCATED OUTSIDE OF NEW YORK COUNTY, NEW YORK; AND FURTHER PROVIDED , THAT NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED OR OPERATE TO PRECLUDE ANY LENDER FROM BRINGING SUIT OR TAKING OTHER LEGAL ACTION IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION TO COLLECT THE OBLIGATIONS, TO REALIZE ON THE 
 55 

 COLLATERAL OR ANY OTHER SECURITY FOR THE OBLIGATIONS, OR TO ENFORCE A JUDGMENT OR OTHER COURT ORDER IN FAVOR OF SUCH LENDER. BORROWER AND EACH OTHER CREDIT PARTY EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT EXPRESSLY SUBMIT AND CONSENT IN ADVANCE TO SUCH NEW YORK JURISDICTION IN ANY ACTION OR SUIT COMMENCED IN ANY SUCH NEW YORK COURT, AND BORROWER AND SUCH CREDIT PARTY HEREBY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY HAVE BASED UPON LACK OF PERSONAL JURISDICTION, IMPROPER VENUE OR FORUM NON CONVENIENS IN ANY ACTION OR SUIT COMMENCED IN ANY SUCH NEW YORK COURTS. BORROWER AND EACH OTHER CREDIT PARTY EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY WAIVE PERSONAL SERVICE OF THE SUMMONS, COMPLAINT AND OTHER PROCESS ISSUED IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR SUIT AND AGREE THAT SERVICE OF SUCH SUMMONS, COMPLAINT AND OTHER PROCESS MAY BE MADE BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL ADDRESSED TO BORROWER OR SUCH CREDIT PARTY AT THE ADDRESS SET FORTH IN SCHEDULE C OF THIS AGREEMENT OR SUCH OTHER ADDRESS AS MAY BE SUBSTITUTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 10.5 AND THAT SERVICE SO MADE SHALL BE DEEMED COMPLETED UPON THE EARLIER OF BORROWER S OR SUCH CREDIT PARTY S ACTUAL RECEIPT THEREOF OR THREE (3) DAYS AFTER DEPOSIT IN THE UNITED STATES MAIL, PROPER POSTAGE PREPAID. (b) THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE BETWEEN ANY LENDER, BORROWER AND ANY CREDIT PARTY ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH, RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED BETWEEN THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO. 10.11 Press Releases .Neither any Credit Party nor any of its Affiliates will in the future issue any press release or other public disclosure using the name of Energy Impact Credit Fund I LP or its Affiliates or referring to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents without at least two (2) Business Days prior notice to Agent and without the prior written consent of Agent unless (and only to the extent that) such Credit Party or Affiliate is required to do so under law and then, in any event, such Credit Party or Affiliate will consult with Agent before issuing such press release or other public disclosure. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 10.11 , any Credit Party may make such public disclosures referring to Energy Impact Credit Fund I LP or its Affiliates in connection with and with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents in connection with all regular and periodic reports (including without limitation any Form 8-Ks) and all registration statements and prospectuses, if any, filed by any Credit Party with any securities exchange or with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any governmental or private regulatory authority. The Borrower hereby authorizes Agent and each Lender to make mention of Agent s and such Lender s participation in this transaction in its marketing, sales materials, printed media, tombstones or web-based material with Borrower s prior written consent (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 10.12 Reinstatement .This Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment of all or any part of the Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be returned or restored by Agent or the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of Borrower or any other Credit Party, or otherwise, all as though such payments had not been made. 10.13 USA PATRIOT Act Notice and Customer Verification. Each Lender that is subject to the USA PATRIOT Act and the Agent (for itself and not on behalf of such Lender) hereby notify Borrower that pursuant to the know your customer regulations and the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, they are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Credit Party, which information includes the name, address and tax identification number (and other identifying information in the event this information is insufficient to complete verification) that will allow such Lender or Agent, as applicable, to verify the identity of each Credit Party. This information must be delivered to such Lender and Agent no later than five days prior to the Closing Date and thereafter promptly upon request. This notice is given in accordance with the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act and is effective as to the Lenders and the Agent. 10.14 Sharing of Payments, Etc. If any Lender, directly or through an Affiliate or branch office thereof, obtains any 
 56 

 payment of any Obligation of any Credit Party (whether voluntary, involuntary or through the exercise of any right of setoff or the receipt of any Collateral or proceeds (as defined under the Code or the PPSA, as applicable) of Collateral) other than pursuant to Section 1.14 and such payment exceeds the amount such Lender would have been entitled to receive if all payments had gone to, and been distributed by, Agent in accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents, such Lender shall purchase for cash from other Lenders such participations in their Obligations as necessary for such Lender to share such excess payment with such Lenders to ensure such payment is applied as though it had been received by Agent and applied in accordance with this Agreement (or, if such application would then be at the discretion of Borrower, applied to repay the Obligations in accordance herewith); provided , however , that (a) if such payment is rescinded or otherwise recovered from such Lender in whole or in part, such purchase shall be rescinded and the purchase price therefor shall be returned to such Lender without interest and (b) such Lender shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, be able to exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of setoff) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of Borrower in the amount of such participation. 10.15 Intercreditor Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Lien and security interest granted to Agent pursuant to this Agreement and the exercise of any right or remedy by Agent on behalf of the Lenders hereunder are subject to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control. 10.16 Confidentiality Agreements. With respect to any confidentiality agreements between the Parties, notwithstanding any requirements or obligations of Agent to destroy or return documentation or proprietary information related to the Credit Parties, Agent will retain copies of any such documentation or information necessary to comply with the Investment Company Act of 1940 or other applicable laws. 10.17 Effect of Benchmark Transition Event . (A) Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5 th Business Day after the Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Borrower so long as the Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 10.17 will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. (B) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. (C) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations . Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Agent shall notify the Borrower of (x) if any tenor of a Benchmark is not being used pursuant to Section 10.17(D) and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by Agent or Lenders pursuant to this Section 10.17, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 10.17. (D) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as 
 57 

 selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Agent may elect to use another interest period for such Benchmark that is being published and is representative for any Benchmark settings at or after such time and to not use the unavailable or non-representative tenor or interest period and (ii) if a tenor that was not used pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Agent may again use such tenor or interest period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. (E) Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Loans under this Agreement will be deemed to have converted into Base Rate Loans during the Benchmark Unavailability Period. 10.18 CION as Co-Lead Arranger . CION shall be a co-lead arranger of the facilities and commitments made available under this Agreement; provided, that this role shall not entitle CION to take any actions in such capacity except with the express prior written consent of Agent. 10.19 Judgment Currency . (a) If, for the purpose of (a) obtaining or enforcing judgment against any Credit Party in any court in any jurisdiction, it becomes necessary to convert into any other currency (such other currency being hereinafter in this Section 10.19 referred to as the Judgment Currency an amount due under any Loan Document in any currency (the Obligation Currency other than the Judgment Currency, the conversion shall be made at the rate of exchange prevailing on the Business Day immediately preceding the date of actual payment of the amount due, in the courts of any other jurisdiction that will give effect to such conversion being made on such date, or the date on which the judgment is given, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of any other jurisdiction (the applicable date as of which such conversion is made pursuant to this Section 10.19 being hereinafter in this Section 10.19 referred to as the Judgment Conversion Date ). (b) If, in the case of any proceeding in the court of any jurisdiction referred to in Section 10.19(a) there is a change in the rate of exchange prevailing between the Judgment Conversion Date and the date of actual receipt for value of the amount due, the applicable Credit Party or Credit Parties shall pay or be entitled to receive reimbursement of such additional amount (if any, but in any event not a lesser amount) as may be necessary to ensure that the amount actually received in the Judgment Currency, when converted at the rate of exchange prevailing on the date of payment, will produce the amount of the Obligation Currency which could have been purchased with the amount of the Judgment Currency stipulated in the judgment or judicial order at the rate of exchange prevailing on the Judgment Conversion Date. Any amount due from any Credit Party under this Section 10.19(b) shall be due as a separate debt and shall not be affected by judgment being obtained for any other amounts due under or in respect of any of the Loan Documents. (c) The term rate of exchange in this Section 10.19 means the rate of exchange at which Agent, on the relevant date at or about 12:00 noon (New York time), would be prepared to sell, in accordance with Agent s normal course foreign currency exchange practices, the Obligation Currency against the Judgment Currency. 11. GUARANTEE 11.1 The Guarantee . The Guarantors that are not Canadian Credit Parties (the Non-Canadian Guarantors hereby jointly and severally guarantee, as a primary obligor and not as a surety to Agent and the Lenders and their respective successors and assigns, the prompt payment in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, demand, by acceleration or otherwise) of the principal of and interest on (including any interest, fees, costs or charges that would accrue but for the provisions of the Title 11 of the United States Code (or under the comparable provisions of any other Debtor Relief Law) after any bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed under Title 11 of the United States Code whether or not any such interest, fees, costs or charges are allowed in any proceeding thereunder) the Loan made by the Lenders to, and the Notes held by each Lender of, Borrower, and all other Obligations from time to time owing to Agent and the Lenders by any other Credit Party under any Loan 
 58 

 Document (such obligations being herein collectively called the Guaranteed Obligations ). The Non-Canadian Guarantors hereby jointly and severally agree that if Borrower or other Non-Canadian Guarantor(s) shall fail to pay in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the Guarantors will promptly pay the same in cash, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal. 11.2 Obligations Unconditional . The obligations of the Non-Canadian Guarantors under Section 11.1 shall constitute a guarantee of payment and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, are absolute, irrevocable and unconditional, joint and several, irrespective of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations of Borrower under this Agreement, the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or any substitution, release or exchange of any other guarantee of or security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations, and, irrespective of any other circumstance whatsoever that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or Non-Canadian Guarantor (except for payment in full). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is agreed that the occurrence of any one or more of the following shall not alter or impair the liability of the Non-Canadian Guarantors hereunder which shall remain absolute, irrevocable and unconditional under any and all circumstances as described above: (a) at any time or from time to time, without notice to the Non-Canadian Guarantors, the time for any performance of or compliance with any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be extended, or such performance or compliance shall be waived; (b) any of the acts mentioned in any of the provisions of this Agreement or the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein shall be done or omitted; (c) the maturity of any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be accelerated, or any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be amended in any respect, or any right under the Loan Documents or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein shall be amended or waived in any respect or any other guarantee of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security therefor shall be released or exchanged in whole or in part or otherwise dealt with; (d) any Lien or security interest granted to, or in favor of any Lender or Agent as security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall fail to be perfected; or (e) the release of any other Non-Canadian Guarantor pursuant to Section 11.9 . The Non-Canadian Guarantors hereby expressly waive diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever, and any requirement that Agent or any Lender exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against Borrower under this Agreement or the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or against any other person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of the Guaranteed Obligations. The Non-Canadian Guarantors waive any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension, waiver, termination or accrual of any of the Guaranteed Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance by Agent or any Lender upon this Guarantee or acceptance of this Guarantee, and the Guaranteed Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have been created, contracted or incurred in reliance upon this Guarantee, and all dealings between Borrower and Agent or any Lender shall likewise be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon this Guarantee. This Guarantee shall be construed as a continuing, absolute, irrevocable and unconditional guarantee of payment without regard to any right of offset with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations at any time or from time to time held by Agent or any Lender, and the obligations and liabilities of the Non-Canadian Guarantors hereunder shall not be conditioned or contingent upon the pursuit by Agent or any Lender or any other person at any time of any right or remedy against Borrower or against any other person which may be or become liable in respect of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or against any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto. This Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect and be binding in accordance with and to the extent of its terms upon the Non-Canadian Guarantors and the successors and assigns thereof, until payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations and shall inure to the benefit of Agent and the Lenders, and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
 59 

 11.3 Reinstatement . The obligations of the Non-Canadian Guarantors under this Article XI shall be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that for any reason any payment by or on behalf of Borrower or other Credit Party in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must be otherwise restored by any holder of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether as a result of any proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization or otherwise. 11.4 Subrogation; Subordination . Each Non-Canadian Guarantor hereby agrees that until the indefeasible payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all Guaranteed Obligations it shall waive any claim and shall not exercise any right or remedy, direct or indirect, arising by reason of any performance by it of its guarantee in Section 11.1 , whether by subrogation or otherwise, against Borrower or any other Non-Canadian Guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations. Any Indebtedness of any Credit Party permitted pursuant to Section 5.1(d) shall be subordinated to such Credit Party s Obligations in the manner set forth in the Intercompany Note evidencing such Indebtedness. 11.5 Remedies . The Non-Canadian Guarantors jointly and severally agree that, as between the Non-Canadian Guarantors and the Lenders, the obligations of Borrower under this Agreement and the Notes, if any, may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in Section 7.2 (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances provided in Section 7.2 for purposes of Section 11.1 , notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or such obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as against Borrower and that, in the event of such declaration (or such obligations being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), such obligations (whether or not due and payable by Borrower) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Non-Canadian Guarantors for purposes of Section 11.1 . 11.6 Instrument for the Payment of Money . Each Non-Canadian Guarantor hereby acknowledges that the guarantee in this Article XI constitutes an instrument for the payment of money, and consents and agrees that any Lender or Agent, at its sole option, in the event of a dispute by such Non-Canadian Guarantor in the payment of any moneys due hereunder, shall have the right to bring a motion-action under New York CPLR Section 3213. 11.7 Continuing Guarantee . The guarantee in this Article XI is a continuing guarantee of payment, and shall apply to all Guaranteed Obligations whenever arising. 11.8 General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations . In any action or proceeding involving any applicable corporate, limited partnership or limited liability company law, or any applicable Debtor Relief Law, if the obligations of any Non-Canadian Guarantor under Section 11.1 would otherwise be held or determined to be void, voidable, invalid or unenforceable, or subordinated to the claims of any other creditors, on account of the amount of its liability under Section 11.1 , then, notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, the amount of such liability shall, without any further action by such Non-Canadian Guarantor, any Credit Party or any other person, be automatically limited and reduced to the highest amount (after giving effect to the right of contribution established in Section 11.10 that is valid and enforceable and not subordinated to the claims of other creditors as determined in such action or proceeding. 11.9 Release of Guarantors . If, in compliance with the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents, all or substantially all of the Equity Interests of any Non-Canadian Guarantor are sold or otherwise transferred (a Transferred Guarantor to a person or persons, none of which is Borrower or a Subsidiary, such Transferred Guarantor shall, upon the consummation of such sale or transfer, be automatically released from its obligations under this Agreement (including under Section 10.2 hereof) and its obligations to pledge and grant any Collateral owned by it pursuant to any Loan Document and the pledge of such Equity Interests to Agent pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be automatically released, and, so long as Borrower shall have provided Agent such certifications or documents as Agent shall reasonably request, Agent shall take such actions as are necessary to effect each release described in this Section 11.9 in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Loan Documents, so long as Borrower shall have provided Agent such certifications or documents as Agent shall reasonably request in order to demonstrate compliance with this Agreement. 11.10 Right of Contribution . Each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby agrees that to the extent that a Subsidiary Guarantor shall have paid more than its proportionate share of any payment made hereunder, such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution from and against any other Subsidiary Guarantor 
 60 

 hereunder which has not paid its proportionate share of such payment. Each Subsidiary Guarantor s right of contribution shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 11.4 . The provisions of this Section 11.10 shall in no respect limit the obligations and liabilities of any Subsidiary Guarantor to Agent and the Lenders, and each Subsidiary Guarantor shall remain liable to Agent and the Lenders for the full amount guaranteed by such Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder. [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank, Next Page is Signature Page] 
 61 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement has been duly executed as of the date first written above. 

WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. , as Borrower and Grantor By: Name: Title: WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP, L.L.C. , as Borrower and Grantor By: Name: Title: WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES, LLC , as Borrower and Grantor By: Name: Title: WILLIAMS SPECIALTY SERVICES, LLC , as Borrower and Grantor By: Name: Title: WILLIAMS PLANT SERVICES, LLC , as Borrower and Grantor By: Name: Title: WILLIAMS GLOBAL SERVICES, INC. , as Borrower and Grantor By: Name: Title: CONSTRUCTION MAINTENANCE 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

PROFESSIONALS, LLC , as Borrower and Grantor By: Name: Title: GLOBAL POWER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES INC. , as Guarantor and Grantor By: Name: Title: GPEG, LLC , as Guarantor and Grantor By: Name: Title: STEAM ENTERPRISES LLC , as Guarantor and Grantor By: Name: Title: WISG CANADA LTD. , as Guarantor and Grantor By: Name: Title: WISG NUCLEAR LTD. , as Guarantor and Grantor By: Name: Title: WISG ELECTRICAL LTD. , as Guarantor and Grantor By: Name: Title: 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

EICF AGENT LLC , as Agent for the Lenders By: Name: Title: ENERGY IMPACT CREDIT FUND I LP , as a Lender By: Energy Impact Credit Fund I GP LLC, its general partner By: Name: Title: 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

CION INVESTMENT CORPORATION , as a Lender By: Name: Title: MURRAY HILL FUNDING II, LLC , as a Lender By: Name: Title: 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

CROWDOUT CAPITAL LLC , as a Lender By: Name: Title: CROWDOUT CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND LLC , as a Lender By: Name: Title: 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

 SCHEDULE A DEFINITIONS Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall have (unless otherwise provided elsewhere in this Agreement or in the other Loan Documents) the following respective meanings: Acquisition Consideration shall mean the purchase consideration for any Permitted Acquisition and all other payments by any Credit Party in exchange for, or as part of, or in connection with, any Permitted Acquisition, whether paid in cash or by exchange of Equity Interests or of properties or otherwise and whether payable at or prior to the consummation of such Permitted Acquisition or deferred for payment at any future time, whether or not any such future payment is subject to the occurrence of any contingency, and includes any and all payments representing the purchase price and any assumptions of Indebtedness, earn-outs and other agreements to make any payment the amount of which is, or the terms of payment of which are, in any respect subject to or contingent upon the revenues, income, cash flow or profits (or the like) of any Person or business; provided that any such future payment that is subject to a contingency shall be considered Acquisition Consideration only to the extent of the reserve, if any, required under GAAP at the time of such sale to be established in respect thereof by any Credit Party. Act means the Small Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended and in effect from time to time, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Activation Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 3.26(e) . Adjusted Term SOFR shall mean, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment; provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than 1.0 , then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be 1.0 . Advances shall mean one or more Advances (as defined in the Revolving Loan Agreement) made by the lenders under the Revolving Loan Agreement, pursuant to the terms of the Revolving Loan Agreement, in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time not exceeding the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount (as defined in the Revolving Loan Agreement). Affected Lender has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.14(a) . Affiliate means, with respect to any Person: (i) each other Person that, directly or indirectly, owns or controls, whether beneficially, or as a trustee, guardian or other fiduciary, ten percent (10 or more of the Stock having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or (ii) each other Person that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person or any Affiliate of such Person. For the purpose of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of its management or policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. Agent means the Person identified as such in the preamble of this Agreement. Agreement means this Agreement including all appendices, exhibits or schedules attached or otherwise identified thereto, restatements and modifications and supplements thereto, and any appendices, exhibits or schedules to any of the foregoing, each as in effect at the time such reference becomes operative; provided , that except as specifically set forth in this Agreement, any reference to the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement shall be deemed a reference to the Disclosure Schedules as in effect on the Closing Date or in a written amendment thereto delivered by Borrower to Agent. Anti-Money Laundering Laws has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Anti-Money Laundering Measures has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Anti-Terrorism Laws has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . 
 SCHEDULE A - 1 

 Applicable Margin for any of the Term Loans, from and after January 1, 2023, shall be equal to 11.0 per annum. Asset Sale shall mean (a) any conveyance, sale, lease, sublease, assignment, transfer or other disposition (including by way of merger, amalgamation or consolidation and including any sale and leaseback transaction) of any property excluding sales of inventory and dispositions of cash and cash equivalents, in each case, in the ordinary course of business, by any Credit Party and (b) any issuance or sale of any Equity Interests of any Credit Party, in each case, to any Person other than (i) Borrower, (ii) any other Credit Party or (iii) other than for purposes of Section 5.4 , any other Subsidiary. Assignee has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(a) . Assignment Agreement has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(a) . Attributable Indebtedness shall mean, when used with respect to any sale and leaseback transaction, as at the time of determination, the present value (discounted at a rate equivalent to the applicable Borrower s then-current weighted average cost of funds for borrowed money as at the time of determination, compounded on a semi-annual basis) of the total obligations of the lessee for rental payments during the remaining term of the lease included in any such sale and leaseback transaction. Available Tenor shall mean, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor or interest period for such Benchmark that is not being used pursuant to Section 10.17(D). As of the date of this Agreement, the only Available Tenors are (a) for SOFR Loans, Adjusted Term SOFR based on Term SOFR with an interest period of 3 months, and (b) for Base Rate Loans under clause (d) of the definition of Base Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR for based on Term SOFR with an interest period of 1 month; provided, that Agent may select to use additional interest periods in accordance with the terms of Section 10.17(D) and such interest periods shall become Available Tenors upon such selection. Base Rate means, as of any date of determination, a variable rate of interest per annum equal to the highest of (a) two percent (2 ), (b) the Prime Rate as published by the Wall Street Journal as of such date of determination (or, if such rate ceases to be so published, as quoted from such other generally available and recognizable source as Agent may reasonably select), (c) the sum of (i) the Federal Funds Rate plus (ii) one-half of one percent (0.50 ), and (d) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such day plus 1.00 . Base Rate Loans means Loans bearing interest at rates determined by reference to the Base Rate. Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 10.17. Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of: (x) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (1) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (2) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (y) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than 1.00 per annum, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be 1.00 per annum for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
 SCHEDULE A - 2 

 adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (x) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (y) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar- denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Start Date means in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (1) the applicable 
 SCHEDULE A - 3 

 Benchmark Replacement Date and (2) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90 th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). Benchmark Unavailability Period means, the period, if any, (x) beginning at the time that such Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 10.17 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document pursuant to Section 10.17. Blocked Accounts has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.26(a) . Board of Directors means, with respect to any Person, (i) in the case of any corporation or unlimited liability corporation, the board of directors of such Person, (ii) in the case of any limited liability company, the sole member or manager or the board of managers of such Person, (iii) in the case of any partnership, the board of directors or the board of managers, as applicable, of the general partner of such Person and (iv) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. Books and Records means all books, records, board minutes, contracts, licenses, insurance policies, environmental audits, business plans, files, computer files, computer discs and other data and software storage and media devices, accounting books and records, financial statements (actual and pro forma), filings with Governmental Authorities and any and all records and instruments relating to the Collateral or each Grantor s business. Borrower means the Persons identified as such in the preamble of this Agreement. Borrowing Availability means the amounts available to be borrowed under Section 2.1(a) of the Revolving Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof without giving effect to any amendments or modifications thereto after the date hereof. Borrowing Base Certificate (and the definitions used in such term) shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Revolving Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof without giving effect to any amendments or modifications thereto after the date hereof, except to the extent permitted by the Intercreditor Agreement. Braden shall mean Braden Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Braden Mexico shall mean Braden Manufacturing SA de CV, a company formed under the laws of Mexico. BSA has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banks are required or permitted to be closed in the State of New York. Canadian Credit Party means WISG Canada, WISG Nuclear, WISG Electrical and each other Credit Party joined hereto from time to time who is formed or organized under the laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof. Canadian AML/Sanction Laws means Parts II.1, XII.2 and s. 354 of the Criminal Code (Canada), the Special Economic Measures Act (Canada), the United Nations Act (Canada), the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada), the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada), the Freezing Assets of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act (Canada), and the Justice for Victims of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act (Sergei Magnitsky Law) (Canada), in each case including all regulations promulgated thereunder and as amended from time to time. Canadian Insolvency Laws means any of the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), the Companies Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada), the Winding-up and Restructuring Act (Canada), and any other applicable insolvency or other similar law of Canada or any province or territory thereof relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, assignments for the benefit of creditors, formal or informal moratoria, compositions, compromises or extensions generally with creditors, 
 SCHEDULE A - 4 

 or proceedings seeking reorganization, recapitalization, arrangement, dissolution, liquidation, winding-up or other similar relief (including, without limitation, the Canadian corporate statutes when relied upon in connection with any of the foregoing, unless the reorganization or arrangement does not compromise the claims of creditors). Canadian Pension Plan means each plan, program or arrangement that is a registered pension plan as such term is defined under subsection 248(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada) or is subject to the funding requirements of applicable pension benefits legislation in any Canadian jurisdiction which is maintained, sponsored, administered or contributed to by a Credit Party or Subsidiary thereof. Capital Assets means, with respect to any Person, all equipment, fixed assets and Real Property or improvements of such Person, or replacements or substitutions therefor or additions thereto, that, in accordance with GAAP, have been or should be reflected as additions to property, plant or equipment on the balance sheet of such Person. Capital Expenditures means, with respect to any Person, all expenditures made directly or indirectly by the Credit Parties during such period for Capital Assets (whether paid in cash or other consideration, financed by the incurrence of Indebtedness or accrued as a liability). Capital Lease means, with respect to any Person, any lease of any property (whether real, personal or mixed) by such Person as lessee that, in accordance with GAAP, either would be required to be classified and accounted for as a capital lease on a balance sheet of such Person or otherwise would be disclosed as such in a note to such balance sheet, other than, in the case of Borrower, any such lease under which Borrower is the lessor; provided, no effect shall be given to any change to GAAP occurring after the Closing Date as a result of the adoption of any proposals set forth in the Proposed Accounting Standards Update, Leases (Topic 840), issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board on August 17, 2010, or any other proposals issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in connection therewith, in each case if such change would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) was not required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date. Capital Lease Obligation means, of any Person, the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as Capital Leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP, without giving effect to any change to GAAP as a result of the adoption of any proposals set forth in the Proposed Accounting Standards Update, Leases (Topic 840), issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board on August 17, 2010, or any other proposals issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in connection therewith, in each case if such change would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) was not required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date. Capital Provision Agreement means, collectively, (a) that certain Capital Provision Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2020, by and between Holdings and the capital providers thereunder identified on Disclosure Schedule (2) hereof (the Capital Providers ), pursuant to which the Capital Providers have agreed to extend financing to the Borrower for certain legal proceedings described on Disclosure Schedule (2) hereto (the Arbitration Proceeding and (b) that certain Security Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2020, by and between Holdings, as grantor and the Capital Providers, as secured parties, as each such agreement may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Capital Provision Documents means the Capital Provision Agreement and each agreement, document or instrument entered into between Holdings and the Capital Providers in connection with the foregoing. Captive Insurance Subsidiary means a wholly-owned Subsidiary of a Credit Party formed after the Closing Date that (a) provides bona fide risk-mitigation services for any Credit Party or the Credit Parties (and no other Persons), (b) is subject to regulation under applicable law as an insurance company, and (c) has been formed, and continues to be operated, because the Credit Parties have reasonably determined that either (1) the Credit Parties cannot find a third-party insurer to insure them against particular business risks that the insurance subsidiary provides insurance for, (2) the premiums paid to the insurance subsidiary result in material tax savings for the Credit Parties (taken on a consolidated 
 SCHEDULE A - 5 

 basis), and/or (3) the insurance provided by the insurance subsidiary is more affordable, and/or offers better coverage (taken as a whole), than is available from a third-party insurer. Cash Equivalents means (a) any readily-marketable securities (i) issued by, or directly, unconditionally and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States or Canadian federal government or (ii) issued by any agency of the United States or Canadian federal government the obligations of which are fully backed by the full faith and credit of the United States or Canadian federal government, (b) any readily-marketable direct obligations issued by any other agency of the United States or Canadian federal government, any state of the United States, any province or territory of Canada, or any political subdivision of any such state, province or territory or any public instrumentality thereof, in each case having a rating of at least A-1 from S P or at least P-1 from Moody s, (c) any commercial paper rated at least A-1 by S P or P-1 by Moody s and issued by any Person organized under the laws of any state of the United States or under the laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof, (d) any Dollar-denominated or Canadian Dollar-denominated time deposit, insured certificate of deposit, overnight bank deposit or bankers acceptance issued or accepted by (i) any Lender or (ii) any commercial bank that is (A) organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, or under the laws of Canada, (B) adequately capitalized (as defined in the regulations of its primary federal banking regulators) and (C) has Tier 1 capital (as defined in such regulations) in excess of 250,000,000 and (e) shares of any United States or Canadian money market fund that (i) has substantially all of its assets invested continuously in the types of investments referred to in clause (a) , (b) , (c) or (d) above with maturities as set forth in the proviso below, (ii) has net assets in excess of 500,000,000 and (iii) has obtained from either S P or Moody s the highest rating obtainable for money market funds in the United States or Canada; provided , however , that the maturities of all obligations specified in any of clauses (a) , (b) , (c) or (d) above shall not exceed 365 days. Cash Management System has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.26(a) . Casualty Event shall mean any involuntary loss of title or ownership, any involuntary loss of, damage to or any destruction of, or any condemnation or other taking (including by any Governmental Authority) of, any property of a Credit Party. Casualty Event shall include but not be limited to any taking of all or any part of any Real Property of any Person or any part thereof, in or by condemnation or other eminent domain proceedings pursuant to any Requirement of Law, or by reason of the temporary requisition of the use or occupancy of all or any part of any Real Property of any Person or any part thereof by any Governmental Authority, civil or military, or any settlement in lieu thereof. Change of Control means any event, transaction or occurrence as a result of which: (a) any Person or group (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) (i) shall have acquired beneficial ownership of 35 or more on a fully diluted basis of the voting and/or economic interest in the Equity Interests of Holdings or (ii) shall have obtained the power (whether or not exercised) to elect a majority of the members of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of Holdings; (b) the majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors (or similar governing body) of Holdings cease to be occupied by Persons who either (i) were members of the board of directors of Holdings on the Closing Date, or (ii) were nominated for election by the board of directors of Holdings, a majority of whom were directors on the Closing Date or whose election or nomination for election was previously approved by a majority of such directors; (c) except with respect to Braden, Braden Mexico and any Inactive Subsidiary, in each case, to the extent permitted by this Agreement, the Borrower fails to own 100 (on a fully diluted basis) of the voting and economic interests of the Equity Interests of its Subsidiaries; or (d) a Change of Control or term of similar import shall occur under the Revolving Loan Agreement. Charges means all federal, state, provincial, territorial, county, city, municipal, local, foreign or other governmental taxes (including taxes owed to PBGC at the time due and payable), levies, customs or other duties, assessments, charges, liens, additional charges, interest, penalties, expenses, claims or encumbrances assessed or imposed by any Governmental Authority upon or relating to (i) the Collateral, (ii) the Obligations, (iii) the employees, payroll, income or 
 SCHEDULE A - 6 

 gross receipts of any Credit Party, (iv) the ownership or use of any assets by any Credit Party, or (v) any other aspect of any Credit Party s business. Chubb Proceedings means the legal proceedings filed in October, 2020 against Chubb Group of Insurance Companies alleging the failure of Chubb to provide required insurance coverage for the payment of costs and expenses incurred by Holdings in connection with certain shareholder litigation and the prior restatement of its financial statements. Chief Executive Office means the chief executive office of any Credit Party as set forth on Disclosure Schedule 3.2 hereto. Closing Certificate means that certain closing certificate of Borrower delivered to Agent as of the Closing Date in substantially the form of Exhibit F. Closing Date means the Business Day on which the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2 have been satisfied or specifically waived in writing by Agent and the Term Loan has been made. Closing Date Term Loan Commitment means the commitment of each Lender under this Agreement to make or otherwise fund its portion of the Closing Date Term Loan as set forth on Schedule B attached hereto. The aggregate amount of the Closing Date Term Loan Commitments as of the Closing Date is 35,000,000. Code means the Uniform Commercial Code as the same may, from time to time, be in effect in the State of New York; provided, that in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the attachment, perfection or priority of, or remedies with respect to, Agent s Lien on any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, the term Code shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions of this Agreement relating to such attachment, perfection, priority or remedies and for purposes of definitions related to such provisions; provided further , that to the extent that the Code is used to define any term herein or in any Loan Document and such term is defined differently in different Articles or Divisions of the Code, the definition of such term contained in Article or Division 9 shall govern. Collateral has the meaning assigned to it in Section 6.1 . Collateral Documents means, collectively, the Pledge Agreements, the Mortgages, each Control Agreement, and all other U.S. and foreign law security agreements, pledge agreements, patent, trademark and industrial design security agreements, lease assignments, guarantees and other similar agreements, and all amendments, restatements, modifications or supplements thereof or thereto, by or between any one or more of any Credit Party, any of their respective Subsidiaries or any other Person pledging or granting a Lien on Collateral or guaranteeing the payment and performance of the Obligations, and any Lender or Agent for the benefit of Agent and the Lenders now or hereafter delivered to the Lenders or Agent pursuant to or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and all financing statements (or comparable documents now or hereafter filed in accordance with the UCC, PPSA or any other applicable law) against any such Person as debtor in favor of any Lender or Agent for the benefit of Agent and the Lenders, as secured party, as any of the foregoing may be amended, restated and/or modified from time to time. Compliance Certificate means a compliance certificate in the form attached as Exhibit E hereto executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower relating to the consolidated financial performance of the Credit Parties. Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Business Day, the definition of Base Rate and the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day , the addition of a concept of interest period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate and to permit the use and administration thereof by Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and 
 SCHEDULE A - 7 

 the other Loan Documents). Consolidated Amortization Expense shall mean, for any period, the amortization expense of the Credit Parties for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Depreciation Expense shall mean, for any period, the depreciation expense of the Credit Parties for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated EBITDA shall mean, for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period, adjusted by (x) adding thereto, in each case only to the extent (and in the same proportion) deducted in determining such Consolidated Net Income and without duplication, the following: (a) Consolidated Interest Expense for such period, (b) Consolidated Amortization Expense for such period, (c) Consolidated Depreciation Expense for such period, (d) Consolidated Tax Expense for such period, (e) any non-cash expense, loss or charge for such period, including any non-cash write-downs or non-cash write-offs including fixed asset impairments or write-downs, intangible asset impairments and deferred tax asset write-offs (except to the extent that such non-cash expense, loss or charge is reserved for cash expense, loss or charge to be taken in any future period) of the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries for such period, (f) any extraordinary losses and unusual or non-recurring charges, in each case, in cash, including, without limitation, any severance, integration, facilities closing or relocation costs and curtailments or modifications to pension and post retirement employee benefit plans in an aggregate amount not to exceed 500,000 in any Fiscal Year, (g) non-cash stock compensation expense, (h) non-cash expenses recognized due to purchase accounting, (i) one-time, non-recurring, customary and documented costs and expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, execution and delivery of the Loan Documents in an aggregate amount not to exceed 4,850,000, (j) the aggregate amount of all other non-cash charges, expenses or losses reducing Consolidated Net Income (including for certainty all unrealized foreign exchange losses but excluding any non-cash charge, expense or loss that results in an accrual of a reserve for cash charges in any future period and any non-cash charge, expense or loss relating to write-offs, write-downs or reserves with respect to accounts or inventory) for such period, (k) non-recurring losses and expenses incurred in connection with projects executed by Jacksonville, Florida management of the Credit Parties, one-time costs and expenses incurred in connection with the transmission and distribution business segment start-up, non-recurring costs and expenses arising out of the implementation of an ERP system, non-recurring costs and expenses arising out of pro forma headcount reductions implemented by the Credit Parties, and non-recurring costs and expenses arising out of the Champion/Powers litigation, in an aggregate amount not to exceed, (i) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2021, 264,190, (ii) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending September 30, 2021, 3,121,872, (iii) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31, 2021, 320,443, (iv) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31, 2022, 3,706,445, (v) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2022, 2,521,379, (vi) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending September 30, 2022, 5,000,000, and (vii) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31, 2022, 6,900,000, and 
 SCHEDULE A - 8 

 (y) subtracting therefrom the aggregate amount of all non-cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income (including for certainty all unrealized foreign exchange gains but excluding the accrual of revenue or recording of receivables in the ordinary course of business) for such period. Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any Permitted Acquisitions and Asset Sales (other than any dispositions in the ordinary course of business) consummated at any time on or after the first day of the measuring period and prior to the date of determination as if each such Permitted Acquisition had been effected on the first day of such period and as if each such Asset Sale had been consummated on the day prior to the first day of such period. Consolidated Fixed Charges means, for any period, the sum (without duplication) of (a) Consolidated Interest Expense, and (b) the aggregate amount of scheduled principal payments in respect of Indebtedness, including that portion of rental payments with respect to Capital Leases which is or should be applied as a reduction to the principal of such Capital Leases, determined on a consolidated basis for the Credit Parties and their respective Subsidiaries in conformity with GAAP. Consolidated Indebtedness shall mean, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount of all Indebtedness of the Credit Parties, and all letter of credit exposure of the Credit Parties under the Revolving Loan Agreement, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Interest Expense shall mean, for any period, the total consolidated interest expense of the Credit Parties for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, excluding upfront financing fees paid under the Fee Letters or under the Revolving Loan Documents, plus , without duplication: (a) imputed interest on Capital Lease Obligations and Attributable Indebtedness of the Credit Parties for such period; (b) commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed by any Credit Party with respect to letters of credit securing financial obligations, bankers acceptance financing and receivables financings for such period; (c) amortization of debt issuance costs, debt discount or premium and other financing fees and expenses incurred by any Credit Party for such period; (d) cash contributions to any employee stock ownership plan or similar trust made by any Credit Party to the extent such contributions are used by such plan or trust to pay interest or fees to any Person (other than interest paid to Borrower or a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Borrower) in connection with Indebtedness incurred by such plan or trust for such period; (e) all interest paid or payable with respect to discontinued operations of any Credit Party for such period; (f) the interest portion of any deferred payment obligations of any Credit Party for such period; (g) all interest on any Indebtedness of the Credit Parties of the type described in clause (f) or (k) of the definition of Indebtedness for such period. Consolidated Interest Expense shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred for ordinary course working capital needs under ordinary course revolving credit facilities) incurred, assumed or permanently repaid or extinguished at any time on or after the first day of the measuring period and prior to the date of determination in connection with any Permitted Acquisitions and Asset Sales (other than any dispositions in the ordinary course of business) as if such incurrence, assumption, repayment or extinguishing had been effected on the first day of such period. Consolidated Net Income shall mean, for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of the Credit Parties determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP plus the net income (or loss) of the Permitted Joint Ventures; provided that there shall be excluded from such net income (to the extent otherwise included therein), without 
 SCHEDULE A - 9 

 duplication: (a) the net income (or loss) of any Person (other than a Subsidiary of any Credit Party), including any Permitted Joint Venture, in which any Person other than a Credit Party or its Subsidiaries also has an ownership interest, except to the extent that cash in an amount equal to any such income has actually been received by such Credit Party or (subject to clause (b) below) any of its Subsidiaries during such period; (b) the net income of any Subsidiary of any Credit Party during such period to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary of that income is not permitted by operation of the terms of its Organizational Documents or any agreement, instrument or Requirement of Law applicable to that Subsidiary during such period; (c) any gain (or loss), together with any related provisions for taxes on any such gain (or the tax effect of any such loss), realized during such period by any Credit Party upon any Asset Sale (other than any dispositions in the ordinary course of business) by any Credit Party; (d) gains and losses due solely to fluctuations in currency values and the related tax effects determined in accordance with GAAP for such period; (e) earnings resulting from any reappraisal, revaluation or write-up of assets; (f) unrealized gains and losses with respect to Hedging Obligations for such period; and (g) any extraordinary gain (or extraordinary loss), together with any related provision for taxes on any such gain (or the tax effect of any such loss), recorded or recognized by any Credit Party during such period. Consolidated Tax Expense shall mean, for any period, the tax expense of the Credit Parties, for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Working Capital shall mean, for any period, the working capital (current assets (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) minus current liabilities (other than Revolving Advances under the Revolving Loan Agreement and any of Borrower s current liabilities on such Revolving Advances and current maturities of long term Indebtedness) of the Credit Parties, for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Contingent Obligation shall mean, as to any Person, any obligation, agreement, understanding or arrangement of such Person guaranteeing or intended to guarantee any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations primary obligations of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent, (a) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor; (b) to advance or supply funds (i) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (ii) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor; (c) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation; (d) with respect to bankers acceptances, letters of credit and similar credit arrangements, until a reimbursement obligation arises (which reimbursement obligation shall constitute Indebtedness); or (e) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the holder of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof; provided , however , that the term Contingent Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business or any product warranties. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Contingent Obligation is made (or, if less, the maximum amount of such primary obligation for which such Person may be liable, whether singly or jointly, pursuant to the terms of the instrument evidencing such Contingent Obligation) or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder) as determined by such Person in good faith. Contractual Obligation means as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument, or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 SCHEDULE A - 10 

 Control Agreement means a deposit account control agreement and/or lock box agreement among any financial institution at which a Blocked Account is maintained, the Agent and the applicable Credit Party, which shall provide, among other things, that such financial institution executing such agreement has no rights of setoff or recoupment or any other claim against such Blocked Account other than for payment of its service fees and other charges directly related to the administration of such account, and shall give the Agent (i) in the case of Blocked Accounts at offices located in the United States, control of such Blocked Account as such term is defined in Section 9-104 of the Code, or (ii) in the case of Blocked Account at offices located in Canada, de facto control of such Blocked Accounts, in each case subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. Copyrights shall mean all of the following now owned or hereafter adopted or acquired by any Person: (i) all copyrights in any original work of authorship fixed in any tangible medium of expression, now known or later developed, all registrations and applications for registration of any such copyrights in the United States or any other country, including registrations, recordings and applications, and supplemental registrations, recordings, and applications in the United States Copyright Office and the Canadian Intellectual Property Office; and (ii) all Proceeds of the foregoing, including license royalties and proceeds of infringement suits, the right to sue for past, present and future infringements, all rights corresponding thereto throughout the world and all renewals and extensions thereof. Credit Parties means the Borrower and the Guarantors. Debt Issuance shall mean the incurrence by any Credit Party of any Indebtedness after the Closing Date (other than as permitted by Section 5.1 ). Debtor Relief Laws means the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the Canadian Insolvency Laws, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States, Canada or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. Default means any Event of Default or any event that, with the passage of time or notice or both, would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. Default Rate has the meaning assigned to it in Section 1.5(c) . Delayed Draw Term Loan has the meaning assigned to it in Section 1.1(b) . Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request means each Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request delivered to Agent in substantially the form of Exhibit J pursuant to Section 1.1(b) . Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment means the maximum amount, if any, that each Lender under this Agreement may make or otherwise fund as Delayed Draw Term Loans, which maximum amount is set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule B or as otherwise documented by such Lender under the Loan Documents, as adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. The aggregate amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments as of the Closing Date is 15,000,000. means any Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date means the earliest of (a) the date on which the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments are terminated and have been reduced to zero (0), (b) the date on which the entire amount of the and any Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments has been borrowed, or (c) the date that is eighteen (18) months after the Closing Date Commitment . Delayed Draw Term Loan Funded Amount means, with respect to any Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan funded by such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender. Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender means each of those certain financial institutions set forth on Schedule B attached hereto that has a any Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment as set forth on Schedule B hereto and such other financial institutions that may from time to time make a Delayed Draw Term Loan under the Loan Documents, and 
 SCHEDULE A - 11 

 if at Lender and any time any Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender shall decide to assign or syndicate all or any of its Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment subject to Section 8(a) of this Agreement, such term shall include such assignee or such other members of the syndicate . Designated Person has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3.22(a) . Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan has the meaning assigned to it in Section 1.1(b). Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment means the maximum amount, if any, that each Lender under this Agreement may make or otherwise fund as Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loans, which maximum amount is set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule B or as otherwise documented by such Lender under the Loan Documents, as adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. The aggregate amount of the Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date is 3,500,000. Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date means the earliest of (a) the date on which the Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments are terminated and have been reduced to zero (0), (b) the date on which the entire amount of the Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments has been borrowed, or (c) April 15, 2023. Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender means each of those certain financial institutions set forth on Schedule B attached hereto that has a Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment as set forth on Schedule B hereto and such other financial institutions that may from time to time make a Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan under the Loan Documents, and if at any time any Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender shall decide to assign or syndicate all or any of its Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment subject to Section 8(a) of this Agreement, such term shall include such assignee or such other members of the syndicate. Disqualified Capital Stock shall mean, with respect to any Person, any Equity Interest which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event, (a) matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Capital Stock), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, on or prior to the first anniversary of the Maturity Date, (b) is convertible into or exchangeable (unless at the sole option of the issuer thereof) for (i) debt securities or (ii) any Equity Interests referred to in (a) above, in each case at any time on or prior to the first anniversary of the Maturity Date, or (c) contains any repurchase obligation which may come into effect prior to payment in full of all Obligations; provided , however , that any Equity Interests that (x) would not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock but for provisions thereof giving holders thereof (or the holders of any security into or for which such Equity Interests is convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) the right to require the issuer thereof to redeem such Equity Interests upon the occurrence of a change in control or an asset sale occurring shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock or (y) are issued pursuant to a plan for the benefit of employees of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interests shall not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests solely because they may be required to be repurchased by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations (provided, further, that Credit Parties shall only be permitted to make redemptions and/or repurchases of such Equity Interests in accordance with the terms of Section 5.7). Distributions shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Credit Party, all dividends, cash, options, warrants, rights, instruments, distributions, returns of capital or principal, income, interest, profits and other property, interests (debt or equity), or proceeds, including as a result of a split, revision, reclassification or other like change of the Pledged Securities, from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed to such Credit Party in respect of or in exchange for any or all of the Pledged Securities. Dollars or means lawful currency of the United States of America. Embargoed Person means any party that (i) is publicly identified on the most current list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons published by the OFAC or resides, is organized or chartered in a country or territory subject to OFAC sanctions or embargo programs or (ii) is publicly identified as prohibited from doing business with the United States under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the Trading With the Enemy Act, or any other 
 SCHEDULE A - 12 

 Requirement of Law relating to terrorism, trade sanctions programs and embargoes, money-laundering or bribery. Environmental Laws means all federal, state, provincial, territorial and local laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations, now or hereafter in effect, and in each case as amended or supplemented from time to time, and any applicable judicial or administrative interpretation thereof relating to the regulation and protection of human health, safety, the environment and natural resources (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, wetlands, land surface or subsurface strata, wildlife, aquatic species and vegetation). Environmental Liabilities means all liabilities, obligations, responsibilities, remedial actions, removal costs, losses, damages of whatever nature, costs and expenses (including all reasonable fees, disbursements and expenses of counsel, experts and consultants and costs of investigation and feasibility studies), fines, penalties, sanctions and interest incurred as a result of any claim, suit, action or demand of whatever nature by any Person and which relate to any health or safety condition regulated under any Environmental Law, environmental permits or in connection with any Release, threatened Release, or the presence of a Hazardous Material. Equity Interest shall mean, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents, including membership interests (however designated, whether voting or nonvoting), of equity of such Person, including, if such Person is a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited) and any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of property of, such partnership, whether outstanding on the date hereof or issued after the Closing Date, but excluding debt securities convertible or exchangeable into such equity. Equity Issuance shall mean, without duplication, (i) any issuance or sale by Holdings after the Closing Date of any Equity Interests in Holdings (including any Equity Interests issued upon exercise of any warrant or option) or any warrants or options to purchase Equity Interests or (ii) any contribution to the capital of Holdings; provided , however , that an Equity Issuance shall not include (x) any Preferred Stock Issuance or Debt Issuance, (y) any such sale or issuance by Holdings of not more than an aggregate amount of five percent (5.0 of its Equity Interests (including its Equity Interests issued upon exercise of any option, warrant, convertible security or option or warrants or options to purchase its Equity Interests but excluding Disqualified Capital Stock), in each case, to directors, officers or employees of any Credit Party and (z) any Excluded Issuance. ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (or any successor legislation thereto), as amended from time to time, and any regulations promulgated thereunder. ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with any Credit Party, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the IRC, or, solely for the purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the IRC, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the IRC. ERISA Event shall mean (a) any reportable event , as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) the existence with respect to any Plan of an accumulated funding deficiency (as referenced in Section 412 of the IRC or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412 of the IRC or Section 303 of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any material liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan in an involuntary termination proceeding; (f) the incurrence by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability with respect to any withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. Event of Default has the meaning assigned to it in Section 7.1 . Excess Cash Flow means, with respect to any period, 
 SCHEDULE A - 13 

 (a) the sum of (i) Consolidated EBITDA plus (ii) decreases in Consolidated Working Capital during such period, minus (b) the sum of (i) Capital Expenditures (excluding the financed portion thereof and excluding any Capital Expenditures in such Fiscal Year to the extent in excess of the amount permitted to be made in such Fiscal Year pursuant to the Loan Documents), plus (ii) Consolidated Interest Expense paid or accrued (excluding any original issue discount, interest paid in kind or amortized debt discount, to the extent included in Consolidated Interest Expense) and scheduled principal payments paid or payable in respect of funded debt, plus (iii) increases in Consolidated Working Capital during such period; plus (iv) income and franchise taxes of Borrower and its Subsidiaries that were paid in cash during such period; plus or minus (as the case may be) (c) extraordinary gains or losses for such period which are cash items not included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income. Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. Excluded Accounts shall mean (a) any Deposit Account that is used solely for payroll, payroll taxes, other employee wage and benefit payments, or other fiduciary purposes, (b) any Excluded ZBA Disbursement Accounts, and (c) (i) only until and including, but not after, February 1, 2023 (or such later date as agreed to by Agent in its sole discretion), any Excluded Canadian Accounts and the Specified Canadian Account, and (ii) only until and including, but not after, June 30, 2023 (or such later date as agreed to by Agent in its sole discretion), the Specified Canadian Account. Excluded Asset means each of the following assets of a Credit Party provided , the term Excluded Asset shall not at any time include (x) the Proceeds, products, substitutions or replacements of any such asset or (y) any asset that at any time ceases to satisfy the criteria to constitute an Excluded Asset (whether as a result of any Credit Party obtaining any applicable consent, any regulatory change, or otherwise)): (a) any leasehold interest in Real Property and any fee-owned Real Property other than Material Owned Real Property; (b) until such date as all Secured Obligations (as such term is defined in the Capital Provision Agreement as in effect as of the Closing Date) have been satisfied in full and the Capital Provision Agreement has been terminated, the Collateral, as such term is defined in the Capital Provision Agreement in effect on the Closing Date, in which the Borrower previously has granted a security interest to the Capital Providers in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding (as such term is defined in the definition of Capital Provision Agreement); provided, however, it is understood and agreed that in the event any amounts are paid to the Borrower in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding, whether pursuant to an arbitration award, settlement of the Arbitration Proceeding or otherwise (collectively, an Arbitration Recovery ), the Proceeds of such Arbitration Recovery (calculated after giving effect to the payment of all obligations owing by the Borrower to the litigation finance partner pursuant to written agreements between the Borrower and such litigation finance partner, costs, fees and expenses incurred or payable by the Borrower in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding, including, without limitation, all legal costs and disbursements incurred or made by the Borrower in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding) shall not, for the avoidance of doubt, constitute Excluded Assets and Agent shall have a Lien on such Proceeds; provided, that the priority of any Lien of Agent on such Proceeds shall be subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement; (c) any lease, license, contract, property right or agreement to which any Credit Party is a party or any of its rights or interests thereunder if and for so long as the grant of the security interest to Agent with respect thereto is prohibited by applicable law; provided that such asset shall no longer be an Excluded Asset immediately at such time the grant of a security interest therein shall no longer be prohibited by applicable law; (d) property subject to a purchase money security agreement or Capital Lease to the extent and for so long as (i) the documentation providing for such purchase money indebtedness or capital lease prohibits the creation of a lien on such assets or (ii) otherwise requires consent (unless such consent has been obtained (it being understood that there shall be no obligation to obtain such consent)); provided that such assets shall no longer be an Excluded Asset immediately at such time as the contractual prohibition, or consent right, shall no longer be applicable and to the extent severable, shall attach immediately to any portion of such assets that is not subject to such prohibition or consent right, 
 SCHEDULE A - 14 

 (e) any lease, license, contract, property right or agreement to which any Credit Party is a party, in each case in existence on the Closing Date or upon acquisition of the relevant Subsidiary party thereto, or any of its rights or interests thereunder: (i) if and for so long as the grant of the security interest to Agent with respect thereto (A) shall constitute or result in the abandonment, invalidation or unenforceability of any right, title or interest of any Credit Party therein, (B) shall constitute or result in a breach, default or termination pursuant to the terms thereof, other than to the extent that any such term would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law or principles of equity, or (C) otherwise requires consent thereunder (unless such consent has been obtained (it being understood that there shall be no obligation to obtain such consent)); and (ii) such prohibition, termination right or consent requirement is not entered into in contemplation of the Loan Documents; provided that such asset shall no longer be an Excluded Asset immediately at such time as the condition causing such abandonment, invalidation, unenforceability, breach, default or termination shall be remedied and to the extent severable, shall attach immediately to any portion of such asset that does not result in any of the consequences specified herein; (f) any intent-to-use trademark application, filed pursuant to Section 1(b) of the Lanham Act, 17 USC. 1051(b), prior to the filing of a Statement of Use or Amendment to Allege Use with respect thereto (as each is defined in such act), to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant of the security interest of Agent with respect thereto would impair the validity or enforceability of such intent-to-use trademark application or any registration that issues from such intent-to-use application under applicable federal law; (g) other than as specifically provided in this definition, any asset with respect to which Agent shall have reasonably determined in good faith that the burden or cost of obtaining a security interest in such asset exceeds the practical benefit to the Agent and secured parties of the security to be afforded thereby. Excluded Canadian Accounts means the bank accounts of the Credit Parties with TD Canada Trust with account numbers as previously identified to Agent in writing with account numbers ending 5616, 2137, 1733, 1806, 1865, 1698, 1701, 4948 and 1951. Excluded Issuance shall mean an issuance and sale of Qualified Capital Stock of Holdings, to the extent such Qualified Capital Stock is used, or the Net Cash Proceeds thereof shall be, within forty-five (45) days of the consummation of such issuance and sale, used, without duplication, to finance Capital Expenditures. Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes; (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. or Canadian federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 1.7 , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office; (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 8(b) ; (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA; and (e) taxes imposed under Part XIII of the Income Tax Act (Canada) on amounts paid by a Canadian Credit Party that arise as a consequence of the recipient of the payment (i) not dealing at arm s length (within the meaning of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) with the Canadian Credit Party, (ii) being a specified non-resident shareholder (within the meaning of subsection 18(5) of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) of the Canadian Credit Party, or (iii) not dealing at arm s length (within the meaning of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) with a specified shareholder (within the meaning of subsection 18(5) of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) of the Canadian Credit Party. Excluded ZBA Disbursement Accounts has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 3.26(b). Executive Orders has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Existing Letters of Credit means those letters of credit outstanding as of the Closing Date and set forth on Disclosure Schedule (5.1) , issued by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association for the account of Holdings or its Subsidiaries. 
 SCHEDULE A - 15 

 Extraordinary Receipts means any cash received by or paid to or for the account of any Credit Party not in the ordinary course of business (and not consisting of any Proceeds described in any of Section 1.2(c) through (f) ), including Proceeds from the Arbitration Recovery, the Chubb Proceedings and/or the Koontz-Wagner Bankruptcy Proceedings, life insurance proceeds, purchase price and other monetary adjustments made in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or other acquisition permitted under the Loan Documents and/or indemnification payments made in connection with any such Permitted Acquisition or acquisition of substantially all of the assets or Equity Interests of another Person; provided , that Extraordinary Receipt shall exclude (a) working capital adjustments in connection with any such Permitted Acquisition or acquisition, and (b) indemnification payments received by any Credit Party pertaining to any such Permitted Acquisition or acquisition to the extent that the amounts so received are applied (within 90 days after receipt) for the purpose of remedying the condition giving rise to the claim for indemnification. FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the IRC, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the IRC and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the IRC. Fee Letters has the meaning assigned to it in Section 1.6 . Fees means any and all fees due to Agent as set forth in Section 1.6 . Financial Statements means, with respect to any Person, the income statement, balance sheet and statement of cash flows of such Person, prepared for the time period specified and prepared in accordance with GAAP setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for such time period the previous year, certified by a Responsible Officer as being fairly stated in all material respects. Fiscal Month means any of the monthly accounting periods of Borrower. Fiscal Quarter means any of the quarterly accounting periods of Borrower. Fiscal Year means the twelve (12) month period of Borrower ending December 31 of each year. Subsequent changes of the fiscal year of Borrower shall not change the term Fiscal Year unless Agent shall consent in writing to such change. Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, with respect to any Person for any measuring period of twelve (12) Fiscal Months, the ratio of (a) (i) Consolidated EBITDA for such measuring period minus (ii) Capital Expenditures for such measuring period (other than any Capital Expenditures financed by the incurrence of Indebtedness permitted under this Agreement), minus (iii) United States, Canadian, state, provincial, local and foreign taxes paid by such Person in cash during such period, minus (iv) any Restricted Payments to the extent actually made (provided that this clause shall not impair or modify any restriction on the making of a Restricted Payment that is not permitted to be made under this Agreement or the Loan Documents) during such period, minus (v) payments on the Permitted Koontz-Wagner Pension Plan Obligations to the extent actually made (provided that this clause (vi) shall not impair or modify any restriction on the making of a payment that is not permitted to be made under this Agreement or the Loan Documents), minus (vii) investments in Permitted Joint Ventures in accordance with Section 5.3 paid by such Person during such period, to (b) Consolidated Fixed Charges for such measuring period; provided that: (A) the Consolidated EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2020 and September 30, 2020 shall be deemed to be 4,988,638 and 4,053,202, respectively; (B) all amounts under this definition (other than as set forth in clause (A) above) for the trailing twelve (12) Fiscal Month period ending March 31, 2021, shall mean all such amounts during the period from December 31, 2020 to March 31, 2021, multiplied by 4; (C) all amounts under this definition (other than as set forth in clause (A) above) for the trailing twelve (12) Fiscal 
 SCHEDULE A - 16 

 Month period ending June 30, 2021, shall mean all such amounts during the period from December 31, 2020 to June 30, 2021, multiplied by 2; and (D) all amounts under this definition (other than as set forth in clause (A) above) for the trailing twelve (12) Fiscal Month period ending September 30, 2021, shall mean all such amounts during the period from December 31, 2020 to September 30, 2021, multiplied by 12/9. Fourth Amendment means that certain Fourth Amendment to this Agreement, dated as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Credit Parties, the Agent and the Lenders party thereto. Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan has the meaning assigned to it in Section 1.1(b). Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment means the maximum amount, if any, that each Lender under this Agreement may make or otherwise fund as Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loans, which maximum amount is set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule B or as otherwise documented by such Lender under the Loan Documents, as adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. The aggregate amount of the Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date is 1,500,000. Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender means each of those certain financial institutions set forth on Schedule B attached hereto that has a Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment as set forth on Schedule B hereto and such other financial institutions that may from time to time make a Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan under the Loan Documents, and if at any time any Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender shall decide to assign or syndicate all or any of its Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment subject to Section 8(a) of this Agreement, such term shall include such assignee or such other members of the syndicate. Fourth Amendment Effective Date means February 24, 2023. Foreign Lender shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 8(b)(ii) . Foreign Subsidiary means a Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia or Canada or any province or territory thereof. Formula Amount (and the definitions used in such term) shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Revolving Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof without giving effect to any amendments or modifications thereto after the date hereof, except to the extent permitted by the Intercreditor Agreement. GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as in effect from time to time, consistently applied. Governmental Authority means any nation or government, any state, province, territory or other political subdivision thereof, and any agency, department or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government. GPEG means GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Grantor means Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor. Guaranteed Indebtedness means, as to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing any indebtedness, lease, dividend, or other obligation primary obligations of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, including any obligation or arrangement of such guaranteeing Person (whether or not contingent): (i) to purchase or repurchase any such primary obligation; (ii) to advance or supply funds (a) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (b) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency or any balance sheet condition of the primary obligor; (iii) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary 
 SCHEDULE A - 17 

 obligor to make payment of such primary obligation; or (iv) to indemnify the owner of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof. Guaranteed Obligations shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 11.1 . Guarantees shall mean the guarantees issued pursuant to Article XI by Holdings and the Subsidiary Guarantors. Guarantors means Holdings and the Subsidiary Guarantors. Hazardous Material means any substance, material or waste that is regulated by or forms the basis of liability now or hereafter under, any Environmental Law, including any material or substance that is (a) defined as a solid waste, hazardous waste, hazardous material, hazardous substance, extremely hazardous waste, restricted hazardous waste, pollutant, contaminant, hazardous constituent, special waste, toxic substance or other similar term or phrase under any Environmental Law, (b) petroleum or any fraction or by-product thereof, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), or any radioactive substance. Hedging Agreement shall mean any swap, cap, collar, forward purchase or similar agreements or arrangements dealing with interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices, either generally or under specific contingencies. Hedging Obligations shall mean obligations under or with respect to Hedging Agreements. Inactive Subsidiary shall mean each of GPEG, Power and Steam. Indebtedness of any Person shall mean, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or advances; (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments; (c) all obligations of such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid or accrued, other than trade accounts payable, taxes and utility charges incurred in the ordinary course of business on customary terms and not overdue by more than 120 days, except, in the case of such accounts payable overdue by more than 120 days, such accounts payable are being contested in good faith and reserves have been made; (d) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property purchased by such Person to the extent of the value of such property (other than customary reservations or retentions of title under agreements with suppliers entered into in the ordinary course of business); (e) all obligations of such Person issued or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding (i) trade accounts payable and accrued obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business on normal trade terms and not overdue by more than 120 days, except for accounts payable being contested in good faith and for which reserves have been made, (ii) any earn-out obligation until such obligation is due and payable and (iii) deferred or equity compensation arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business and payable to directors, officers and employees made in accordance with Section 5.7(vii)); (f) all Indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) of others secured by any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the obligations secured thereby have been assumed, but limited to the fair market value of such property; (g) all Capital Lease Obligations, Purchase Money Obligations and synthetic lease obligations of such Person; (h) all Hedging Obligations to the extent required to be reflected on a balance sheet of such Person; (i) all Attributable Indebtedness of such Person; (j) all obligations of such Person for the reimbursement of any obligor in respect of letters of credit, letters of guarantee, bankers acceptances and similar credit transactions; (k) the principal balance outstanding under any synthetic lease, off-balance sheet loan or similar off-balance sheet financing product; (l) all obligations, whether or not contingent, to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise acquire for value any of its own Stock or Stock Equivalents (or any Stock or Stock Equivalent of a direct or indirect parent entity thereof) prior to the date that is 180 days after the Stated Maturity Date valued at, in the case of redeemable preferred Stock, the greater of the voluntary liquidation preference and the involuntary liquidation preference of such Stock plus accrued and unpaid dividends; and (m) all Contingent Obligations of such Person in respect of Indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (a) through (l) above. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except (other than in the case of general partner liability) to the extent that terms of such Indebtedness expressly provide that such Person is not liable therefor. Indemnified Liabilities and Indemnified Person have the respective meanings assigned to them in Section 1.10 . 
 SCHEDULE A - 18 

 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. Industrial Design means, with respect to any Person and throughout the world, all of the following now owned or hereafter acquired by such Person: (i) all industrial designs, intangibles of like nature and any work subject to the design laws of Canada or any other country, (ii) all registrations and applications for registrations of any such industrial designs in Canada or any other country, including registrations in the Canadian Intellectual Property Office, (iii) income, fees, royalties, damages, claims and payments now and hereafter due or payable under and with respect thereto, including payments under all licenses entered into in connection therewith and damages and payments for past, present, or future infringements thereof, (iv) the right to sue for past, present, and future infringements thereof, and (v) rights corresponding thereto throughout the world. Insurance Requirements means, collectively, all provisions of the insurance policies, all requirements of the issuer of any of the insurance policies and all orders, rules, regulations and any other requirements of the National Board of Fire Underwriters (or any other body exercising similar functions) binding upon each Credit Party which is an owner of Mortgaged Property and applicable to the Mortgaged Property or any use or condition thereof. Intellectual Property means any and all Licenses, Patents, Copyrights, Trademarks, Industrial Designs, trade secrets and customer lists. Intercreditor Agreement means that certain Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of even date herewith, among Agent and the Revolving Agent, as amended from time to time in accordance with its terms. IRC and IRS mean respectively, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Internal Revenue Service, and any successors thereto. Joinder Agreement means each Joinder Agreement of a new Subsidiary delivered to the Agent after the Closing Date in substantially the form of Exhibit H pursuant to Sections 1.12 and 3.28(b) . Judgment Conversion Date has the meaning given to such term in Section 10.19 . Judgment Currency has the meaning given to such term in Section 10.19 . Lender means each of those certain financial institutions set forth on Schedule B attached hereto, and if at any time any Lender shall decide to assign or syndicate all or any of the Obligations subject to Section 8(a) of this Agreement, such term shall include such assignee or such other members of the syndicate. Liabilities means all claims, actions, suits, judgments, damages, losses, liability, obligations, responsibilities, fines, penalties, sanctions, costs, fees, taxes, commissions, charges, disbursements and expenses, in each case of any kind or nature (including interest accrued thereon or as a result thereto and fees, charges and disbursements of financial, legal and other advisors and consultants), whether joint or several, whether or not indirect, contingent, consequential, actual, punitive, treble or otherwise. LIBOR means, for each Fiscal Quarter, the greater of (a) one percent (1.0 per annum and (b) the offered rate per annum for deposits of Dollars for an interest period of 3 months that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR 01 Page as of 11:00 A.M. (London, England time) two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of each Fiscal Quarter or, for the period from the Closing Date until the end of the first Fiscal Quarter after the Closing Date, prior to the Closing Date, or if no such offered rate exists, such rate will be the rate of interest per annum, as determined by Agent at which deposits of Dollars in immediately available funds are offered at 11:00 A.M. (London, England time) two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of each Fiscal Quarter by major financial institutions reasonably satisfactory to Agent in the interbank market for such Fiscal Quarter for the applicable principal amount on such date of determination. Licenses shall mean, with respect to each Grantor, all license and distribution agreements with, and covenants not to sue, any other party with respect to any Patent, Trademark, Copyright or Industrial Design or any other patent, 
 SCHEDULE A - 19 

 trademark, copyright or industrial design, whether such Grantor is a licensor or licensee, distributor or distributee under any such license or distribution agreement, together with any and all (i) renewals, extensions, supplements and continuations thereof, (ii) income, fees, royalties, damages, claims and payments now and hereafter due and/or payable thereunder and with respect thereto including damages and payments for past, present or future infringements or violations thereof, (iii) rights to sue for past, present and future infringements or violations thereof and (iv) other rights to use, exploit or practice any or all of the Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights or Industrial Design or any other patent, trademark, copyright or industrial design. Lien means any mortgage, security deed or deed of trust, deemed trust (statutory or otherwise), pledge, hypothecation, hypothec, assignment, deposit arrangement, lien, charge, claim, security interest, security title, easement or encumbrance, or preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any lease or title retention agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the filing of, or agreement to give, any financing statement perfecting a security interest under the Code, the PPSA or comparable law of any jurisdiction). Liquidity means, as of any date of determination, the sum of (a) Credit Parties unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one more deposit accounts maintained by the Credit Parties with the Agent or at other banks or financial institutions as permitted under the Revolving Loan Agreement , plus (B) Borrowing Availability under the Revolving Credit Agreement, Lists has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Litigation means any claim, lawsuit, litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority. Loan has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.1 . Loan Documents means this Agreement, each Note, the Guarantee, each Mortgage (if any), the Pledge Agreement, the Control Agreements, the Fee Letters, each Power of Attorney, any waiver or consent of a landlord or mortgagee executed in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, and all other agreements, instruments, documents and certificates identified in Schedule D executed and delivered to, and in favor of, Agent and including all other agreements, pledges, consents, assignments, contracts and notices whether heretofore, now or hereafter executed by or on behalf of any Credit Party, or any employee of any Credit Party, and delivered to, and in favor of, Agent in connection with the Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby. Any reference in the Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, and shall refer to the Agreement or such Loan Document as the same may be in effect at any and all times such reference becomes operative. Mandatory Prepayments has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.2(b) . Margin Stock has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.8 . Material Adverse Effect means a fact, event, circumstance or other effect that, alone or with other facts, events, circumstances or other effects that (a) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change in the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, assets, liabilities (contingent or otherwise) or properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) impairs, or could reasonably be expected to impair, the ability of the Credit Parties to make any payment or perform any of their other obligations under the Loan Documents or the ability of the Agent or any Lender to enforce its rights and remedies under the Loan Documents, (c) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, in a material adverse effect on the liens, including the priority thereof, granted by the Credit Parties in the assets of the Credit Parties or (d) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a material adverse effect on the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document. Material Holder means, with respect to any Credit Party, (a) any Person that owns or has the power to vote 25 or more of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Credit Party or other Persons performing similar functions for such Credit Party, or (b) any Person that has the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Credit Party whether by ownership of equity 
 SCHEDULE A - 20 

 interests, contract or otherwise. Material Owned Real Property means (a) the Real Property owned by any Credit Party listed in the Perfection Certificate dated as of the Closing Date and (b) any other Real Property owned by a Credit Party or acquired by a Credit Party with a fair market value in excess of 1,000,000. Maturity Date means, with respect to the Term Loan, the earliest to occur of (i) the date of the termination of the acceleration of the maturity of any Obligations pursuant to Section 7.2 and (ii) the Stated Maturity Date. Maximum Lawful Rate has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.5(e) . Maximum Priority Revolving Loan Debt has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Intercreditor Agreement. Mortgage means any mortgage or deed of trust from the relevant Credit Party in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders relating to such Credit Party s real property owned as of the Closing Date, if any, and any other mortgage or deed of trust delivered to the Agent pursuant to Section 3.28 . Mortgaged Property shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Mortgages. Multiemployer Plan shall mean a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) or Section 3(37) of ERISA (a) to which any Grantor or any ERISA Affiliate is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions; (b) to which any Grantor or any ERISA Affiliate has within the preceding five plan years made contributions; or (c) with respect to which any Grantor could incur liability. Net Cash Proceeds shall mean: (a) with respect to any Asset Sale (other than any issuance or sale of Equity Interests), the cash proceeds received by any Credit Party (including cash proceeds subsequently received (as and when received by any Credit Party) in respect of non-cash consideration initially received) net of (i) selling expenses (including reasonable brokers fees or commissions, legal, accounting and other professional and transactional fees, transfer and similar taxes and Credit Party s good faith estimate of income taxes actually paid or payable in connection with such sale); (ii) amounts provided as a reserve, in accordance with GAAP, against (x) any liabilities under any indemnification obligations associated with such Asset Sale or (y) any other liabilities retained by any Credit Party associated with the properties sold in such Asset Sale provided that, to the extent and at the time any such amounts are released from such reserve, such amounts shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds); (iii) Credit Party s good faith estimate of payments required to be made with respect to unassumed liabilities relating to the properties sold within ninety (90) days of such Asset Sale provided that, to the extent such cash proceeds are not used to make payments in respect of such unassumed liabilities within ninety (90) days of such Asset Sale, such cash proceeds shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds); and (iv) the principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts on any Indebtedness for borrowed money which is secured by a Lien on the properties sold in such Asset Sale (so long as such Lien was permitted to encumber such properties under the Loan Documents at the time of such sale) and which is repaid with such proceeds (other than any such Indebtedness assumed by the purchaser of such properties); (b) with respect to any Debt Issuance, any Equity Issuance or any other issuance or sale of Equity Interests by any Credit Party (other than to another Credit Party), the cash proceeds thereof, net of customary fees, commissions, costs and other expenses incurred in connection therewith (including reasonable attorney s, accountant s and other similar professional advisor s fees); and (c) with respect to any Casualty Event, the cash insurance proceeds, condemnation awards and other compensation received in respect thereof, net of all reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection with the collection of such proceeds, awards or other compensation in respect of such Casualty Event. Non-Funding Lender has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.13 . 
 SCHEDULE A - 21 

 Note means any Term Note. NQAP License means all rights, permits, licenses, approvals and privileges (including all Permits) granted to a Person from time to time in connection with a Nuclear Quality Assurance Plan. NRC License means all rights, permits, licenses, approvals and privileges (including all Permits) granted to a Person from time to time by the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Obligations means all loans, advances, debts, expense reimbursement, fees, liabilities, and obligations for the performance of covenants, tasks or duties or for payment of monetary amounts (whether or not such performance is then required or contingent, or amounts are liquidated or determinable) owing by Borrower and any other Credit Party to the Lenders arising under any of the Loan Documents, of any kind or nature, present or future, and all covenants and duties regarding such amounts. This term includes all principal, interest, Fees, Charges, expenses, attorneys fees and any other sum chargeable to Borrower under any of the Loan Documents (including interest accruing at the then applicable rate provided in this Agreement after the maturity of the Loan, and Fees, Charges, costs, expenses and interest accruing at the then applicable rate provided in this Agreement after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest or a claim for such Fees, Charges, costs and expense is allowed in such proceeding), and all principal and interest due in respect of the Loan and all obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor under any Guarantee. OFAC has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . OFAC Laws and Regulations has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Officers Certificate means a certificate executed by the chairman of the Board of Directors (if an officer), the Chief Executive Officer or the president and one of the Responsible Officers, each in his or her official (and not individual) capacity. Organization Charts has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(s) . Organizational Documents shall mean, with respect to any Person, (i) in the case of any corporation or unlimited liability corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation, as applicable, and by-laws (or similar documents) of such Person, (ii) in the case of any limited liability company, the certificate of formation and operating agreement (or similar documents) of such Person, (iii) in the case of any limited partnership, the certificate of formation and limited partnership agreement (or similar documents) of such Person, (iv) in the case of any general partnership, the partnership agreement (or similar document) of such Person and (v) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. Other Lists has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment. Ownership Interests means, as applied to any Person, corporate stock and any and all securities, shares, partnership interests (whether general, limited, special or other), limited liability company interests, membership interests, equity interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated and of any character) of corporate stock of such Person or any of the foregoing issued by such Person (whether a corporation, a partnership, a limited liability company or another entity) and shall include securities convertible into Ownership Interests and rights, warrants or 
 SCHEDULE A - 22 

 options to acquire Ownership Interests. Participant has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(a) . Participant Register has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(a) . Patents means all of the following in which any Person now holds or hereafter acquires any interest: (i) all letters patent and patents of the United States or any other country, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications for letters patent and patents of the United States or any other country, including registrations, recordings and applications in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the Canadian Intellectual Property Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any State or Territory thereof, or any other country; and (ii) all reissues, continuations, continuations-in-part or extensions thereof. Payment Date has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.1 . PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor thereto. Perfection Certificate means a certificate in the form of Exhibit A attached to this Agreement or any other form approved by the Agent, as the same shall be supplemented from time to time. Permit means, with respect to any Person, any permit, approval, authorization, license, registration, certificate, concession, grant, franchise, variance or permission from, and any other Contractual Obligations with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law and applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. Permitted Acquisition shall mean any transaction for the (a) acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets or property of any Person, or of any business or division of any Person; or (b) acquisition (including by merger or consolidation) of the Equity Interests of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after giving effect to such transaction; provided that each of the following conditions shall be met: (i) no Default then exists or would result therefrom; (ii) the Credit Parties shall have delivered to Agent a pro forma balance sheet, pro forma financial statements and a Compliance Certificate demonstrating that, both before and after giving effect to such transaction on a Pro Forma Basis, (A) Holdings and its Subsidiaries shall be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 4.2 as of the most recent Measuring period (assuming (x) for purposes of Section 4.2 , that such transaction, and all other Permitted Acquisitions consummated since the first day of the relevant measuring period ending on or prior to the date of such transaction, had occurred on the first day of such relevant measuring period and (y) if such transaction is to be consummated prior to the last day of the first measuring period for which the covenants in Section 4.2 are required to be satisfied, the levels required for such first measuring period shall be deemed to apply in determining compliance with such covenants for purposes of this clause (A) ), (B) the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed 3.25:1.00 (with such Total Leverage Ratio calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as described in the immediately preceding clause (A) and (C) the Borrower shall have Undrawn Availability (as defined in the Revolving Loan Agreement) of not less than 7,500,000; (iii) no Credit Party shall, in connection with any such transaction, assume or remain liable with respect to any Indebtedness or other liability (including any material tax or ERISA liability) of the related seller or the business, Person or properties acquired, except obligations not constituting Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business and necessary or desirable to the continued operation of the underlying properties, and any other such liabilities or obligations not permitted to be assumed or otherwise supported by any Credit Party hereunder shall be paid in full or released as to the business, persons or properties being so acquired on or before the consummation of such acquisition; (iv) the Person or business to be acquired shall be, or shall be engaged in, a business of the type that the Credit Parties are permitted to be engaged in under Section 5.6 and the property acquired in 
 SCHEDULE A - 23 

 connection with any such transaction shall be made subject to the Lien of the Loan Documents and shall be free and clear of any Liens, other than Permitted Liens; (v) with respect to the acquisition of Equity Interests, the Person to be acquired shall (i) have a positive Consolidated EBITDA, calculated in accordance with GAAP immediately prior to such acquisition, (ii) be added as a Borrower or a Guarantor in accordance with Section 3.28 and be jointly and severally liable for all Obligations, and (iii) grant to Agent a first priority Lien in all of its assets; (vi) if such acquisition includes general partnership interests or any other Equity Interest that does not have a corporate (or similar) limitation on liability of the owners thereof, then such acquisition shall be effected by having such Equity Interests acquired by a corporate holding company directly or indirectly wholly-owned by a Credit Party and newly formed for the sole purpose of effecting such acquisition; (vii) the Board of Directors of the Person to be acquired shall have approved the acquisition; (viii) all transactions in connection therewith shall be consummated in accordance with all applicable Requirements of Law; (ix) unless the Agent shall otherwise agree, Borrower shall have provided the Agent with (A) historical Financial Statements for the last three Fiscal Years (or, if less, the number of years since formation) of the Person or business to be acquired (audited if available without undue cost or delay) and unaudited Financial Statements thereof for the most recent interim period which are available, (B) reasonably detailed projections for the succeeding three years pertaining to the Person or business to be acquired and updated projections for Borrower after giving effect to such transaction, (C) a reasonably detailed description of all material information relating thereto and copies of all material documentation pertaining to such transaction, and (D) all such other information and data relating to such transaction or the Person or business to be acquired as may be reasonably requested by the Agent; (x) at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed date of consummation of the transaction, Borrower shall have delivered to the Agent an Officer s Certificate certifying that (A) such transaction complies with this definition (which shall have attached thereto reasonably detailed backup data and calculations showing such compliance), and (B) such transaction could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and (xi) the aggregate amount of the Acquisition Consideration for all Permitted Acquisitions since the Closing Date shall not exceed 5 million; provided that (i) any Equity Interests constituting all or a portion of such Acquisition Consideration shall not have a cash dividend requirement on or prior to the Maturity Date and (ii) any earn-out payments or deferred or future payments shall be subject to a subordination agreement (in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Agent) in favor of Agent subordinating payment of such earn-out payments or deferred or future payments to Agent and such payment obligations shall be unsecured. Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary means a Captive Insurance Subsidiary that Agent has approved as a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary pursuant to Section 5.21 . Permitted Joint Venture means any joint venture or partnership between a Credit Party, on the other hand, and any other Person, on the other hand (each, a Joint Venture so long as (a) immediately prior to and after giving pro forma effect to the formation and capitalization of such Joint Venture, no Default or Event of Default exists; (b) the assets, businesses or activities of the Joint Venture are consistent with the then-current business plan of the Credit Parties; (c) no Indebtedness or Liens are assumed or incurred by such Credit Party as a result of the formation and capitalization of, or as a result of any subsequent investment in, the Joint Venture, except as otherwise expressly permitted by Section 5.1 or Section 5.2; and (d) such Credit Party, the Joint Venture or the customer or customers of the Joint Venture shall obtain customary liability and commercial insurance, in amounts and from reputable insurers as may be necessary for prudent execution of work by the Joint Venture. 
 SCHEDULE A - 24 

 Permitted Koontz-Wagner Pension Plan Obligations means obligations of the Credit Parties in an aggregate amount not to exceed 2,700,000 for their obligations arising under the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local Union 1392 multi-employer pension plan of Koontz-Wagner Custom Controls Holdings LLC (which Person was previously a Subsidiary of the Credit Parties and filed a voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 7 of Title 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas on July 11, 2018 (the proceedings relating to such petition, the Koontz-Wagner Bankruptcy Proceedings ). Permitted Liens means the following encumbrances: (i) Liens for taxes or assessments or other governmental Charges or levies, including Priority Payables, either not yet due and payable or to the extent that nonpayment thereof is permitted by the terms of Section 3.09 ; (ii) carriers , warehousemen s, suppliers , mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s or other similar liens arising in the ordinary course of business and securing indebtedness not yet due and payable or overdue for more than 30 days or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person to the extent required in accordance with GAAP; (iii) attachment, judgment or other similar Liens arising in connection with court or arbitration proceedings, provided that the same are discharged, or that execution or enforcement thereof is stayed pending appeal, within thirty (30) days or (in the case of any execution or enforcement pending appeal) such lesser time during which such appeal may be taken; (iv) zoning restrictions, easements, licenses, or other restrictions on the use of real property or other minor irregularities in title thereto, so long as the same do not materially impair the use, value, or marketability of such real estate; (v) Purchase Money Liens securing Purchase Money Obligations (or rent) and Capital Leases, in each case, to the extent permitted under Section 5.1 ; (vi) Liens in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders securing the Obligations; (vii) Liens in favor of Revolving Agent securing all obligations, indebtedness and liabilities of the Credit Parties under the Revolving Loan Agreement in an amount not to exceed the Maximum Priority Revolving Loan Debt; (viii) Liens existing on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 9 of the Perfection Certificate dated as of the Closing Date; (ix) (A) pledge or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation (other than any Lien being registered or enforced in respect of any Priority Payables and other than any Lien imposed by ERISA), (B) pledges and deposits in the ordinary course of business securing liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance and (C) Liens on insurance premium returns and insurance proceeds granted in favor of insurance companies in connection with the financing of insurance premiums with respect thereto in the ordinary course of business; (x) deposits and Liens to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, governmental contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money), statutory obligations, surety, stay, indemnity, customs and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature (including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations) incurred in the ordinary course of business; (xi) Liens that are contractual rights of set-off (A) solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by any Credit Party, in each case, which set-off rights are granted in the ordinary course of business in favor of the depository bank or financial institution with which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts owing to such bank or institution with respect to cash management and operating account arrangements, including those involving pooled accounts and netting arrangements, provided that, in no case shall any such Liens secure (either directly or indirectly) the repayment of any Indebtedness (other than (1) Indebtedness up to the Maximum Priority Revolving Debt Amount to the extent one of the Lenders under the Revolving Loan Agreement, or an Affiliate of such a Lender, is the applicable depository bank or financial institution and such Lien is subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, and (2) Indebtedness (that does not constitute Indebtedness for borrowed money) that is owed to any depository or cash management bank that provides cash management services to the Credit Parties), (B) solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by any Credit Party, in each case, which set-off rights relate to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Credit Parties or any Subsidiary (so long as such Subsidiary remains a Subsidiary) to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, provided that, in no case shall any such Liens secure (either directly or indirectly) the repayment of any Indebtedness (other than (1) Indebtedness up to the Maximum Priority Revolving Debt Amount to the extent one of the Lenders under the Revolving Loan Agreement, or an Affiliate of such a Lender, is the applicable depository bank or financial institution and such Lien is subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, and (2) Indebtedness (that does not constitute Indebtedness for borrowed money) that is owed to any depository or cash management bank that provides cash management services to the Credit Parties), or (C) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of a Credit Party or any of their Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; (xii) the filing of Code and PPSA financing statements solely as a precautionary measure in connection with operating leases entered into by a Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; (xiii) Liens in connection with the cash collateralization of the Existing Letters of Credit (and any replacements thereof), so long as the 
 SCHEDULE A - 25 

 amount secured thereunder does not exceed 105 of the aggregate face amount of such Existing Letters of Credit (or such replacement letters of credit); (xiv) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of applicable Requirements of Law to secure payment of custom duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business; (xv) non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property and other intellectual property rights in the ordinary course of business and not interfering in any material respect with the business of any Credit Party, and (xvi) Liens described in clause (b) of the definition of Excluded Assets. Person means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization, association, corporation, limited liability company, institution, public benefit corporation, entity or government (whether federal, state, provincial, territorial, county, city, municipal or otherwise, including any instrumentality, division, agency, body or department thereof), and shall include such Person s successors and assigns. PIK Rate means the per annum rate equal to (a) Adjusted Term SOFR, plus (b) the Applicable Margin, minus (c) 10 per annum. Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the IRC or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate is or, within the preceding five years, was an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. Pledge Agreement means that certain Pledge Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Credit Parties and the Agent pledging as Collateral for the Obligations any Ownership Interests of Subsidiaries owned by each Credit Party other than those Ownership Interests constituting Excluded Assets, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Pledged Securities shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Credit Party, (i) all issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each issuer set forth in the Perfection Certificate as being owned by such Credit Party and all options, warrants, rights, agreements and additional Equity Interests of whatever class of any such issuer acquired by such Credit Party (including by issuance), together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Credit Party relating to such Equity Interests in each such issuer or under any Organizational Document of each such issuer, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such Equity Interests and any and all interest of such Credit Party in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such Equity Interests, (ii) all Equity Interests of any Subsidiary, which Equity Interests are hereafter acquired by such Credit Party (including by issuance) and all options, warrants, rights, agreements and additional Equity Interests of whatever class of any such Subsidiary acquired by such Credit Party (including by issuance), together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Credit Party relating to such Equity Interests or under any Organizational Document of any such Subsidiary, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such Equity Interests and any and all interest of such Credit Party in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such Equity Interests, from time to time acquired by such Credit Party in any manner, and (iii) all Equity Interests issued in respect of the Equity Interests referred to in clause (i) or (ii) upon any consolidation, merger or amalgamation of any issuer of such Equity Interests; provided , however , that Pledged Securities shall not include any Equity Interests which are not required to be pledged pursuant to Section 3.28 or that constitute Excluded Assets . Post-Closing Organization Chart has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(s) . Power means Global Power Professional Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Power of Attorney means each Power of Attorney of the Credit Parties delivered to Agent as of the Closing Date in substantially the form of Exhibit D and any Power of Attorney delivered to the Agent after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 1.12 . PPSA means the Personal Property Security Act (British Columbia) (and other equivalent personal property security legislation in any other applicable Canadian province or territory) and the regulations thereunder, as from time to time in effect, provided, however, if attachment, perfection or priority of the Agent s or any Lender s security interest in any Collateral is governed by the personal property security laws of any jurisdiction in Canada other than British Columbia, with respect to such Collateral, PPSA shall mean those personal property security laws in such other jurisdiction of Canada (including the Civil Code of Qu bec and the regulation respecting the register of personal and movable real rights 
 SCHEDULE A - 26 

 thereunder) for the purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such attachment, perfection or priority and for the definitions related to such provisions. Pre-Closing Organization Chart has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(s) . Preferred Stock shall mean, with respect to any Person, any and all preferred or preference Equity Interests (however designated) of such Person whether now outstanding or issued after the Closing Date. Preferred Stock Issuance shall mean the issuance or sale by any Credit Party of any Preferred Stock after the Closing Date (other than (x) as permitted by Section 5.1 or (y) any Excluded Issuance). Prepayment has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.2(b) . Priority Payables means (a) the full amount of the liabilities of any Credit Party which (i) have a trust imposed to provide for payment or a security interest, pledge, Lien, hypothec or charge ranking or capable of ranking senior to or pari passu with security interests, Liens, hypothecs or charges securing the Obligations on any Collateral under any federal, provincial, state, county, district, municipal, local or foreign law or (ii) have a right imposed to provide for payment ranking or capable of ranking senior to or pari passu with the Obligations under federal, provincial, state, county, district, municipal, local or foreign law, regulation or directive, including, but not limited to, claims for unremitted and/or accelerated rents, taxes, wages, withholdings taxes, value added taxes, amounts payable to an insolvency administrator, employee withholdings or deductions, vacation pay, severance and termination pay, workers compensation obligations, government royalties or pension obligations in each case to the extent such trust, or security interest, Lien, hypothec or charge has been or may be imposed, including under the Wage Earner Protection Program Act (Canada), and (b) the amount equal to the aggregate value of the inventory which the Agent, in good faith, and on a reasonable basis, considers is or may be subject to retention of title by a supplier or a right of a supplier to recover possession thereof, where such supplier s right has priority over the security interests, Liens, hypothecs or charges securing the Obligations, including, without limitation, inventory subject to a right of a supplier to repossess goods pursuant to Section 81.1 of the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada) or any applicable laws granting revendication or similar rights to unpaid suppliers or any similar laws of Canada or any other applicable jurisdiction. Pro Forma Basis shall mean on a basis in accordance with GAAP and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Agent. Proceeds means proceeds, as such term is defined in the Code or the PPSA, as applicable, and, in any event, shall include: (i) any and all proceeds of any insurance, indemnity, warranty or guarantee payable to any Grantor from time to time with respect to any Collateral; (ii) any and all payments (in any form whatsoever) made or due and payable to any Grantor from time to time in connection with any requisition, confiscation, condemnation, seizure or forfeiture of any Collateral by any governmental body, authority, bureau or agency (or any Person acting under color of governmental authority); (iii) any recoveries by any Grantor against third parties with respect to any litigation or dispute concerning any Collateral, including claims arising out of the loss or nonconformity of, interference with the use of, defects in, or infringement of rights in, or damage to, Collateral; and (iv) any and all other amounts, rights to payment or other property acquired upon the sale, lease, license, exchange or other disposition of Collateral (excluding amounts and rights to payment arising from the rental of any of the Collateral to customers of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or distributors) and all rights arising out of Collateral. Property means any interest in any kind of property or asset, whether real, personal or mixed, and whether tangible or intangible. Protective Advance Percentages means, as to any Lender and as of any date of determination, the percentage determined by dividing (a) the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then held by such Lender, by (b) the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then held by all Lenders. Purchase Money Lien means any Lien upon any fixed assets that secure the Purchase Money Obligations related thereto but only if such Lien shall at all times be confined solely to the assets the purchase price of which was financed or refinanced through the incurrence of the Purchase Money Obligations secured by such Lien (and the proceeds thereof) and only if such Lien secures only such Purchase Money Obligations. 
 SCHEDULE A - 27 

 Purchase Money Obligations means for any Person the obligations of such Person in respect of Indebtedness incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price of any property (including Equity Interests of any Person) or the cost of installation, construction or improvement of any property and any refinancing thereof; provided , however , that (i) such Indebtedness is incurred within one year after such acquisition, installation, construction or improvement of such property by such Person and (ii) the amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed 100 of the cost of such acquisition, installation, construction or improvement, as the case may be. Qualified Capital Stock means of any Person any Equity Interests of such Person that are not Disqualified Capital Stock. Real Property shall mean, collectively, all right, title and interest (including any leasehold, mineral or other estate) in and to any and all parcels of or interests in real property owned, leased or operated by any Person, whether by lease, license or other means, together with, in each case, all easements, hereditaments and appurtenances relating thereto, all improvements and appurtenant fixtures and equipment, all general intangibles and contract rights and other property and rights incidental to the ownership, lease or operation thereof. Recipient means Agent and any Lender. Register has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(a) . Related Persons means, with respect to any Person, each Affiliate of such Person and each director, officer, employee, agent, trustee, representative, attorney, accountant and each insurance, environmental, legal, financial and other advisor and other consultants and agents of or to such Person or any of its Affiliates. Release means as to any Person, any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, injection, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, dumping, leaching or migration of Hazardous Materials in the indoor or outdoor environment by such Person, including the movement of Hazardous Materials through or in the air, soil, surface water, ground water or property. Rental Office means any rental office of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is not located in a Restricted Location. Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having at such time in excess of 50 of the sum of the aggregate Term Loan Commitments (or, if such Term Loan Commitments are terminated, the amount outstanding under the Term Loans) then in effect; provided, however, that at any time when there are two (2) or more Lenders, Required Lenders shall require at least two (2) Lenders. For purposes of calculation of Required Lenders, a Lender and any of its Affiliates that are also a Lender, and their respective Term Loan Commitments and/or holdings of the Term Loans, shall be deemed to be a single Lender with a single consolidated Term Loan Commitment and/or holding a single consolidated Term Loan. Requirement of Law means as to any Person, the Certificate or Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws or other Organizational Documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case, binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. Responsible Officer means, with respect to any Person (other than an individual), any officer at the level of vice president or higher of, but in any event, with respect to financial matters, the chief financial officer, chief accounting officer, treasurer or controller of such Person. Restricted Locations has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.21(c) . Restricted Payment means: (a) the declaration or payment of any dividend or the incurrence of any liability to make any other payment or distribution of cash or other property or assets on or in respect of Borrower s or any other Credit Party s Stock, (b) any payment or distribution made in respect of any subordinated Indebtedness of Borrower or any other Credit Party in violation of any subordination or other agreement made in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, (c) any payment on account of the purchase, redemption, defeasance or other retirement of Borrower s or any other Credit Party s Stock or Indebtedness or any other payment or distribution made in respect of any thereof, 
 SCHEDULE A - 28 

 either directly or indirectly; other than (i) that arising under this Agreement, (ii) interest and principal, when due without acceleration or modification of the amortization as in effect on the Closing Date, under Indebtedness (not including subordinated Indebtedness, payments of which shall be permitted only in accordance with the terms of the relevant subordination agreement made in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders) permitted under Sections 5.1 (provided that any payments made by Credit Parties on the Permitted Koontz-Wagner Pension Plan Obligations shall not exceed 300,000 per Fiscal Year), (iii) payments and prepayments with respect to Indebtedness under the Revolving Loan Agreement in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Maximum Priority Revolving Loan Debt as of any date of determination and otherwise permitted pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, or (d) any payment, loan, contribution, or other transfer of funds or other property to any holder of Stock of such Person which is not expressly and specifically permitted in this Agreement; provided that any payment to Agent or any Lender shall not constitute a Restricted Payment. Revolving Agent means PNC Bank, National Association. Revolving Loan Agreement means that certain Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among Revolving Agent, the Credit Parties party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, as amended, restated, supplemented and/or modified to the extent permitted by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. Revolving Loan Documents has the meaning assigned to the term Other Documents under the Revolving Loan Agreement. SBA means the United States Small Business Administration and any successor thereto. SBA Forms means, collectively, SBA forms 480, 652 and 1031. SBA Side Letter means a Small Business Investment Company side letter among the Borrower and the SBICs (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time accordance with its terms) in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and the Borrower. SBIC means Agent or certain of its Affiliates that is a Federal licensee under the Act. SDN List has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Second Amendment means that certain Second Amendment to this Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Credit Parties, the Agent and the Lenders party thereto. Second Amendment Effective Date means December 30, 2022. Secretarial Certificate means each Secretarial Certificate of the Credit Parties delivered to Agent as of the Closing Date in substantially the form of Exhibit C and any Secretarial Certificate delivered to the Agent after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 1.12 . SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (d) of the definition of Base Rate . Solvent means, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) the assets of such Person, at a fair valuation, exceed its liabilities, including contingent liabilities, (b) the remaining capital of such Person is not unreasonably small to conduct its business and (c) such Person will not have incurred debts, and does not have the present intent to incur debts, beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature. For purposes of this definition, debt means any liability on a claim, and claim means any (i) right to payment, whether or not such right is reduced to judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, legal, equitable, 
 SCHEDULE A - 29 

 secured or unsecured, or (ii) right to an equitable remedy for breach of performance if such breach gives rise to a right to payment, whether or not such right to an equitable remedy is reduced to judgment, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, secured or unsecured. In computing the amount of contingent liabilities of any Person on any date, such liabilities shall be computed at the amount that, in the reasonable judgment of the Agent in light of all facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount of such liabilities that reasonably can be expected to become actual or matured liabilities. Specified Canadian Account means the bank account of the Credit Parties with TD Canada Trust with account number as previously identified to Agent in writing with account number ending 5675. Stated Maturity Date means December 16, 2025. Steam means Steam Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Stock means all certificated and uncertificated shares, options, warrants, membership interests, general or limited partnership interests, participation or other equivalents (regardless of how designated) of or in a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or equivalent entity whether voting or nonvoting, including common stock, preferred stock, beneficial interests in a trust or any other equity security (as such term is defined in Rule 3a11-1 of the General Rules and Regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act) or other equity interests in any Person. Stock Equivalents means all securities convertible into or exchangeable for Stock or any other Stock Equivalent and all warrants, options or other rights to purchase, subscribe for or otherwise acquire any Stock or any other Stock Equivalent, whether or not presently convertible, exchangeable or exercisable. Subordinated Creditors means each of Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP I as payee under the Subordinated Notes and in any related capacity under the Subordinated Loan Documents. Subordinated Debt means the Indebtedness issued under the Subordinated Loan Documents. Subordinated Guaranty means, individually and collectively, (a) that certain Guaranty, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, by and among Guarantors and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP, and (b) that certain Guaranty, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, by and among Guarantors and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP I. Subordinated Note means, individually and collectively, each of those certain Unsecured Promissory Notes, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, by and among Holdings as maker thereunder and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP or Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP I, as applicable, as payee thereunder. Subordinated Loan Documents means (a) each Subordinated Note, each Subordinated Guaranty, the Subordination Agreement, and any other documents entered into in connection with the foregoing, and (b) means each other subordinated promissory note or agreement issued by a Credit Party to or any other Person that shall have entered into a Subordination Agreement with the Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, subsequent to the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, and each other promissory note, instrument and agreement executed in connection therewith, in each case of clauses (a) and (b) , as the same may from time to time be amended, restated, or otherwise modified or replaced in accordance with the terms of the applicable Subordination Agreement. Subordination Agreement means a Subordination Agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent which sets forth subordination terms applicable to the Subordinated Debt. Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, (i) any corporation of which an aggregate of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding Stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, Stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, owned 
 SCHEDULE A - 30 

 legally or beneficially by such Person and/or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, or with respect to which any such Person has the right to vote or designate the vote of more than fifty percent (50 of such Stock whether by proxy, agreement, operation of law or otherwise, and (ii) any partnership or limited liability company in which such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person has an equity interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than fifty percent (50 or of which any such Person is a general partner or manager or may exercise the powers of a general partner or manager. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary of Holdings. In no event shall the term Subsidiary include a Permitted Joint Venture or Koontz-Wagner Custom Control Holdings LLC. Subsidiary Guarantor means each direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower as of the Closing Date and each other direct or indirect Subsidiary that becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 1.12 , in each case other than any Unrestricted Subsidiary. Substitute Lender has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.14(a) . Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. Term Loan has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.1 . Term Loan Commitment means any Closing Date Term Loan Commitment and any Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment. Term Note has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.1 . Term SOFR means, (a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for an interest period of three (3) months for each quarter as determined on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such quarter, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided , however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such interest period has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such interest period as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such interest period was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day; and (b) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for an interest period of one (1) month as determined on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided , however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable interest period has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such interest period as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such interest period was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day. Term SOFR Adjustment means (a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, a percentage equal to 0.26161 per annum, and (b) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan, a percentage equal to 0.11448 per annum. Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 SCHEDULE A - 31 

 Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. Termination Date means the date on which all Obligations under this Agreement are paid in full, in cash (other than contingent obligations not yet due and payable), and Borrower shall have no further right to borrow any moneys or obtain other credit extensions or financial accommodations from the Lenders under this Agreement. Threshold Amount means 500,000. Third Amendment means that certain Third Amendment to this Agreement, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Credit Parties, the Agent and the Lenders party thereto. Third Amendment Effective Date means January 9, 2023. Title IV Plan means a pension plan subject to Title IV of ERISA, other than a Multiemployer Plan, to which any ERISA Affiliate incurs or otherwise has any obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise. Total Leverage Ratio shall mean, at any date of determination, the ratio of Consolidated Indebtedness on such date to Consolidated EBITDA for the trailing twelve (12) Fiscal Month period most recently ended. Trademarks means all of the following now owned or hereafter adopted or acquired by any Person: (i) all trademarks, trade names, corporate names, business names, trade styles, service marks, logos, other source or business identifiers, prints and labels on which any of the foregoing have appeared or appear, designs and general intangibles of like nature (whether registered or unregistered) all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, including all registrations, recordings and applications in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the Canadian Intellectual Property Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any state or territory thereof, or any other country or any political subdivision thereof: (ii) all reissues, extensions or renewals thereof; and (iii) all goodwill associated with or symbolized by any of the foregoing. Transaction Documents means, collectively, the Revolving Loan Documents and the Loan Documents. Transactions means, collectively, the transactions to occur on or prior to the Closing Date pursuant to the Transaction Documents, including (a) the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents and the initial borrowings hereunder; (b) the incurrence of the Indebtedness under the Revolving Loan Agreement; (c) reserved; (d) reserved; (e) the refinancing of all existing Indebtedness on the Closing Date (other than Indebtedness that is permitted under this Agreement); and (f) the payment of all fees and expenses to be paid on or prior to the Closing Date and owing in connection with the foregoing. Transferred Guarantor has the meaning given to such term in Section 11.9 . Unrestricted Subsidiaries means, to the extent not required to be a Guarantor hereunder, each Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary. USA PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56). U.S. Borrower means a Borrower that is a U.S. Person. U.S. Credit Party means a Credit Party that is a U.S. Person. U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the IRC. U.S. Publicly-Traded Entity has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 8(b)(ii)(C) . Voluntary Prepayment has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.2(b) . 
 SCHEDULE A - 32 

 Voting Stock means, with respect to any Person, any class or classes of Equity Interests pursuant to which the holders thereof have the general voting power under ordinary circumstances to elect at least a majority of the Board of Directors of such Person. Wholly Owned Subsidiary means, as to any Person, (a) any corporation 100 of whose capital stock (other than directors qualifying shares) is at the time owned by such Person and/or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person and (b) any partnership, association, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity in which such Person and/or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person have a 100 equity interest at such time. Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Section 4203 and Section 4205 of ERISA. Withholding Agent means Borrower and Agent. Any accounting term used in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents shall have, unless otherwise specifically provided therein, the meaning customarily given such term in accordance with GAAP, and all financial computations thereunder shall be computed, unless otherwise specifically provided therein, in accordance with GAAP consistently applied; provided , that all financial covenants and calculations in the Loan Documents shall be made in accordance with GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date unless Borrower and Agent shall otherwise specifically agree in writing. That certain items or computations are explicitly modified by the phrase in accordance with GAAP shall in no way be construed to limit the foregoing. All other capitalized terms contained in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, but not defined herein or therein, shall, unless the context indicates otherwise, have the meanings provided for by the Code or the PPSA, as the context may require. The words herein, hereof and hereunder or other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole, including the exhibits and schedules thereto, as the same may from time to time be amended, modified or supplemented, and not to any particular section, subsection or clause contained in this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the following additional rules of construction shall apply, unless specifically indicated to the contrary: (a) wherever from the context it appears appropriate, each term stated in either the singular or plural shall include the singular and the plural; (b) the term or is not exclusive; (c) the term including (or any form thereof) shall not be limiting or exclusive; (d) all references to statutes and related regulations shall include any amendments of same and any successor statutes and regulations; and (e) all references to any instruments or agreements, including references to any of the Loan Documents, shall include any and all modifications or amendments thereto and any and all extensions or renewals thereof. Any term defined in this Agreement by reference to the Code shall also have any extended, alternative or analogous meaning given to such term in the PPSA and under other Canadian laws (including, without limitation, the Securities Transfer Act (British Columbia) and the other securities transfer legislation in effect from time to time in any of province or territory of Canada, the Bills of Exchange Act (Canada) and the Depository Bills and Notes Act (Canada)), in all cases for the extension, preservation or betterment of the security and rights of the Agent and the Lenders, (ii) all references in this Agreement to a financing statement, financing change statement, continuation statement, amendment or termination statement shall be deemed to refer also to the analogous documents used under the PPSA, including, without limitation, where applicable, financing change statements and (iii) all references to federal or state securities law of the United States shall be deemed to refer also to analogous federal, provincial and territorial securities laws in Canada. [Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank] 
 SCHEDULE A - 33 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.19>
 5
 wlms-20221231xex10d19.htm
 EX-10.19

Exhibit 10.19 Execution Version THIRD AMENDMENT TO REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT This Third Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement (this Amendment dated as of January 9, 2023 by and among WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company WISG ), WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WISI ), WILLIAMS SPECIALTY SERVICES, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WSS ), WILLIAMS PLANT SERVICES, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WPS ), WILLIAMS GLOBAL SERVICES, INC., a Georgia corporation Global ), CONSTRUCTION MAINTENANCE PROFESSIONALS, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company Construction ), WISG ELECTRICAL, LLC, a New York limited liability company Electrical , and together with Holdings, WISG, WISI, WSS, WPS, Global, and Construction, collectively the Borrowers and each individually a Borrower ), GLOBAL POWER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES INC. a Delaware corporation Power ), GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company GPEG ), STEAM ENTERPRISES LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Steam ), WISG CANADA LTD., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Canada ), WISG NUCLEAR LTD., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Nuclear ), WISG ELECTRICAL LTD., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Electrical , and together with Power, GPEG, Steam, WISG Canada and WISG Nuclear, collectively, the Guarantors and together with the Borrowers, collectively, the Loan Parties and each individually a Loan Party ), the financial institutions set forth on the signature pages hereto (collectively, the Lenders and each individually a Lender and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION PNC ), as agent for Lenders (PNC, in such capacity, the Agent ). BACKGROUND A. The Loan Parties, Agent and Lenders entered into that certain Revolving Credit and Security Agreement dated as of December 16, 2020 (as the same has been and/or may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), pursuant to which Agent and Lenders established certain financing arrangements with the Loan Parties. Capitalized terms used herein but not specifically defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement. B. The Loan Parties have requested that Agent and Lenders make certain amendments to the Credit Agreement, and Agent and Lenders have agreed to such requests on the terms and conditions set forth herein. TERMS AND CONDITIONS NOW, THEREFORE, with the foregoing Background incorporated by reference and made a part hereof and intending to be legally bound, the parties agree as follows: 

 1. Amendments to Credit Agreement . Effective upon the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2 hereof, the Credit Agreement shall be amended as indicated on Annex A attached to this Amendment, with text indicated as strikeouts representing text to be deleted from the Credit Agreement in each applicable provision of the Credit Agreement as shown on such Annex A , and with text indicated as bold and double underlined representing text to be added to the Credit Agreement in each applicable provision of the Credit Agreement as shown on such Annex A . 2. Effectiveness Conditions . This Amendment shall become effective on the first date that all of the following conditions have been fully satisfied by the Loan Parties in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent or waived by Agent in writing (such date, the Effective Date ): a. Execution and delivery of this Amendment by each party hereto; b. Agent shall have received final executed copies of the an amendment to the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents (the EICF/CION Term Loan Amendment ), which such amendment shall include a consent to the Loan Parties and Agent entering into this Amendment; c. Agent shall have received final executed copies of Wynnefield Loan Documents in form and substance acceptable to Agent, all of which shall be in effect on the Effective Date, and the transactions contemplated by Wynnefield Loan Documents shall be consummated on the Effective Date including, without limitation, the receipt by Holdings of the proceeds of the Wynnefield Indebtedness in the amount of 750,000, which amount shall be remitted to Agent for the payment of the outstanding principal amount of the outstanding Revolving Advances; d. Agent shall have received a Subordination Agreement executed by the Wynnefield Lenders in favor of Agent and Lenders; e. Since December 31, 2021, there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Effect; and f. No Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing. 3. Consent to EICF/CION Term Loan Amendment . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 10.4 of the Intercreditor Agreement or the Credit Agreement, Agent hereby consents to the EICF/CION Term Loan Agent, the EICF/CION Term Loan Lenders and the Loan Parties entering into, and performing their obligations under, the EICF/CION Term Loan Amendment. 4. Representations, Warranties and Reaffirmation . Each Loan Party hereby: a. reaffirms all representations and warranties made to Agent and Lenders under the Credit Agreement and all of the Other Documents and confirms that, after giving effect to this Amendment, all such representations and warranties are true and correct in all material 
 2 

 respects as of the date hereof (except to the extent any such representations and warranties specifically relate to a specific date, in which case such representations and warranties were true and correct in all material respects on and as of such other specific date); b. reaffirms all of the covenants contained in the Credit Agreement and all of the Other Documents; c. represents and warrants to the Agent and the Lenders that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under the Credit Agreement or any of the Other Documents or would exist after giving effect to this Amendment, the EICF/CION Term Loan Amendment, the Wynnefield Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby; d. represents and warrants that such Loan Party has the requisite authority and legal right to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Amendment and the other documents to be executed by it in connection herewith (this Amendment and such other documents, collectively, the Amendment Documents ), that such actions were duly authorized by all necessary limited liability company or corporate action of such Loan Party, as applicable, and that the officers executing the Amendment Documents on such Loan Party s behalf were similarly authorized and empowered, and that the Amendment Documents do not contravene any provisions of such Loan Party s certificate of incorporation or formation, operating agreement, bylaws, or other formation documents, as applicable, or of any Material Contract to which it is a party or by which any of its properties are bound; and e. represents and warrants that each Amendment Document is valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally. 5. Amendment Fee . The Loan Parties shall pay to Agent, in cash, for its sole and separate account and not the account of any Lender, a non-refundable amendment fee of 300,000 (the Amendment Fee ), which fee shall be fully earned on the date hereof and due and payable upon the earliest to occur of (i) Payment in Full of the Obligations and (ii) June 30, 2023. The Amendment Fee shall not be subject to rebate or proration upon termination of the Credit Agreement for any reason. 6. Wynnefield Indebtedness . Notwithstanding anything the contrary set forth herein or in any other Loan Document, (a) the receipt of the Wynnefield Indebtedness will not result in a permanent reduction of Revolving Commitment, and (b) Agent shall not establish any Reserves against the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount or the Formula Amount solely with respect to the proceeds of the Wynnefield Indebtedness. 7. Payment of Expenses . The Loan Parties shall pay or reimburse Agent and Lenders for its/their reasonable out-of-pocket attorneys fees and expenses in connection with the preparation, negotiation and execution of this Amendment in accordance with Section 16.9 of the Credit Agreement. 
 3 

 8. Reaffirmation of Credit Agreement . Except as modified by the terms hereof, all of the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement and all of the Other Documents (i) are hereby reaffirmed and (ii) shall continue in full force and effect as therein written. 9. Miscellaneous . a. Third Party Rights . No rights are intended to be created hereunder for the benefit of any third party donee, creditor, or incidental beneficiary. b. Other Document . This Amendment is an Other Document as defined in the Credit Agreement and all of the terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement relating to Other Documents shall apply hereto. c. Captions . The captions at various places in this Amendment are intended for convenience only and do not constitute and shall not be interpreted as part of this Amendment. d. Governing Law . This Amendment and all matters relating hereto or arising herefrom (whether arising under contract law, tort law or otherwise) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. e. Severability . If any part of this Amendment is contrary to, prohibited by, or deemed invalid under Applicable Laws, such provision shall be inapplicable and deemed omitted to the extent so contrary, prohibited or invalid, but the remainder hereof shall not be invalidated thereby and shall be given effect so far as possible. f. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, all of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall constitute one and the same agreement. Any signature delivered by a party by facsimile or electronic transmission (including email transmission of a PDF image) shall be deemed to be an original signature hereto. g. Successors and Assigns . This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and its respective successors and assigns. h. Modifications . No modification hereof or any agreement referred to herein shall be binding or enforceable unless in writing and signed on behalf of the party against whom enforcement is sought. [Signature Pages Follow] 
 4 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has signed this Amendment as of the day and year first above written. 

BORROWERS: WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Senior Vice President WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP, L.L.C. WILLIAMS GLOBAL SERVICES, INC. CONSTRUCTION MAINTENANCE PROFESSIONALS, LLC WISG ELECTRICAL, LLC By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES, LLC WILLIAMS SPECIALTY SERVICES, LLC WILLIAMS PLANT SERVICES, LLC By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Assistant Secretary 
 Signature Page to Third Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

GUARANTORS: WISG CANADA LTD. By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary WISG NUCLEAR LTD. WISG ELECTRICAL LTD. By: /s/ Damien A. Vassall Name: Damien A. Vassall Title: Chief Financial Officer GLOBAL POWER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES INC. STEAM ENTERPRISES LLC By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: President GPEG, LLC By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Vice President 
 Signature Page to Third Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

GUARANTORS: WISG CANADA LTD. By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary WISG NUCLEAR LTD. WISG ELECTRICAL LTD. By: /s/ Damien A. Vassall Name: Damien A. Vassall Title: Chief Financial Officer GLOBAL POWER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES INC. STEAM ENTERPRISES LLC By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: President GPEG, LLC By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Vice President 
 Signature Page to Third Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

AGENT AND LENDER: PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By: /s/ Rahum N. Williams Name: Rahum N. Williams Title: Senior Vice President 
 Signature Page to Third Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

Conformed Through Second Annex A to Third Amendment Final Version 

REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (AS AGENT) 

THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO (AS LENDERS) WITH 

WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP, L.L.C. WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES, LLC WILLIAMS SPECIALTY SERVICES, LLC WILLIAMS PLANT SERVICES, LLC WILLIAMS GLOBAL SERVICES, INC. CONSTRUCTION MAINTENANCE PROFESSIONALS, LLC WISG ELECTRICAL, LLC (AS BORROWERS) AND GLOBAL POWER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES INC. GPEG, LLC STEAM ENTERPRISES LLC WISG CANADA LTD. WISG NUCLEAR LTD. WISG ELECTRICAL LTD. (AS GUARANTORS) 

December 16, 2020 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

I. DEFINITIONS. 1 1.1. Accounting Terms. 1 1.2. General Terms. 2 1.3. Uniform Commercial Code / PPSA Terms. 54 1.4. Certain Matters of Construction. 55 1.5. Currency Matters. 56 1.6. Excess Resulting from Exchange Rate Change. 56 1.7. Canadian Terms. 56 1.8. Conversion of Assets. 57 1.9. Term SOFR Notification. 57 1.10. CDOR Notification. 57 1.11. Conforming Changes Relating to Term SOFR Rate. 57 II. ADVANCES, PAYMENTS. 57 2.1. Revolving Advances. 57 2.2. Procedures for Requesting Revolving Advances; Procedures for Selection of Applicable Interest Rates for All Advances. 59 2.3. [Reserved]. 61 2.4. Swing Loans. 62 2.5. Disbursement of Advance Proceeds. 63 2.6. Making and Settlement of Advances. 63 2.7. Maximum Advances. 65 2.8. Manner and Repayment of Advances. 65 2.9. Repayment of Excess Advances. 66 2.10. Statement of Account. 66 2.11. Letters of Credit. 66 2.12. Issuance of Letters of Credit. 67 2.13. Requirements For Issuance of Letters of Credit. 68 2.14. Disbursements, Reimbursement. 68 2.15. Repayment of Participation Advances. 70 2.16. Documentation. 70 2.17. Determination to Honor Drawing Request. 70 2.18. Nature of Participation and Reimbursement Obligations. 71 2.19. Liability for Acts and Omissions. 72 2.20. Mandatory Prepayments. Subject in each case to the Intercreditor Agreement: 73 2.21. Use of Proceeds. 75 2.22. Defaulting Lender. 75 2.23. Payment of Obligations. 77 III. INTEREST AND FEES. 78 3.1. Interest. 78 3.2. Letter of Credit Fees; Cash Collateral. 78 3.3. Unused Line Fee. 80 
 
 i 

3.4. Fee Letter. 80 3.5. Computation of Interest and Fees. 80 3.6. Maximum Charges. 81 3.7. Increased Costs. 81 3.8. Alternate Rate of Interest; Interest Rate Inadequate or Unfair. 82 3.9. Capital Adequacy. 90 3.10. Taxes. 90 3.11. Replacement of Lenders. 94 IV. COLLATERAL: GENERAL TERMS. 95 4.1. Security Interest in the Collateral. 95 4.2. Perfection of Security Interest. 95 4.3. Preservation of Collateral. 96 4.4. Ownership and Location of Collateral. 96 4.5. Defense of Agent s and Lenders Interests. 97 4.6. Inspection of Premises. 97 4.7. Appraisals. 98 4.8. Receivables; Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts. 98 4.9. Inventory. 102 4.10. Maintenance of Equipment. 102 4.11. Exculpation of Liability. 102 4.12. Financing Statements. 102 4.13. Investment Property Collateral. 102 4.14. Provisions Regarding Certain Investment Property Collateral. 103 V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. 103 5.1. Authority. 103 5.2. Formation and Qualification. 104 5.3. Survival of Representations and Warranties. 104 5.4. Tax Returns. 104 5.5. Financial Statements. 105 5.6. Entity Names. 106 5.7. O.S.H.A. Environmental Compliance; Flood Insurance. 106 5.8. Solvency; No Litigation, Violation, Indebtedness or Default; ERISA Compliance. 107 5.9. Intellectual Property. 109 5.10. Licenses and Permits. 109 5.11. Default of Indebtedness. 109 5.12. No Default. 109 5.13. No Burdensome Restrictions. 110 5.14. No Labor Disputes. 110 5.15. Margin Regulations. 110 5.16. Investment Company Act. 110 5.17. Swaps. 110 5.18. Business and Property of the Loan Parties. 110 5.19. Ineligible Securities. 110 5.20. Federal Securities Laws. 110 
 
 ii 

5.21. Equity Interests. 111 5.22. Commercial Tort Claims. 111 5.23. Letter of Credit Rights. 111 5.24. Material Contracts. 111 5.25. Investment Property Collateral. 111 5.26. EICF/CION Term Loan Documents. 111 5.27. Certificate of Beneficial Ownership. 112 5.28. Disclosure. 112 5.29. Braden Holdings. 112 VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. 112 6.1. Compliance with Laws. 112 6.2. Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence and Assets. 112 6.3. Books and Records. 113 6.4. Payment of Taxes. 113 6.5. Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio Financial Covenants. 113 6.6. Insurance. 113 6.7. Payment of Indebtedness and Leasehold Obligations. 114 6.8. Environmental Matters. 115 6.9. Standards of Financial Statements. 116 6.10. Federal Securities Laws. 116 6.11. Execution of Supplemental Instruments. 116 6.12. Government Receivables. 116 6.13. Keepwell. 116 6.14. Certificate of Beneficial Ownership and Other Additional Information. 117 6.15. Canadian Pension Plans. 117 6.16. Post-Closing Covenants. 117 6.17. Standing Transfer Order. 118 6.18. Motor Vehicles. 118 VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS. 119 7.1. Merger, Consolidation, Acquisition and Sale of Assets. 119 7.2. Creation of Liens. 120 7.3. Guarantees. 120 7.4. Investments. 120 7.5. Loans. 120 7.6. Capital Expenditures. 120 7.7. Dividends and Distributions. 121 7.8. Indebtedness. 121 7.9. Nature of Business. 121 7.10. Transactions with Affiliates. 122 7.11. Permitted Joint Ventures. 122 7.12. Subsidiaries. 122 7.13. Fiscal Year and Accounting Changes. 123 7.14. Pledge of Credit. 123 7.15. Amendment of Organizational Documents. 123 7.16. Compliance with ERISA. 124 
 
 iii 

7.17. Prepayment of Indebtedness. 125 7.18. EICF/CION Term Loan. 125 7.19. Other Agreements. 126 7.20. Locations. 126 7.21. Canadian Loan Party Bank Accounts. 126 7.22. Canadian Loan Parties. 127 7.23. Inactive Subsidiaries. 127 7.24. Capital Provision Agreement. 127 7.25. Term Loan Priority Collateral Account. 127 VIII. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT. 127 8.1. Conditions to Initial Advances. 127 8.2. Conditions to Each Advance. 131 IX. INFORMATION AS TO THE LOAN PARTIES. 131 9.1. Disclosure of Material Matters. 131 9.2. Schedules. 132 9.3. Environmental Reports. 132 9.4. Litigation. 133 9.5. Material Occurrences. 133 9.6. Government Receivables. 133 9.7. Annual Financial Statements. 134 9.8. Quarterly Financial Statements. 134 9.9. Monthly Financial Statements. 134 9.10. Other Reports. 134 9.11. Additional Information. 134 9.12. Projected Operating Budget. 135 9.13. Variances From Operating Budget; Management Discussion and Analysis Reports. 135 9.14. Notice of Suits, Adverse Events. 135 9.15. ERISA Notices and Requests. 135 9.16. Additional Documents. 136 9.17. Updates to Certain Schedules. 136 9.18. Financial Disclosure. 137 X. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. 137 10.1. Nonpayment. 137 10.2. Breach of Representation. 137 10.3. Financial Information. 137 10.4. Judicial Actions. 138 10.5. Noncompliance. 138 10.6. Judgments. 138 10.7. Bankruptcy. 138 10.8. [Reserved]; 138 10.9. Lien Priority. 138 10.10. EICF/CION Term Loan Default. 139 10.11. Cross Default. 139 
 
 iv 

10.12. Breach of Guaranty, Guarantor Security Agreement or Pledge Agreement. 139 10.13. Change of Control. 139 10.14. Invalidity. 139 10.15. Seizures. 139 10.16. [Reserved]; 139 10.17. Pension Plans. 139 10.18. Anti-Terrorism Laws. 140 XI. LENDERS RIGHTS AND REMEDIES AFTER DEFAULT. 140 11.1. Rights and Remedies. 140 11.2. Agent s Discretion. 142 11.3. Setoff. 143 11.4. Appointment of a Receiver. 143 11.5. Rights and Remedies not Exclusive. 144 11.6. Allocation of Payments After Event of Default. 144 XII. WAIVERS AND JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS. 145 12.1. Waiver of Notice. 145 12.2. Delay. 145 12.3. Jury Waiver. 145 XIII. EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERMINATION. 146 13.1. Term. 146 13.2. Termination. 146 XIV. REGARDING AGENT. 146 14.1. Appointment. 146 14.2. Nature of Duties. 147 14.3. Lack of Reliance on Agent. 147 14.4. Resignation of Agent; Successor Agent. 148 14.5. Certain Rights of Agent. 148 14.6. Reliance. 148 14.7. Notice of Default. 149 14.8. Indemnification. 149 14.9. Agent in its Individual Capacity. 149 14.10. Delivery of Documents. 149 14.11. Loan Parties Undertaking to Agent. 149 14.12. No Reliance on Agent s Customer Identification Program. 150 14.13. Other Agreements. 150 XV. BORROWING AGENCY. 150 15.1. Borrowing Agency Provisions. 150 15.2. Waiver of Subrogation. 151 XVI. MISCELLANEOUS. 151 16.1. Governing Law. 151 16.2. Entire Understanding. 152 
 
 v 

16.3. Successors and Assigns; Participations; New Lenders. 155 16.4. Application of Payments. 157 16.5. Indemnity. 157 16.6. Notice. 158 16.7. Survival. 160 16.8. Severability. 160 16.9. Expenses. 160 16.10. Injunctive Relief. 161 16.11. Consequential Damages. 161 16.12. Captions. 161 16.13. Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures. 161 16.14. Construction. 161 16.15. Confidentiality; Sharing Information. 161 16.16. Publicity. 162 16.17. Certifications From Banks and Participants; USA PATRIOT Act. 162 16.18. Anti-Terrorism Laws. 163 16.19. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. 163 16.20. Currency Indemnity. 164 XVII. GUARANTY. 164 17.1. Guaranty. 164 17.2. Waivers. 165 17.3. No Defense. 165 17.4. Guaranty of Payment. 165 17.5. Liabilities Absolute. 165 17.6. Waiver of Notice. 166 17.7. Agent s Discretion. 167 17.8. Reinstatement. 167 
 
 vi 

 LIST OF EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES Exhibits Exhibit 1.2(a) Form of Borrowing Base Certificate Exhibit 1.2(b) Form of Compliance Certificate Exhibit 2.1 Form of Revolving Credit Note Exhibit 2.4 Form of Swing Loan Note Exhibit 3.10 Forms of US Tax Compliance Certificates Exhibit 8.1(d) Form of Financial Condition Certificate Exhibit 16.3 Form of Commitment Transfer Supplement 
 Schedules Schedule 1.1 Commitments Schedule 1.2 Permitted Encumbrances Schedule 1.3 Existing Letters of Credit Schedule 2 Capital Providers Arbitration Proceeding Schedule 4.4(b)(i) Equipment and Inventory Locations Schedule 4.4(b)(ii) Equipment and Inventory Locations Warehouses Schedule 4.4(b)(iii) (A) Places of Business and (B) Chief Executive Offices Schedule 4.4(b)(iv) Owned or Leased Real Property Schedule 4.8(j) Deposit and Investment Accounts Schedule 5.1 Consents Schedule 5.2(a) States of Qualification and Good Standing Schedule 5.2(b) Subsidiaries Schedule 5.4 Federal Tax Identification Number Schedule 5.6 Prior Names Schedule 5.7 Environmental Schedule 5.8(b) Litigation Schedule 5.8(c) Indebtedness Schedule 5.8(e) Plans Schedule 5.8(f) Canadian Plans Schedule 5.9 Intellectual Property Schedule 5.10 Licenses and Permits Schedule 5.14 Labor Disputes Schedule 5.21 Equity Interests Schedule 5.22 Commercial Tort Claims Schedule 5.23 Letter of Credit Rights Schedule 5.24 Material Contracts Schedule 7.3 Guarantees Schedule 7.11 Permitted Joint Ventures 
 
 vii 

 REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2020, by and among WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company WISG ), WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WISI ), WILLIAMS SPECIALTY SERVICES, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WSS ), WILLIAMS PLANT SERVICES, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WPS ), WILLIAMS GLOBAL SERVICES, INC., a Georgia corporation Global ), CONSTRUCTION MAINTENANCE PROFESSIONALS, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company Construction ), WISG ELECTRICAL, LLC, a New York limited liability company Electrical , and together with Holdings, WISG, WISI, WSS, WPS, Global, Construction, and each Person joined hereto as a Borrower from time to time, and all of their permitted successors and assigns, each, a Borrower and collectively, the Borrowers ), GLOBAL POWER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES INC. a Delaware corporation Power ), GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company GPEG ), STEAM ENTERPRISES LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Steam ), WISG CANADA LTD., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Canada ), WISG NUCLEAR LTD., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Nuclear ), WISG ELECTRICAL LTD., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Electrical , and together with Power, GPEG, Steam, WISG Canada, WISG Nuclear and each Person joined hereto as a Guarantor from time to time, and all of their permitted successors and assigns, each, a Guarantor and collectively, the Guarantors , and together with the Borrowers, collectively the Loan Parties and each a Loan Party ), the financial institutions which are now or which hereafter become a party hereto (together with their respective successors and assigns, collectively, the Lenders and each individually a Lender ), and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION PNC ), in its capacity as agent for Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Agent ). IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants and undertakings set forth herein, the Loan Parties, Lenders and Agent hereby agree as follows: I. DEFINITIONS. 1.1. Accounting Terms . As used in this Agreement, the Other Documents or any certificate, report or other document made or delivered pursuant to this Agreement, accounting terms not defined in Section 1.2 hereof or elsewhere in this Agreement and accounting terms partly defined in Section 1.2 hereof to the extent not defined shall have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP; provided, however that, whenever such accounting terms are used for the purposes of determining compliance with financial covenants in this Agreement, such accounting terms shall be defined in accordance with GAAP as applied in preparation of the audited financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. If there occurs after the Closing Date any change in GAAP that affects in any respect the calculation of any covenant set forth in this Agreement or the definition of any term defined under GAAP used in such calculations, Agent, Lenders and the Loan Parties shall negotiate in 

good faith to amend the provisions of this Agreement that relate to the calculation of such covenants with the intent of having the respective positions of Agent, Lenders and the Loan Parties after such change in GAAP conform as nearly as possible to their respective positions as of the Closing Date, provided, that, until any such amendments have been agreed upon, the covenants in this Agreement shall be calculated as if no such change in GAAP had occurred and the Loan Parties shall provide additional financial statements or supplements thereto, attachments to Compliance Certificates and/or calculations regarding financial covenants as Agent may require in order to provide the appropriate financial information required hereunder with respect to the Loan Parties both reflecting any applicable changes in GAAP and as necessary to demonstrate compliance with the financial covenants before giving effect to the applicable changes in GAAP. 1.2. General Terms . For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: Activation Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.8(k) hereof. Administrative Questionnaire shall mean the administrative questionnaire in a form supplied by Agent to be completed by each Lender. Adjusted EBITDA shall mean for any Person for any period of determination, the sum of (a) EBITDA, plus (i) all amounts properly attributable to non-cash items for such period, including any non-cash write-downs or non-cash write-offs including fixed asset impairments or write-downs, intangible asset impairments and deferred tax asset write-offs (except to the extent that such non-cash charges are reserved for cash charges to be taken in the future) of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period, excluding, however, any non-cash write-down or non-cash write-offs of accounts receivable plus ii) any extraordinary losses and unusual or non-recurring charges, including, without limitation, any severance, integration, facilities closing or relocation costs and curtailments or modifications to pension and post retirement employee benefit plans in an aggregate amount not to exceed 500,000 in any fiscal year, plus iii any exit costs or withdrawal liability incurred as a result of the Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings of Koontz-Wagner; provided that such amounts shall not exceed 1,000,000 in the aggregate, plus iv) [reserved], plus (v non-cash expenses recognized due to purchase accounting, plus vi any non-cash losses attributable to foreign currency translation or exchange, plus vii one-time, non-recurring customary and documented costs and expenses deducted from Net Income during such period in connection with (A) the consummation of the Transaction and the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Other Documents, and (B) the negotiation, execution and delivery of the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereunder, in an aggregate amount with respect to clauses (A) and (B) not to exceed 3,450,000, plus viii non-recurring losses and expenses incurred in connection with projects executed by Jacksonville, Florida management of the Loan Parties, one-time costs and expenses incurred in connection with the transmission and distribution business segment start-up, non-recurring costs and expenses arising out of the implementation of an ERP system, non-recurring costs and expenses arising out of pro forma headcount reductions implemented by the Loan Parties, and non-recurring costs and expenses arising out of the Champion/Powers litigation, in an aggregate amount not to exceed, (A) with respect to the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2022, 3,706,445 , (B) with respect to the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2022, 
 2 

 2,521,379 , (C) with respect to the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2022, 5,000,000, and (D) with respect to the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2022, 6,900,000, minus (b) without duplication and to the extent included in determining such Net Income of such Person, any non-cash additions to such Net Income of such Person for such period (other than the accrual of revenue or recording of receivables in the Ordinary Course of Business), minus, (c) any gains attributable to foreign currency translation or exchange, minus (d) without duplication and to the extent included in determining such Net Income, any extraordinary or non-recurring non-cash gains (or plus extraordinary non-cash losses) for such period and any gains (or plus losses) realized in connection with any Disposition by Holdings and its Subsidiaries during such period, all determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Advance Rates shall mean the advance rates in respect of Eligible Canadian Receivables, Eligible Receivables, Eligible JV Receivables, and Eligible Unbilled Receivables set forth in Section 2.1(a) hereof. Advances shall mean and include the Revolving Advances, Letters of Credit, and the Swing Loans. Affected Financial Institution shall mean (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. Affected Lender shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.11 hereof. Affiliate of any Person shall mean (a) any Person which, directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control with such Person, or (b) any Person who is a director, manager, member, managing member, general partner or officer (i) of such Person, (ii) of any Subsidiary of such Person or (iii) of any Person described in clause (a) above. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the power, direct or indirect, (x) to vote five percent (5 or more of the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or other Persons performing similar functions for any such Person, or (y) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by ownership of Equity Interests, contract or otherwise. Agent shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors and assigns. Agreement shall mean this Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, restated or replaced from time to time. Alternate Canadian Base Rate shall mean, for any day, a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the higher of (i) the interest rate per annum established from time to time by Agent (or its Affiliates) at its Toronto, Canada office as its reference rate for prime rate of interest loans in Canadian Dollars in Canada to its Canadian borrowers, in effect on such date and (ii) the sum of the one month CDOR Rate in effect on such day plus one percent (1.0 ). Any change in the Alternate Canadian Base Rate (or any component thereof) shall take effect at the opening of business on the day such change occurs. 
 3 

 Alternate Base Rate shall mean, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Base Rate in effect on such day, (b) the sum of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day plus one half of one percent (0.5 ), and (c) the sum of Daily Simple SOFR in effect on such day plus one percent (1.0 ), so long as Daily Simple SOFR is offered, ascertainable and not unlawful; provided, however, if the Alternate Base Rate as determined above would be less than zero, then such rate shall be deemed to be zero. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate (or any component thereof) shall take effect at the opening of business on the day such change occurs. Alternate Source shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Overnight Bank Funding Rate . Anti-Terrorism Laws shall mean any Laws relating to terrorism, trade sanctions programs and embargoes, import/export licensing, money laundering or bribery, and any regulation, order, or directive promulgated, issued or enforced pursuant to such Laws, including the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada), all as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. Applicable Law shall mean all Laws applicable to the Person, conduct, transaction, covenant, Other Document or contract in question, all provisions of all applicable state, province, federal and foreign constitutions, statutes, rules, regulations, treaties, directives and orders of any Governmental Body, and all orders, judgments and decrees of all courts and arbitrators. Applicable Margin shall mean (a) an amount equal to one three and one quarter percent 1 3 .25 for (i) Revolving Advances consisting of Domestic Rate Loans and (ii) Swing Loans, (b) an amount equal to two four and one quarter percent 2 4 .25 for Revolving Advances consisting of Term SOFR Rate Loans and CDOR Rate Loans. Application Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(b) hereof. Approvals shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.7(b) hereof. Approved Electronic Communication shall mean each notice, demand, communication, information, document and other material transmitted, posted or otherwise made or communicated by e-mail, e-fax, the Credit Management Module of PNC s PINACLE system, or any other equivalent electronic service agreed to by Agent, whether owned, operated or hosted by Agent, any Lender, any of their Affiliates or any other Person, that any party is obligated to, or otherwise chooses to, provide to Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any Other Document, including any financial statement, financial and other report, notice, request, certificate and other information material; provided that Approved Electronic Communications shall not include any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material that Agent specifically instructs a Person to deliver in physical form. Arbitration Proceeding shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Capital Provision Agreement . 
 4 

 Arbitration Recovery shall mean, collectively, (a) any and all amounts paid or payable to Holdings in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding, whether pursuant to an arbitration award, settlement of the Arbitration Proceeding or otherwise, (b) Holdings rights in and to the foregoing, and (c) the proceeds of the foregoing other than the Arbitration Recovery Net Cash Proceeds. Arbitration Recovery Net Cash Proceeds shall mean the gross cash proceeds of the Recovery, less any and all amounts payable in cash by Holdings to the Capital Providers in connection with litigation financing provided by the Capital Providers to Holdings in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding, including all obligations owing by Holdings to the Capital Providers from the Recovery pursuant to the Capital Provision Agreement, and less all of the Capital Providers out-of-pocket costs, fees and expenses incurred or payable by Holdings in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding, including, without limitation, all expert and legal costs and disbursements incurred or made by Holdings in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding. Bail-In Action shall mean the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation shall mean (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Bail-In Legislation Schedule shall mean the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. Base Rate shall mean the base commercial lending rate of PNC as publicly announced to be in effect from time to time, such rate to be adjusted automatically, without notice, on the effective date of any change in such rate. This rate of interest is determined from time to time by PNC as a means of pricing some loans denominated in U.S. Dollars to its customers and is neither tied to any external rate of interest or index nor does it necessarily reflect the lowest rate of interest actually charged by PNC to any particular class or category of customers of PNC. Beneficial Owner shall mean, for each Loan Party (other than Holdings), each of the following: (a) each individual, if any, who, directly or indirectly, owns 25 or more of such Loan Party s Equity Interests; and (b) a single individual with significant responsibility to control, manage, or direct such Loan Party. Benefited Lender shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(e) hereof. 
 5 

 Blocked Account Bank shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.8(h) hereof. Blocked Accounts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.8(h) hereof. Borrower or Borrowers shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include their respective successors and permitted assigns. Borrowers Account shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.10 hereof. Borrowing Agent shall mean Holdings. Borrowing Base Certificate shall mean a certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit 1.2(a) hereto duly executed by the President, Chief Financial Officer or Controller of Borrowing Agent and delivered to Agent, appropriately completed, by which such officer shall certify to Agent the Formula Amount and calculation thereof as of the date of such certificate. Braden shall mean Braden Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Braden Mexico shall mean Braden Manufacturing SA de CV, a company formed under the laws of Mexico. Business Day shall mean any day other than Saturday or Sunday or a legal holiday on which commercial banks are authorized or required by Law to be closed for business in East Brunswick, New Jersey; provided that when used in connection with an amount that bears interest at a rate based on SOFR or any direct or indirect calculation or determination of SOFR, the Business Day means any such day that is also a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and if the applicable Business Day relates to a Canadian Base Rate Loan or a CDOR Rate Loan, such day must also be a day on which Canadian chartered banks are not required to close in Toronto, Ontario Canada. Canadian Base Rate Loans shall mean Advances that bear interest based upon the Alternate Canadian Base Rate. Canadian Benefit Plans shall mean any plan, fund, program, or policy, whether or not written, formal or informal, funded or unfunded, insured or uninsured, providing benefits including medical, hospital care, dental, sickness, accident, disability, life insurance, pension, retirement or savings benefits under which any Loan Party has any liability with respect to any employees or former employees, arising from employment in Canada, but excluding any Canadian Pension Plan and any Canadian Union Plan. Canadian Cash Dominion Period shall mean each period (a) commencing on any day on which either (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or (ii) Agent provides notice to Borrowing Agent stating that, on the day such notice is provided, a Canadian Cash Dominion Period shall commence, and (b) ending (if applicable) (i) if the Canadian Cash Dominion Period shall have occurred as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, on the day on which such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by Agent in accordance with this Agreement, or (ii) if the Canadian Cash Dominion Period shall have occurred as a result of the occurrence of an event described in clause (a)(ii) above, Agent provides notice to 
 6 

 Borrowers stating that, on the following Business Day, the Canadian Cash Dominion Period shall end. Canadian Dollar and the sign CA shall mean lawful money of Canada. Canadian Dollar Sublimit shall mean 5,000,000. Canadian Funding Account shall mean a deposit account of Borrowing Agent established for the purpose of receiving proceeds of Advances made in Canadian Dollars. Canadian Loan Parties shall mean WISG Canada, WISG Nuclear, WISG Electrical and each other Loan Party joined hereto from time to time who is formed in Canada or a province or territory of Canada. Canadian Loan Party Bank Account means, any bank account maintained by a Canadian Loan Party in the Ordinary Course of Business. Canadian Pension Event shall mean (a) the termination or wind-up in whole or in part of any Canadian Pension Plan or the institution of proceedings by any Governmental Body to terminate or wind-up in whole or in part or have a trustee or a replacement administrator appointed to administer a Canadian Pension Plan, (b) the occurrence of an event under the Income Tax Act (Canada) that could reasonably be expected to affect the registered status of any Canadian Pension Plan, (c) the taking of any action with respect to any Canadian Pension Plan which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (d) receipt by a Loan Party of any order or notice of intention to issue an order from the applicable pension standards regulator or similar Governmental Body that could reasonably be expected to affect the registered status or cause the termination or wind-up (in whole or in part) of any Canadian Pension Plan, (e) the receipt of notice by the administrator or the funding agent of any failure to remit contributions to a Canadian Pension Plan, (f) the adoption of any amendment to a Canadian Pension Plan that would require the provision of security pursuant to Applicable Law, or (g) any other extraordinary event or condition with respect to a Canadian Pension Plan that could reasonably be expected to result in a Lien or any acceleration of any statutory requirements to fund all or a substantial portion of the unfunded liabilities of such plan. Canadian Pension Plans shall mean a pension plan that is a registered pension plan as defined in subsection 248(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada) and which is maintained or contributed to by, or to which there is or may be an obligation to contribute by any Borrower in respect of its employees or former employees, arising from employment in Canada, but does not include the Canada Pension Plan or the Quebec Pension Plan as maintained by the Government of Canada or the Province of Quebec and does not include any Canadian Union Plans. Canadian Security Agreements shall mean and include any security documents executed and/or delivered to Agent by any Loan Party organized under the laws of a province of Canada. Canadian Union Plans means any and all pension and other benefit plans for the benefit of employees or former employees, arising from employment in Canada, of any Loan Party that are not maintained, sponsored or administered solely by such Loan Party, but to which such Loan 
 7 

 Party is or was required to contribute pursuant to a collective agreement or participation agreement. Capital Expenditures shall mean expenditures made or Indebtedness incurred for the acquisition of any fixed assets or improvements (or of any replacements or substitutions thereof or additions thereto) which have a useful life of more than one year and which, in accordance with GAAP, would be classified as capital expenditures. Capital Expenditures for any period shall include the total principal portion of Capitalized Lease Obligations paid in such period. Capital Provision Agreement means, collectively, (a) that certain Capital Provision Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2020, by and between Holdings and the capital providers thereunder identified on Schedule 2 hereto (the Capital Providers ), pursuant to which the Capital Providers have agreed to extend financing for certain legal proceedings described on Schedule 2 hereto (the Arbitration Proceeding and (b) that certain Security Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2020, by and between Holdings, as grantor and the Capital Providers, as secured parties, as each such agreement may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof. Capitalized Lease Obligation shall mean any Indebtedness of any Loan Party represented by obligations under a lease that is required to be capitalized for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Captive Insurance Subsidiary shall mean a wholly-owned Subsidiary of a Loan Party formed after the Closing Date that (a) provides bona fide risk-mitigation services for any Loan Party or the Loan Parties (and no other Persons), (b) is subject to regulation under Applicable Law as an insurance company, and (c) has been formed, and continues to be operated, because the Loan Parties have reasonably determined that either (i) the Loan Parties cannot find a third-party insurer to insure them against particular business risks that the insurance subsidiary provides insurance for, (ii) the premiums paid to the insurance subsidiary result in material tax savings for the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, and/or (iii) the insurance provided by the insurance subsidiary is more affordable, and/or offers better coverage (taken as a whole), than is available from a third-party insurer. Cash Equivalents shall mean (a) marketable direct obligations issued by, or unconditionally guaranteed by, the federal government of Canada or any agency thereof or the United States or any agency thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof, (b) marketable direct obligations issued or fully guaranteed by any state of the United States or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof or any province of Canada or maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof and, at the time of acquisition, having one of the two highest ratings obtainable from either S P or Moody s, (c) commercial paper maturing no more than 270 days from the date of creation thereof and, at the time of acquisition, having a rating of at least A-1 from S P or at least P-1 from Moody s, (d) certificates of deposit, time deposits, overnight bank deposits or bankers acceptances maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof issued by any bank organized under the laws of Canada or the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia or any Canadian or United States branch of a foreign bank having at the date of acquisition thereof combined 
 8 

 capital and surplus of not less than 500,000,000, (e) deposit accounts maintained with (i) any bank that satisfies the criteria described in clause (d) above, or (ii) any other bank organized under the laws of Canadian or the United States or any state thereof so long as the full amount maintained with any such other bank is insured by Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation or, as the case may be, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, (f) repurchase obligations of any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (d) of this definition or recognized securities dealer having combined capital and surplus of not less than 500,000,000, having a term of not more than seven days, with respect to securities satisfying the criteria in clauses (a) or (d) above, (g) debt securities with maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any commercial bank satisfying the criteria described in clause (d) above, and (h) Investments in money market funds substantially all of whose assets are invested in the types of assets described in clauses (a) through (g) above. Cash Management Obligations shall mean the Indebtedness of any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries to the provider of any Cash Management Products and Services (including all Indebtedness owing to such provider in respect of any returned items deposited with such provider). For purposes of this Agreement and all of the Other Documents, all Cash Management Obligations of any Loan Party owing to any of the Secured Parties shall be Obligations hereunder and under the Other Documents, and the Liens securing such Cash Management Obligations shall be pari passu with the Liens securing all other Obligations under this Agreement and the Other Documents, subject to the express provisions of Section 11.6 hereof. Cash Management Products and Services shall mean agreements or other arrangements under which Agent, any Lender or any Affiliate of Agent or any Lender provides or arranges for and provides credit support for the provision of any of the following products or services to any Loan Party: (a) credit cards; (b) credit card processing services; (c) debit cards and stored value cards; (d) commercial cards; (e) ACH transactions; and (f) cash management and treasury management services and products, including without limitation controlled disbursement accounts or services, lockboxes, blocked accounts, automated clearinghouse transactions, overdrafts and interstate depository network services. CDOR Rate shall mean, on any day and for any period, an annual rate of interest equal to the rate applicable to Canadian Dollar bankers acceptances for a 30 day interest period appearing on the Reuters Screen CDOR Page (as defined in the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 2000 definitions, as modified and amended from time to time), rounded to the nearest 1/100th of 1 (with .005 being rounded up), at approximately 12:00 p.m., (Toronto time) on such day, or if such day is not a Business Day, then on the immediately preceding Business Day, provided that (x) if such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen CDOR Page on such day the CDOR Rate on such day shall be the rate for such period applicable to Canadian Dollar bankers acceptances quoted by a bank listed in Schedule I of the Bank Act (Canada), as selected by the Agent, as of 12:00 p.m. (Toronto time) on such day or, if such day is not a Business Day, then on the immediately preceding Business Day, or (y) if the CDOR Rate is unascertainable as set forth in Section 3.8.3 (Successor CDOR Rate Index), a comparable replacement rate determined in accordance with Section 3.8.3; provided , however, that, in all 
 9 

 cases, if the CDOR Rate determined as provided above would be less than 1.00, such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00 for purposes of this Agreement. CDOR Rate Loan shall mean any Advance in Canadian Dollars that bears interest determined by reference to the CDOR Rate in accordance with the terms hereof. CEA shall mean the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. CERCLA shall mean the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. Certificate of Beneficial Ownership shall mean, for each Loan Party (other than Holdings), the certificate in form and substance acceptable to Agent (as amended or modified by Agent from time to time in its sole discretion), certifying, among other things, the Beneficial Owner of such Loan Party. CFTC shall mean the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. Change in Law shall mean the occurrence, after the Closing Date, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any Applicable Law; (b) any change in any Applicable Law or in the administration, implementation, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Body; or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of Law) by any Governmental Body; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, regulations, guidelines, interpretations or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith (whether or not having the force of Applicable Law) and (y) all requests, rules, regulations, guidelines, interpretations or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities (whether or not having the force of Law), in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented. Change of Control shall mean the occurrence of any event (whether in one or more transactions) which results in: (a) any Person or group (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) (i) acquiring beneficial ownership of thirty-five percent (35 or more on a fully diluted basis of the voting and/or economic interest in the Equity Interests of Holdings or (ii) obtaining the power (whether or not exercised) to elect a majority of the members of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of Holdings, (b) the majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors (or similar governing body) of Holdings cease to be occupied by Persons who either (i) were members of the board of directors of Holdings on the Closing Date, or (ii) were nominated for election by the board of directors of Holdings, a majority of whom were directors on the Closing Date or whose election or nomination for election was previously approved by a majority of such directors, (c) except with respect to Braden Mexico, Holdings failing to own, directly or indirectly, one hundred (100 percent of the Equity Interests (on a fully diluted basis) of any other Loan Party, (d) WISG failing to own, directly or indirectly, 
 10 

 one hundred (100 percent of the Equity Interests (on a fully diluted basis) of WISI, WSS, WPS, Global, Construction and WISG Canada, (e) WISG Canada failing to own one hundred (100 percent of the Equity Interests (on a fully diluted basis) of WISG Nuclear and WISG Electrical, and/or (f) other than as permitted pursuant to Section 7.1 hereof, any merger, consolidation or sale of substantially all of the property or assets of any Loan Party; provided, that the sale by Holdings of any Equity Interests of any Loan Party shall be deemed a sale of substantially all of Holding s assets. For purposes of this definition, control of any Person shall mean the power, direct or indirect (x) to vote more than fifty percent (50 of the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors (or the individuals performing similar functions) of such Person or (y) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person by contract or otherwise. Charges shall mean all taxes, charges, fees, imposts, levies or other assessments, including all net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, value added, transfer, franchise, profits, inventory, capital stock, license, withholding, payroll, employment, social security, Canada Pension Plan and provincial pension plan contributions, unemployment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation and property taxes, custom duties, fees, assessments, liens, claims and charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts, imposed by any taxing or other authority, domestic or foreign (including the PBGC or any environmental agency or superfund), upon the Collateral, any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates. CIP Regulations shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14.12 hereof. Claims shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.5 hereof. Closing Date shall mean the date of this Agreement. Collateral shall mean and include all right, title and interest of each Loan Party in all of the following property and assets of such Loan Party, in each case whether now existing or hereafter arising or created and whether now owned or hereafter acquired and wherever located: (a) all Receivables and all supporting obligations relating thereto; (b) all Equipment and fixtures; (c) all general intangibles (including all payment intangibles and all software) and all supporting obligations related thereto; (d) all Inventory; (e) all Subsidiary Stock, securities, Investment Property, Intellectual Property and financial assets; (f) all contract rights, rights of payment which have been earned under any contract, chattel paper (including electronic chattel paper and tangible chattel paper), commercial tort claims, documents (including all warehouse receipts and bills of lading), deposit accounts, goods, instruments (including promissory notes), letters of credit (whether or not the respective 
 11 

 letter of credit is evidenced by a writing) and letter-of-credit rights, cash, certificates of deposit, insurance proceeds (including hazard, flood and credit insurance), security agreements, eminent domain proceeds, condemnation proceeds, tort claim proceeds and all supporting obligations; (g) all ledger sheets, ledger cards, files, correspondence, records, books of account, business papers, computers, computer software (owned by such Loan Party or in which it has an interest), computer programs, tapes, disks and documents, including all of such property relating to the property described in clauses (a) through and (h) of this definition; (h) the Arbitration Recovery Net Cash Proceeds; and (i) all proceeds and products of the property described in clauses (a) through and including (h) of this definition, in whatever form. It is the intention of the parties hereto that if Agent shall fail to have a perfected Lien in any particular property or assets of any Loan Party for any reason whatsoever, but the provisions of this Agreement and/or of the Other Documents, together with all financing statements and other public filings relating to Liens filed or recorded by Agent against the Loan Parties, would be sufficient to create a perfected Lien in any property or assets that such Loan Party may receive upon the sale, lease, license, exchange, transfer or disposition of such particular property or assets, then all such proceeds of such particular property or assets shall be included in the Collateral as original collateral that is the subject of a direct and original grant of a security interest as provided for herein and in the Other Documents (and not merely as proceeds (as defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code) in which a security interest is created or arises solely pursuant to Section 9-315 of the Uniform Commercial Code). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Collateral shall not include any Excluded Property. Commitments shall mean the Revolving Commitments. Commitment Transfer Supplement shall mean a document in the form of Exhibit 16.3 hereto, properly completed and otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to Agent by which the Purchasing Lender purchases and assumes all or a portion of the right, title and interest of the assigning Lender in respect of the outstanding Revolving Advances and Letters of Credit and such assigning Lender s Revolving Commitments hereunder. Competitor means any competitor of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as have been identified by name in writing by the Borrowing Agent to Agent on or prior to the Closing Date and any other Person designated by the Borrowing Agent as a competitor of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries after the Closing Date and consented to by Agent in its sole discretion. Compliance Certificate shall mean a compliance certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 1.2(b) hereto to be signed by the Chief Financial Officer or Controller of Borrowing Agent. Conforming Changes shall mean, with respect to the Term SOFR Rate or any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the 
 12 

 definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of the Term SOFR Rate or such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of the Term SOFR Rate or the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the Other Documents). Consents shall mean all filings and all licenses, permits, consents, approvals, authorizations, qualifications and orders of Governmental Bodies and other third parties, domestic or foreign, necessary to carry on any Loan Party s business or necessary (including to avoid a conflict or breach under any agreement, instrument, other document, license, permit or other authorization) for the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement, the Other Documents, or the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents, including any Consents required under all applicable federal, state or other Applicable Law. Consigned Inventory shall mean Inventory of any Loan Party that is in the possession of another Person or a Loan Party on a consignment, sale or return, or other basis that does not constitute a final sale and acceptance of such Inventory. Consolidated Basis shall mean, with respect to Holdings, the consolidation in accordance with GAAP of the accounts or other items of Holdings and its Subsidiaries. Contract Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1 hereof. Controlled Group shall mean, at any time, each Loan Party and all trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control within the meaning of Section 4001(b)(1) of ERISA with any Loan Party and all other entities which, together with any Loan Party, are treated as a single employer under Section 414(t) of the Internal Revenue Code. Construction shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors and assigns. Covered Entity shall mean (a) each Loan Party, each Subsidiary of each Loan Party, and all pledgors of Collateral and (b) each Person that, directly or indirectly, is in control of a Person described in clause (a) above. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the direct or indirect (x) ownership of, or power to vote, twenty-five percent (25 or more of the issued and outstanding equity interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or other Persons performing similar functions for such Person, or (y) power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by ownership of equity interests, contract or otherwise. Custome r shall mean and include the account debtor with respect to any Receivable and/or the prospective purchaser of goods, services or both with respect to any contract or 
 13 

 contract right, and/or any party who enters into or proposes to enter into any contract or other arrangement with any Loan Party, pursuant to which such Loan Party is to deliver any personal property or perform any services. Customs shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.13(b) hereof. Daily Simple SOFR shall mean, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), the interest rate per annum determined by the Agent by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, at the Agent s discretion, to the nearest 1/100th of 1 (A) SOFR for the day (the SOFR Determination Date that is two (2) Business Days prior to (i) such SOFR Rate Day if such SOFR Rate Day is a Business Day or (ii) the Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day if such SOFR Rate Day is not a Business Day, by (B) a number equal to 1.00 minus the SOFR Reserve Percentage, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source identified by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or its successor administrator for the secured overnight financing rate from time to time. If Daily Simple SOFR as determined above would be less than the SOFR Floor, then Daily Simple SOFR shall be deemed to be the SOFR Floor. If SOFR for any SOFR Determination Date has not been published or replaced with a Benchmark Replacement by 5:00 p.m. (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania time) on the second Business Day immediately following such SOFR Determination Date, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Date will be SOFR for the first Business Day preceding such SOFR Determination Date for which SOFR was published in accordance with the definition of SOFR provided that SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be used for purposes of calculating Daily Simple SOFR for no more than 3 consecutive SOFR Rate Days. If and when Daily Simple SOFR as determined above changes, any applicable rate of interest based on Daily Simple SOFR will change automatically without notice to the Borrowers, effective on the date of any such change. Debt Payments shall mean for any Person for any period, all cash actually expended by such Person to make: (a) interest payments on any Advances during such period, plus (b) scheduled principal payments in respect of the EICF/CION Term Loan during such period, plus (c) scheduled payments of any fees, commissions and charges set forth herein except for the Closing Fee (as described in the Fee Letter), plus (d) payments in respect of Capitalized Lease Obligations during such period, plus (e) scheduled payments with respect to any other Indebtedness for borrowed money during such period. For the avoidance of doubt, any optional or mandatory prepayments, whether under this Agreement or the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement (including without limitation any Excess Cash Flow (as such term is defined in the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement as in effect on the Closing Date) payment under the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement), do not constitute Debt Payments . Default shall mean an event, circumstance or condition which, with the giving of notice or passage of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default. Default Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1 hereof. 
 14 

 Defaulting Lender shall mean any Lender that: (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Revolving Commitment Percentage of Advances, (ii) if applicable, fund any portion of its Participation Commitment in Letters of Credit or Swing Loans or (iii) pay over to Agent, any Issuer, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including a particular Default or Event of Default, if any) has not been satisfied; (b) has notified the Loan Parties or Agent in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including a particular Default or Event of Default, if any) to funding an Advance under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit; (c) has failed, within two (2) Business Days after request by Agent, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Advances and, if applicable, participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swing Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon Agent s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to Agent; (d) has become the subject of an Insolvency Event; (e) has failed at any time to comply with the provisions of Section 2.6(e) hereof with respect to purchasing participations from the other Lenders, whereby such Lender s share of any payment received, whether by setoff or otherwise, is in excess of its pro rata share of such payments due and payable to all of the Lenders; or (f) has become the subject of a Bail-In Action. Depository Accounts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.8(h) hereof. Designated Lender shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.2(c) hereof. Disposition shall mean, with respect to any particular property or asset (other than cash or Cash Equivalents), the sale, lease, license, gift, exchange, transfer or other disposition of such property or asset, and to Dispose of any particular property or asset shall mean to sell, lease, license, exchange, transfer or otherwise dispose of such property or asset. Disqualified Equity Interests shall mean any Equity Interests which, by their terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into which they are convertible or for which they are exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition, (a) mature or are mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or are redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, on or prior to the date which is 91 days following the last day of the Term (excluding any provisions requiring redemption upon a change of control or similar event; provided that such change of control or similar event results in the Payment in Full of the Obligations), (b) are convertible into or exchangeable for (i) debt securities or (ii) any Equity Interests referred to in clause (a) above, in each case, at any time on or prior to the date which is 91 days following the last day of the Term, or (c) are entitled to 
 15 

 receive scheduled dividends or distributions in cash prior to the time that the Obligations are Paid in Full. Document shall have the meaning given to the term document in the Uniform Commercial Code. Domestic Rate Loan shall mean any Advance that bears interest based upon the Alternate Base Rate. Drawing Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(b) hereof. Early Termination Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.1 hereof. EBITDA shall mean for any Person for any period of determination, the sum of (a) Net Income (or loss) of such Person for such period (excluding extraordinary gains and losses), plus (b) without duplication and to the extent deducted in determining Net Income, (i) all Interest Expense of such Person for such period, deferred financing fees, non-cash interest expenses, upfront financing and other agent or lender fees in connection with any other Permitted Indebtedness of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period, plus (ii) charges against income of such Person for such period for federal, state and local taxes, consolidated income and franchise tax expense of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period, plus (iii) all depreciation expenses of such Person for such period, plus (iv) all amortization expenses of such Person for such period, plus (v) all amounts properly attributable to non-cash items for such period, including any non-cash write-downs or non-cash write-offs including fixed asset impairments or write-downs, intangible asset impairments and deferred tax asset write-offs (except to the extent that such non-cash charges are reserved for cash charges to be taken in the future) of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period, excluding, however, any non-cash write-down or non-cash write-offs of accounts receivable plus vi) any extraordinary losses and unusual or non-recurring charges, including, without limitation, any severance, integration, facilities closing or relocation costs and curtailments or modifications to pension and post retirement employee benefit plans in an aggregate amount not to exceed 500,000 in any fiscal year, plus vii any exit costs or withdrawal liability incurred as a result of the Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings of Koontz-Wagner; provided that such amounts shall not exceed 1,000,000 in the aggregate, plus viii) non-cash stock compensation expense, plus (ix non-cash expenses recognized due to purchase accounting, plus x any non-cash losses attributable to foreign currency translation or exchange, plus xi one-time, non-recurring customary and documented costs and expenses deducted from Net Income during such period in connection with (A) the consummation of the Transaction and the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Other Documents, and (B) the negotiation, execution and delivery of the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereunder, in an aggregate amount with respect to clauses (A) and (B) not to exceed 3,450,000, plus xii non-recurring losses and expenses incurred in connection with projects executed in Jacksonville, Florida, one-time costs and expenses in connection with Transmission and Distribution business segment start-up costs, and costs and expenses arising out of Champion/Powers litigation, in an aggregate amount with respect to all such losses and expenses not to exceed (A) with respect to the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2021, 264,190 , (B) with respect to the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2021, 3,121,872 , (C) with respect to the fiscal 
 16 

 quarter ending December 31, 2021, 320,443, (D) with respect to the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2022, 2,706,445, and (E) with respect to the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2022, 1,521,379 minus (b) without duplication and to the extent included in determining such Net Income of such Person, any non-cash additions to such Net Income of such Person for such period (other than the accrual of revenue or recording of receivables in the Ordinary Course of Business), minus , (c) any gains attributable to foreign currency translation or exchange, minus (d) without duplication and to the extent included in determining such Net Income, any extraordinary or non-recurring non-cash gains (or plus extraordinary non-cash losses) for such period and any gains (or plus losses) realized in connection with any Disposition by Holdings and its Subsidiaries during such period, all determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. non-cash stock compensation expense. EBITDA shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any Permitted Acquisitions and Dispositions (other than any Dispositions in the Ordinary Course of Business) consummated at any time on or after the first day of the measuring period and prior to the date of determination as if each such Permitted Acquisition had been effected on the first day of such period and as if each such Disposition had been consummated on the day prior to the first day of such period. EEA Financial Institution shall mean (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country shall mean any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. EEA Resolution Authority shall mean any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. Effective Date shall mean the date indicated in a document or agreement to be the date on which such document or agreement becomes effective, or, if there is no such indication, the date of execution of such document or agreement. Effective Federal Funds Rate means for any day the rate per annum (based on a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed and rounded upward to the nearest 1/100 of 1 announced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor) on such day as being the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions arranged by federal funds brokers on the previous trading day, as computed and announced by such Federal Reserve Bank (or any successor) in substantially the same manner as such Federal Reserve Bank computes and announces the weighted average it refers to as the Effective Federal Funds Rate as of the date of this Agreement; provided that if such Federal Reserve Bank (or its successor) does not announce such rate on any day, the Effective Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the Effective Federal Funds Rate for the last day on which such rate was announced. 
 17 

 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Effective Federal Funds Rate as determined under any method above would be less than zero percent (0.00 ), such rate shall be deemed to be zero percent (0.00 for purposes of this Agreement. EICF/CION Closing Date Term Loan shall mean the term loan in the amount of 35,000,000 made by the EICF/CION Term Loan Lenders to the Borrowers on the Closing Date pursuant to the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement. EICF/CION Delayed Draw Term Loan shall mean one or more term loans that the EICF/CION Term Loan Lenders, pursuant to the terms of the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement, may make to the Borrowers during the 18 month period commencing on the Closing Date pursuant to the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement, in a combined original principal amount as to all such term loans not to exceed 15,000,000 in the aggregate. EICF/CION Term Loan shall mean the EICF/CION Closing Date Term Loan and each EICF/CION Delayed Draw Term Loan, in each case individually, and collectively both the EICF/CION Closing Date Term Loan and all EICF/Delayed Draw Term Loans. EICF/CION Term Loan Agent shall mean EICF Agent LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement shall mean that certain Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement by and among the Borrowers, the Guarantors, the EICF/CION Term Loan Agent, CION Investment Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and the EICF/CION Term Loan Lenders from time to time party thereto, as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, restated or replaced in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. EICF/CION Term Loan Documents shall mean, collectively, the following (as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, restated or replaced in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement): (a) the EICF CION Term Loan Agreement and, all exhibits, schedules and disclosure letters referred to therein or delivered pursuant thereto, if any, (b) all amendments thereto, waivers relating thereto and other side letters or agreements affecting the terms thereof, and (c) all of the other agreements, documents and instruments executed and delivered in connection therewith or related thereto. EICF/CION Term Loan Lenders shall mean, collectively, Energy Impact Credit Fund I LP, CION Investment Corporation, Murray Hill Funding II, LLC, CrowdOut Capital LLC, and CrowdOut Credit Opportunities Fund LLC. Eligibility Date shall mean, with respect to each Loan Party and each Swap, the date on which this Agreement or any Other Document becomes effective with respect to such Swap (for the avoidance of doubt, the Eligibility Date shall be the Effective Date of such Swap if this Agreement or any Other Document is then in effect with respect to such Loan Party, and otherwise it shall be the Effective Date of this Agreement and/or such Other Documents to which such Loan Party is a party). Eligible Canadian Receivables shall mean and include each Receivable of a Canadian Loan Party arising in the Ordinary Course of Business and which Agent, in its sole discretion 
 18 

 exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, shall deem to be an Eligible Canadian Receivable, based on such considerations as Agent may from time to time deem appropriate. In addition, no Receivable shall be an Eligible Canadian Receivable if: (a) such Receivable arises out of a sale made by any Canadian Loan Party to an Affiliate of any Loan Party or to a Person controlled by an Affiliate of any Loan Party; (b) such Receivable is due or unpaid more than ninety (90) days (or, in Agent s sole discretion, one hundred twenty (120) days) after the original invoice date or sixty (60) days after the original due date; (c) such Receivable is due from a Customer with respect to which fifty percent (50 or more of the Receivables owing from such Customer are not otherwise deemed Eligible Canadian Receivables hereunder (such percentage may, in Agent s sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, be increased or decreased from time to time); (d) such Receivable is not subject to Agent s first priority perfected Lien or is subject to any other Liens (other than Permitted Encumbrances); (e) any covenant, representation or warranty set forth in this Agreement with respect to such Receivable has been breached; (f) such Receivable is due from a Customer with respect to which an Insolvency Event shall have occurred; (g) the sale giving rise to such Receivable is to a Customer outside a province or territory of Canada; (h) the sale giving rise to such Receivable is on a bill-and-hold, guaranteed sale, sale-and-return, sale on approval, consignment or any other repurchase or return basis with the applicable Customer or such Receivable is evidenced by chattel paper or an instrument; (i) Agent believes, in its sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, that the ability to collect such Receivable is insecure or that such Receivable may not be paid by reason of the Customer s financial inability to pay; (j) such Receivable is (i) due from a Customer which is the United States or (ii) due from a Customer which is the federal Government of Canada or any provincial or territorial government or Governmental Body thereof which has adopted legislation requiring any consent or other legal formality of a provincial or territorial Governmental Body to the assignment of any claim against such province or territory or Governmental Body and/or the grant of any Lien in such Receivable unless the applicable Canadian Loan Party has complied with the terms of the Financial Administration Act (Canada) or any other similar applicable provincial or territorial statute and such assignment is enforceable against such Governmental Body; (k) the goods giving rise to such Receivable have not been delivered to and accepted by the Customer, the services giving rise to such Receivable have not been performed 
 19 

 by the applicable Canadian Loan Party and accepted by the Customer or such Receivable otherwise does not represent a final sale; (l) the Receivables of the Customer from which such Receivable is owing exceed a credit limit determined by Agent, in its sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, to the extent such Receivable exceeds such limit; (m) such Receivable is subject to any offset, deduction, defense, dispute, credit or counterclaim (because, among other reasons, the Customer is also a creditor or supplier of a Canadian Loan Party) or the Receivable is contingent in any respect or for any reason (but such Receivable shall only be ineligible to the extent of such offset, deduction, defense, dispute, credit or counterclaim or contingency); (n) the applicable Canadian Loan Party has made any agreement with any Customer for any deduction therefrom, except for discounts or allowances made in the Ordinary Course of Business for prompt payment, all of which discounts or allowances are reflected in the calculation of the face value of each respective invoice related thereto; (o) any return, rejection or repossession of the merchandise the sale of which gave rise to such Receivable has occurred or the rendition of services giving rise to such Receivable has been disputed; (p) such Receivable is not payable to a Canadian Loan Party; (q) such Receivable is not denominated in Canadian Dollars; (r) such Receivable is not evidenced by an invoice or other documentary evidence satisfactory to Agent; or (s) such Receivable is not otherwise satisfactory to Agent as determined by Agent in its Permitted Discretion. Eligible Contract Participant shall mean an eligible contract participant as defined in the CEA and regulations thereunder. Eligible JV Receivables shall mean and include each JV Receivable of a Borrower arising in the Ordinary Course of Business and which Agent, in its sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, shall deem to be an Eligible JV Receivable, based on such considerations as Agent may from time to time deem appropriate. In addition, no JV Receivable shall be an Eligible Receivable unless (a) it satisfies all of the criteria of Eligible Receivables, other than clause (a)(i) of the definition of Eligible Receivables and (b) the Customer obligated on such JV Receivable (other than Richmond, defined below) shall have executed in favor of the Agent and delivered to the Agent a valid and enforceable no offset agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, pursuant to which such Customer shall have waived any right it may have to set off against the payment of the applicable JV Receivable amounts or other obligations owing to it by such Borrower, unless such Borrower shall have notified the Agent in writing that such Customer is unwilling to execute and deliver to the Agent such no offset agreement, so long as the Agent shall have determined that such Borrower in 
 20 

 fact used its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Customer to execute and deliver such no offset agreement to the Agent. As of the First Amendment Effective Date, the only JV Receivables that may constitute Eligible JV Receivables (provided all eligibility criteria are met, as determined by the Agent, in its sole discretion, exercised in a commercially reasonable manner) are those with respect to which the Customer obligated on such JV Receivables is Richmond County Constructors, LLC, a limited liability company formed under the laws of the state of Delaware Richmond ). Eligible Receivables shall mean and include each Receivable of a Borrower arising in the Ordinary Course of Business and which Agent, in its sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, shall deem to be an Eligible Receivable, based on such considerations as Agent may from time to time deem appropriate. In addition, no Receivable shall be an Eligible Receivable if: (a) such Receivable arises out of a sale made by any Borrower (i) to an Affiliate of any Loan Party or (ii) to a Person controlled by an Affiliate of any Loan Party; (b) such Receivable is due or unpaid more than ninety (90) days or, solely with respect to Southern Receivables (or any other Receivables in Agent s sole discretion), one hundred twenty (120) days, after the original invoice date or sixty (60) days after the original due date; (c) such Receivable is due from a Customer with respect to which fifty percent (50 or more of the Receivables owing from such Customer are not otherwise deemed Eligible Receivables hereunder (such percentage may, in Agent s sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, be increased or decreased from time to time); (d) such Receivable is not subject to Agent s first priority perfected Lien or is subject to any other Liens (other than Permitted Encumbrances); (e) any covenant, representation or warranty set forth in this Agreement with respect to such Receivable has been breached; (f) such Receivable is due from a Customer with respect to which an Insolvency Event shall have occurred; (g) the sale giving rise to such Receivable is to a Customer outside the continental United States , unless such sale is on letter of credit, guaranty or acceptance terms, in each case acceptable to Agent in its sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner; (h) the sale giving rise to such Receivable is on a bill-and-hold, guaranteed sale, sale-and-return, sale on approval, consignment or any other repurchase or return basis with the applicable Customer or such Receivable is evidenced by chattel paper or an instrument; 
 21 

 (i) Agent believes, in its sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, that the ability to collect such Receivable is insecure or that such Receivable may not be paid by reason of the Customer s financial inability to pay; (j) such Receivable is (i) due from a Customer which is the United States, any state or any department, agency or instrumentality of any of them, unless the applicable Borrower assigns its right to payment of such Receivable to Agent pursuant to the Assignment of Claims Act of 1940, as amended (31 U.S.C. Sub-Section 3727 et seq. and 41 U.S.C. Sub-Section 15 et seq.) or has otherwise complied with other applicable statutes or ordinances or (ii) due from a Customer which is the federal Government of Canada or any provincial Governmental Body thereof which has adopted legislation requiring any consent or other legal formality of a provincial Governmental Body to the assignment of any claim against such province or provincial Governmental Body and/or the grant of any Lien in such Receivable and such assignment is enforceable against such Governmental Body; (k) (i) the goods giving rise to such Receivable have not been delivered to and accepted by the Customer, (ii) the services giving rise to such Receivable have not been performed by the applicable Borrower and accepted by the Customer or (iii) such Receivable otherwise does not represent a final sale, unless, in the case of this clause (iii), such Receivable is one in a series of related Receivables arising from continuing services performed for the benefit of the same Customer pursuant to the same project, the terms in respect of which permit the progress billing for such services, in each case rendered in the Ordinary Course of Business; (l) the Receivables of the Customer from which such Receivable is owing exceed a credit limit determined by Agent, in its sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, to the extent such Receivable exceeds such limit; (m) such Receivable is owing from a Customer whose total obligations owing to all Borrowers and, for the purposes of this clause (m), all Canadian Loan Parties, exceed 60 of all Eligible Receivables and all Eligible Canadian Receivables, to the extent of the obligations owing by such Customer in excess of such percentage; provided , however , such percentage, as applied to a particular Customer (x) may be reduced at any time by Agent in its Permitted Discretion if the creditworthiness of such Customer deteriorates in the determination of Agent, and (y) may be increased at any time by Agent in its sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner; (n) such Receivable is subject to any offset, deduction, defense, dispute, credit or counterclaim (because, among other reasons, the Customer is also a creditor or supplier of a Borrower) or the Receivable is contingent in any respect or for any reason (but such Receivable shall only be ineligible to the extent of such offset, deduction, defense, dispute, credit or counterclaim or contingency); (o) the applicable Borrower has made any agreement with any Customer for any deduction therefrom, except for discounts or allowances made in the Ordinary Course of Business for prompt payment, all of which discounts or allowances are reflected in the calculation of the face value of each respective invoice related thereto; 
 22 

 (p) any return, rejection or repossession of the merchandise the sale of which gave rise to such Receivable has occurred or the rendition of services giving rise to such Receivable has been disputed; (q) such Receivable is not payable to a Borrower; (r) such Receivable is not evidenced by an invoice or other documentary evidence satisfactory to Agent; or (s) such Receivable is not otherwise satisfactory to Agent as determined by Agent in its Permitted Discretion. Eligible Unbilled Canadian Receivables shall mean and include each Receivable of a Canadian Loan Party arising in the Ordinary Course of Business that (a) satisfies all of the criteria of Eligible Canadian Receivables, other than clause (r) of the definition of Eligible Canadian Receivables , (b) shall become a standard billed Receivable in the Ordinary Course of Business pursuant to the billing of such amount (and the conversion thereof into a Receivable) within thirty (30) days after the date of completion of the services or the delivery of the goods giving rise to such Receivable, and (c) is evidenced by such documentation satisfactory to Agent in its Permitted Discretion. Eligible Unbilled Receivables shall mean, collectively, Eligible Unbilled U.S. Receivables, Eligible Unbilled Canadian Receivables, and Eligible Unbilled JV Receivables. Eligible Unbilled JV Receivables shall mean and include each JV Receivable of a Borrower arising in the Ordinary Course of Business that (a) satisfies all of the criteria of Eligible JV Receivables, other than clause (r) of the definition of Eligible Receivables , (b) shall become a standard billed JV Receivable in the Ordinary Course of Business pursuant to the billing of such amount (and the conversion thereof into a Receivable) within thirty (30) days after the date of completion of the services or the delivery of the goods giving rise to such Receivable, and (c) is evidenced by such documentation satisfactory to Agent in its Permitted Discretion. Eligible Unbilled U.S. Receivables shall mean and include each Receivable of a Borrower arising in the Ordinary Course of Business that (a) satisfies all of the criteria of Eligible Receivables, other than clause (r) of the definition of Eligible Receivables , (b) shall become a standard billed Receivable in the Ordinary Course of Business pursuant to the billing of such amount (and the conversion thereof into a Receivable) within thirty (30) days after the date of completion of the services or the delivery of the goods giving rise to such Receivable, and (c) is evidenced by such documentation satisfactory to Agent in its Permitted Discretion. Environmental Complaint shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.3(b) hereof. Environmental Laws shall mean all federal, state, provincial, territorial and local environmental, land use, zoning, health, chemical use, safety and sanitation Laws relating to the protection of the environment, human health and/or governing the use, storage, treatment, generation, transportation, processing, handling, production or disposal of Hazardous Materials 
 23 

 and the rules, regulations, policies, guidelines, interpretations, decisions, orders and directives of federal, state, international and local governmental agencies and authorities with respect thereto. Equipment shall have the meaning given to the term equipment in the Uniform Commercial Code. Equity Interests shall mean, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, rights to purchase, options, warrants, general, limited or limited liability partnership interests, member interests, participation or other equivalents of or interest in (regardless of how designated) equity of such Person, whether voting or nonvoting, including common stock, preferred stock, convertible securities or any other equity security (as such term is defined in Rule 3a11-1 of the General Rules and Regulations promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act), including in each case all of the following rights relating to such Equity Interests, whether arising under the Organizational Documents of the Person issuing such Equity Interests (the Equity Issuer or under the Applicable Laws of such Equity Issuer s jurisdiction of organization relating to the formation, existence and governance of corporations, limited liability companies or partnerships or business trusts or other legal entities, as the case may be: (i) all economic rights (including all rights to receive dividends and distributions) relating to such Equity Interests; (ii) all voting rights and rights to consent to any particular actions by the applicable Equity Issuer; (iii) all management rights with respect to such Equity Issuer; (iv) in the case of any Equity Interests consisting of a general partner interest in a partnership, all powers and rights as a general partner with respect to the management, operations and control of the business and affairs of the applicable Equity Issuer; (v) in the case of any Equity Interests consisting of the membership/limited liability company interests of a managing member in a limited liability company, all powers and rights as a managing member with respect to the management, operations and control of the business and affairs of the applicable Equity Issuer; (vi) all rights to designate or appoint or vote for or remove any officers, directors, managers, general partners or managing members of such Equity Issuer and/or any members of any board of members/managers/partners/directors that may at any time have any rights to manage and direct the business and affairs of the applicable Equity Issuer under its Organizational Documents as in effect from time to time or under Applicable Law; (vii) all rights to amend the Organizational Documents of such Equity Issuer, (viii) in the case of any Equity Interests in a partnership or limited liability company, the status of the holder of such Equity Interests as a partner , general or limited, or member (as applicable) under the applicable Organizational Documents and/or Applicable Law; and (ix) all certificates evidencing such Equity Interests. ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Event of Default shall have the meaning set forth in Article X hereof. Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Exchange Rate shall mean, with respect to any calculation of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any amount denominated in any currency other than U.S. Dollars on any date of determination, the prevailing spot rate of exchange for the conversion of such other currency into 
 24 

 U.S. Dollars as determined by Agent s foreign exchange department (in the exercise of its ordinary business practices regarding foreign currency exchange for customers of the Agent similarly situated to Borrowers) as of the close of business for Agent s foreign exchange department on the Business Day immediately preceding such date of determination; provided that , notwithstanding the foregoing, in the context of any actual conversion by Agent or any Lender of any funds received by Agent or any Lender (whether as a payment made by any Loan Party or the proceeds of any Collateral (including any collections on any Receivable received by Agent or any Lender)), or any calculation or valuation of asset values, from one currency to another for the purpose of applying such funds to the Obligations in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or calculating the Formula Amount, Exchange Rate means the spot-buying or spot-selling (as the case may be) rate of exchange at which Agent or such Lender is actually able to exchange the one currency for the other in the exercise of its ordinary business practices regarding foreign currency exchange at the time of such actual conversion. Excluded Deposit Accounts shall mean deposit accounts exclusively used for payroll, payroll taxes and other employee wage and benefit payments to or for the benefit of Loan Parties employees and identified to Agent by a Borrower as such. Excluded Hedge Liability or Liabilities shall mean, with respect to each Loan Party, each of its Swap Obligations if, and only to the extent that, all or any portion of this Agreement or any Other Document that relates to such Swap Obligation is or becomes illegal under the CEA, or any rule, regulation or order of the CFTC, solely by virtue of such Loan Party s failure to qualify as an Eligible Contract Participant on the Eligibility Date for such Swap. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement or any Other Document to the contrary, the foregoing is subject to the following provisos: (a) if a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one Swap, this definition shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to Swaps for which such guaranty or security interest is or becomes illegal under the CEA, or any rule, regulations or order of the CFTC, solely as a result of the failure by such Loan Party for any reason to qualify as an Eligible Contract Participant on the Eligibility Date for such Swap; (b) if a guarantee of a Swap Obligation would cause such obligation to be an Excluded Hedge Liability but the grant of a security interest would not cause such obligation to be an Excluded Hedge Liability, such Swap Obligation shall constitute an Excluded Hedge Liability for purposes of the guaranty but not for purposes of the grant of the security interest; and (c) if there is more than one Loan Party executing this Agreement or the Other Documents and a Swap Obligation would be an Excluded Hedge Liability with respect to one or more of such Loan Parties, but not all of them, the definition of Excluded Hedge Liability or Liabilities with respect to each such Loan Party shall only be deemed applicable to (i) the particular Swap Obligations that constitute Excluded Hedge Liabilities with respect to such Loan Party, and (ii) the particular Loan Party with respect to which such Swap Obligations constitute Excluded Hedge Liabilities. Excluded Property shall mean each of the following assets of a Loan Party: (a) any (i) Leasehold Interests and (ii) fee-owned Real Property other than Material Owned Real Property; (b) (i) the Arbitration Recovery and (ii) until such date as all Secured Obligations (as such term is defined in the Capital Provision Agreement in effect as of the Closing Date) have been satisfied in full and the Capital Provision Agreement has been terminated, the Collateral, as such term is defined in the Capital Provision Agreement in effect on the Closing Date; (c) any 
 25 

 lease, license, contract, property right or agreement to which any Loan Party is a party on the Closing Date if and for so long as the grant of the security interest to Agent with respect thereto is prohibited by applicable law; provided that such asset shall no longer be an Excluded Property immediately at such time the grant of a security interest therein shall no longer be prohibited by applicable law; (d) property subject to a purchase money security agreement to the extent and for so long as (i) the documentation providing for such purchase money indebtedness prohibits the creation of a lien on such assets; (e) property subject to a capital lease to the extent the documentation providing for such capital lease requires consent and the applicable Loan Party has used its commercially best efforts to obtain such consent and such consent has not been obtained; provided that such assets shall no longer be an Excluded Property immediately at such time as the contractual prohibition, or consent right, shall no longer be applicable and to the extent severable, shall attach immediately to any portion of such assets that is not subject to such prohibition or consent right; (f) any lease, license, contract, property right or agreement to which any Loan Party is a party, in each case in existence on the closing date or upon acquisition of the relevant subsidiary party thereto, or any of its rights or interests thereunder: (i) if and for so long as the grant of the security interest to Agent with respect thereto (A) shall constitute or result in the abandonment, invalidation or unenforceability of any right, title or interest of any Loan Party therein, (B) shall constitute or result in a breach, default or termination pursuant to the terms thereof, other than to the extent that any such term would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the Uniform Commercial Code (or any successor provision or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law or principles of equity, or (C) otherwise requires consent thereunder and the applicable Loan Party has used its commercially best efforts to obtain such consent and such consent has not been obtained; and (ii) such prohibition, termination right or consent requirement is not entered into in contemplation of this Agreement or the Other Documents; provided that such asset shall no longer be an Excluded Property immediately at such time as the condition causing such abandonment, invalidation, unenforceability, breach, default or termination shall be remedied and to the extent severable, shall attach immediately to any portion of such asset that does not result in any of the consequences specified herein; (g) any intent-to-use trademark application, filed pursuant to Section 1(b) of the Lanham Act, 17 USC. 1051(b), prior to the filing of a Statement of Use or Amendment to Allege Use with respect thereto (as each is defined in such act), to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant of the security interest of Agent with respect thereto would impair the validity or enforceability of such intent-to-use trademark application or any registration that issues from such intent-to-use application under applicable federal law; and (h) other than as specifically provided in this definition, any asset with respect to which Agent shall have determined in good faith that the burden or cost of obtaining a security interest in such asset exceeds the practical benefit to the Agent and secured parties of the security to be afforded thereby, including, but not limited to, any property that requires action under the Law of any jurisdiction other than the United States or Canada or under the Law of any state thereof to create or perfect a security interest in such property; provided, however, notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Excluded Property shall not at any time include (x) the proceeds, products, substitutions or replacements of any such asset or (y) any asset that at any time ceases to satisfy the criteria to constitute Excluded Property (whether as a result of any Loan party obtaining any applicable consent, any regulatory change, or otherwise). 
 26 

 Excluded Taxes shall mean any of the following Taxes on or with respect to Agent, any Lender, Swing Loan Lender, any Issuer or any other recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to any such recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by Net Income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, imposed as a result of such recipient being organized under the Laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof), (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in an Advance or Commitment pursuant to a Law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquired such interest in the Advance or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 3.11 hereof) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.10 hereof, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with Section 3.10(g) hereof, or (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. Existing Lenders shall mean the financial institutions which are parties to the Existing Loan Documents as lenders. Existing Letters of Credit means those letters of credit outstanding as of the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 1.3 hereto, issued by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association for the account of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries. Existing Loan Documents shall mean, collectively, (i) that certain Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2018, executed by Holdings and the other Borrowers (as defined therein) from time to time party thereto, MidCap Financial Trust, as Agent for the Lenders (as each term is defined therein), and the additional Lenders from time to time party thereto, (ii) that certain Senior Secured Credit Agreement, dated as of September 18, 2018, executed by Holdings, the Lenders (as defined therein) party thereto, and Centre Lane Partners Master Credit Fund II, L.P., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent (as each term is defined therein), and (iii) all of the other agreements, documents and instruments executed and delivered in connection foregoing or related thereto. FATCA shall mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, as of the Closing Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code. Fee Letter shall mean the fee letter, dated as of the Closing Date (as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), executed by the Loan Parties in favor of Agent. 
 27 

 Financial Covenant Testing Period shall mean the period commencing upon the occurrence of a Financial Covenant Testing Triggering Event and ending on the occurrence of a Financial Covenant Testing Satisfaction Event. Financial Covenant Testing Satisfaction Event shall mean the earliest date on which Undrawn Availability is equal to or greater than twenty percent (20 of the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount for thirty (30) consecutive days. Financial Covenant Testing Triggering Event shall mean that Undrawn Availability is less than fifteen percent (15 of the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount on any Business Day. First Amendment shall mean that certain First Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2022. First Amendment Effective Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the First Amendment. Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall mean, with respect to any Person for any period of determination, the ratio of (a) the result of (i) Adjusted EBITDA for such Person for such period, minus (ii) Unfunded Capital Expenditures made by such Person during such period, minus (iii) distributions (including Tax Distributions) and dividends made by such Person during such period, minus (iv) cash taxes paid by such Person during such period, to (b) the sum of all Debt Payments made by such Person during such period. Flood Laws shall mean all Applicable Laws relating to policies and procedures that address requirements placed on federally regulated lenders under the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 and other Applicable Laws related thereto. Foreign Currency Hedge shall mean any foreign exchange transaction, including spot and forward foreign currency purchases and sales, listed or over-the-counter options on foreign currencies, non-deliverable forwards and options, foreign currency swap agreements, currency exchange rate price hedging arrangements, and any other similar transaction providing for the purchase of one currency in exchange for the sale of another currency entered into by any Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries. Foreign Currency Hedge Obligations shall mean the Indebtedness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries owing to the provider of a Foreign Currency Hedge. For purposes of this Agreement and all of the Other Documents, all Foreign Currency Hedge Obligations of any Loan Party or Subsidiary that is party to any Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedge shall, for purposes of this Agreement and all of the Other Documents, be Obligations of such Person and of each other Loan Party, be guaranteed obligations under any Guaranty and secured obligations under any Guarantor Security Agreement, as applicable, and otherwise treated as Obligations for purposes of the Other Documents, except to the extent constituting Excluded Hedge Liabilities of such Person. The Liens securing the Foreign Currency Hedge Obligations shall be pari passu with the Liens securing all other Obligations under this Agreement and the Other Documents, subject to the express provisions of Section 11.6 hereof. 
 28 

 Foreign Lender shall mean any Lender that is organized under the Laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Loan Parties are resident for income Tax purposes or in Canada. For purposes of this definition, the United States, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction and for the purposes of Canada, Canada and each Province and Territory thereof shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. Foreign Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary of any Person that is not organized or incorporated in the United States, any State or territory thereof or the District of Columbia. Formula Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) hereof. Funded Debt shall mean, with respect to any Person, without duplication, all Indebtedness for borrowed money evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures, or similar evidences of Indebtedness, all Capitalized Lease Obligations, all current maturities of long-term debt, revolving credit and short term debt extendible beyond one year at the option of the debtor, and, in the case of the Loan Parties, the Obligations and, without duplication, Indebtedness consisting of guaranties of Funded Debt of other Persons; provided however that for purposes of determining the amount of Funded Debt with respect to the Obligations, the amount of Funded Debt shall be equal to the sum of (i) the outstanding EICF/CION Term Loan as of the date of determination, plus (ii) the quotient of (A) the sum of the outstanding Revolving Advances, Swing Loans and the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit for each day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter, divided by (B) the number of such days in such fiscal quarter. GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States in effect from time to time or in relation to the Canadian Loan Parties, in Canada, in effect from time to time. Global shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors and assigns. Governmental Body shall mean any nation or government, any state, province or territory or other political subdivision thereof or any entity, authority, agency, division or department exercising the executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to a government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank) and any group or body charged with setting financial accounting or regulatory capital rules or standards (including, without limitation, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or any successor or similar authority to any of the foregoing). GPEG shall mean GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Guarantor or Guarantors shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include any other Person who may hereafter guarantee payment or 
 29 

 performance of the whole or any part of the Obligations and each of their respective successors and permitted assigns. Guarantor Security Agreement shall mean any security agreement executed by any Guarantor in favor of Agent securing the Obligations or the Guaranty of such Guarantor, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, as such security agreements may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Guaranty shall mean any guaranty of the Obligations executed by a Guarantor in favor of Agent for its benefit and for the ratable benefit of Lenders, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, including (i) Article XVII hereof and (ii) the Guarantee Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, executed by Canadian Loan Parties in favor of Agent. Hazardous Discharge shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.3(b) hereof. Hazardous Materials shall mean, without limitation, any flammable explosives, radon, radioactive materials, asbestos, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, polychlorinated biphenyls, petroleum and petroleum products, methane, hazardous materials, Hazardous Wastes, hazardous or Toxic Substances or related materials as defined in or subject to regulation under Environmental Laws. Hazardous Wastes shall mean all waste materials subject to regulation under CERCLA, RCRA or applicable state Law, and any other applicable Federal and state Laws or Canadian, provincial or territorial laws now in force or hereafter enacted relating to hazardous waste disposal. Hedge Obligations shall mean collectively, the Foreign Currency Hedge Obligations and the Interest Rate Hedge Obligations. Holdings shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors and assigns. Inactive Subsidiaries shall mean each of GPEG, Power, Steam, Braden, Braden Mexico and Koontz-Wagner. Indebtedness shall mean, as to any Person at any time, any and all indebtedness, obligations or liabilities (whether matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, or joint or several) of such Person for or in respect of: (a) borrowed money; (b) amounts received under or liabilities in respect of any note purchase or acceptance credit facility, and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments; (c) all Capitalized Lease Obligations; (d) reimbursement obligations (contingent or otherwise) under any letter of credit agreement, banker s acceptance agreement or similar arrangement; (e) obligations under any Interest Rate Hedge, Foreign Currency Hedge, or other interest rate management device, foreign currency exchange agreement, currency swap agreement, commodity price protection agreement or other interest or currency exchange rate or commodity price hedging arrangement; (f) any other advances of credit made to or on behalf of such Person or other transaction (including forward sale or purchase agreements, capitalized leases and conditional sales agreements to the extent of the 
 30 

 value of such property (other than customary reservations or retentions of title under agreements with suppliers entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business) having the commercial effect of a borrowing of money entered into by such Person to finance its operations or capital requirements including to finance the purchase price of property or services and all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (but not including trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business which are not represented by a promissory note or other evidence of indebtedness and which are not more than sixty (60) days past due); (g) all Equity Interests of such Person subject to repurchase or redemption rights or obligations (excluding repurchases or redemptions at the sole option of such Person); (h) all indebtedness, obligations or liabilities secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such indebtedness, obligations or liabilities are otherwise an obligation of such Person; (i) all obligations of such Person for earnouts , purchase price adjustments, profit sharing arrangements, deferred purchase money amounts and similar payment obligations or continuing obligations of any nature of such Person arising out of purchase and sale contracts; (j) off-balance sheet liabilities and/or pension plan liabilities of such Person; (k) obligations arising under bonus, deferred compensation, incentive compensation or similar arrangements, other than those arising in the Ordinary Course of Business; and (l) any guaranty of any indebtedness, obligations or liabilities of a type described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (k). Indemnified Taxes shall mean (a) Taxes other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under this Agreement or any Other Document, and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in the foregoing clause (a), Other Taxes. Ineligible Security shall mean any security which may not be underwritten or dealt in by member banks of the Federal Reserve System under Section 16 of the Banking Act of 1933 (12 U.S.C. Section 24, Seventh), as amended. Insolvency Event shall mean, with respect to any Person, including without limitation any Lender, such Person or such Person s direct or indirect parent company (a) becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding (including any proceeding under any Insolvency Laws), or regulatory restrictions, (b) has had a receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, monitor, liquidator, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation or wind up of its business appointed for it or has called a meeting of its creditors, (c) admits in writing its inability, or is generally unable, to pay its debts as they become due or ceases operations of its present business, (d) with respect to a Lender, such Lender is unable to perform hereunder due to the application of Applicable Law, or (e) in the good faith determination of Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment of a type described in clauses (a) or (b), provided that an Insolvency Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person or such Person s direct or indirect parent company by a Governmental Body or instrumentality thereof if, and only if, such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such 
 31 

 Person (or such Governmental Body or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. Insolvency Laws shall mean any of Title 11 of the United States Code, the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), the Companies Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada), the Winding-Up and Restructuring Act (Canada), any applicable governing corporate statute dealing with the compromise of creditor s claims or arrangements, each as now and hereafter in effect, any successors to such statutes and any other applicable insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, receivership, wind up, reorganization, arrangement or relief of debtor or other similar Law of any jurisdiction, including the Business Corporation Act (British Columbia) where such statute is used by a Person to propose an arrangement and any Applicable Law of any jurisdiction permitting a debtor to obtain a stay or a compromise of the claims of its creditors against it. Intellectual Property shall mean property constituting a patent, copyright, trademark (or any application in respect of the foregoing), service mark, trade name, mask work, trade secrets, design right, industrial designs, assumed name or license or other right to use any of the foregoing under Applicable Law. Intellectual Property Claim shall mean the assertion, by any means, by any Person of a claim that any Loan Party s ownership, use, marketing, sale or distribution of any Inventory, Equipment, Intellectual Property or other property or asset is violative of any ownership of or right to use any Intellectual Property of such Person. Intercreditor Agreement shall mean that certain Intercreditor Agreement dated as of the Closing Date among Agent, the Loan Parties and EICF/CION Term Loan Agent, on behalf of itself and the EICF/CION Term Loan Lenders, as such agreement may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Interest Expense shall mean, for any Person for any period, the aggregate interest expense of such Person for such period, determined in accordance with GAAP. Interest Expense shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred for ordinary course working capital needs under ordinary course revolving credit facilities) incurred, assumed or permanently repaid or extinguished at any time on or after the first day of the measuring period and prior to the date of determination in connection with any Permitted Acquisitions and Dispositions (other than any Dispositions in the Ordinary Course of Business) as if such incurrence, assumption, repayment or extinguishing had been effected on the first day of such period. Interest Period shall mean the period provided for any Term SOFR Rate Loan pursuant to Section 2.2(b) hereof. Interest Rate Hedge shall mean an interest rate exchange, collar, cap, swap, floor, adjustable strike cap, adjustable strike corridor, cross-currency swap or similar agreements entered into by any Loan Party and/or its Subsidiaries in order to provide protection to, or minimize the impact upon, such Loan Party and/or its Subsidiaries of increasing floating rates of interest applicable to Indebtedness. 
 32 

 Interest Rate Hedge Obligations shall mean the Indebtedness of a Loan Party and its Subsidiaries owing to the provider of any Interest Rate Hedge. For purposes of this Agreement and all of the Other Documents, all Interest Rate Hedge Obligations of any Loan Party or Subsidiary that is party to any Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedge shall be Obligations hereunder and under the Other Documents, except to the extent constituting Excluded Hedge Liabilities of such Person, and the Liens securing such Interest Rate Hedge Obligations shall be pari passu with the Liens securing all other Obligations under this Agreement and the Other Documents, subject to the express provisions of Section 11.6 hereof. Internal Revenue Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and any successor statute of similar import, and the rules and regulations thereunder, as from time to time in effect. Inventory shall mean and include as to each Loan Party all of such Loan Party s inventory (as defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code) and all of such Loan Party s goods, merchandise and other personal property, wherever located, to be furnished under any consignment arrangement, contract of service or held for sale or lease, all raw materials, work in process, finished goods and materials and supplies of any kind, nature or description which are or might be used or consumed in such Loan Party s business or used in selling or furnishing such goods, merchandise and other personal property, and all Documents. Investment Property shall mean and include, with respect to any Person, all of such Person s now owned or hereafter acquired securities (whether certificated or uncertificated), securities entitlements, securities accounts, commodities contracts and commodities accounts, and any other asset or right that would constitute investment property under the Uniform Commercial Code. Issuer shall mean (a) Agent in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit under this Agreement and (b) any other Lender which Agent in its discretion shall designate as the issuer of and cause to issue any particular Letter of Credit under this Agreement in place of Agent as issuer. JV Receivable shall mean a Receivable of a Borrower arising from the sale of goods or the rendition of services by such Borrower to a Joint Venture, provided such Joint Venture constitutes a legal entity organized or formed under the laws of the United States or any State thereof, including, by way of illustration, a corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership, but excluding a sole proprietorship or unincorporated association. Joint Venture shall mean any joint venture or partnership between any Loan Party, on the one hand, and any other Person, on the other hand. Koontz-Wagner shall mean Koontz-Wagner Custom Controls Holdings LLC, an Indiana limited liability company, which Person (i) is a subsidiary of Holdings, (ii) filed a voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 7 of Title 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas on July 11, 2018, and (iii) has been administratively dissolved, effective as of February 5, 2019. 
 33 

 Law(s) shall mean any law(s) (including common law and equitable principles), constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule, ordinance, opinion, issued guidance, code, release, ruling, order, executive order, injunction, writ, decree, bond, judgment, authorization or approval, lien or award of or any settlement arrangement, by agreement, consent or otherwise, with any Governmental Body, foreign or domestic. Leasehold Interests shall mean all of each Loan Party s right, title and interest in and to, and as lessee of, the premises identified as leased Real Property on Schedule 4.4(b)(iv) hereto. Lender and Lenders shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include each Person which becomes a transferee, successor or assign of any Lender. For the purposes of any provision of this Agreement or any Other Document which provides for the granting of a security interest or other Lien to Agent for the benefit of Lenders as security for the Obligations, Lenders shall include any Affiliate of a Lender to which such Obligation (specifically including any Hedge Obligations and any Cash Management Obligations) is owed. Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedge shall mean a Foreign Currency Hedge which is provided by any Lender and for which such Lender confirms to Agent in writing prior to the execution thereof that it: (a) is documented in a standard International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. Master Agreement or another reasonable and customary manner; (b) provides for the method of calculating the reimbursable amount of such Lender s credit exposure in a reasonable and customary manner; and (c) is entered into for hedging (rather than speculative) purposes. Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedge shall mean an Interest Rate Hedge which is provided by any Lender and with respect to which such Lender confirms to Agent in writing prior to the execution thereof that it: (a) is documented in a standard International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. Master Agreement or another reasonable and customary manner; (b) provides for the method of calculating the reimbursable amount of such Lender s credit exposure in a reasonable and customary manner; and (c) is entered into for hedging (rather than speculative) purposes. Letter of Credit Application shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(a) hereof. Letter of Credit Borrowing shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(d) hereof. Letter of Credit Approved Currencies shall mean, collectively, U.S. Dollars and Canadian Dollars. Letter of Credit Fees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2 hereof. Letter of Credit Sublimit shall mean the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of 2,000,000. Letters of Credit shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.11 hereof. 
 34 

 Leverage Ratio shall mean, for any Person for any period of determination, the ratio of (a) Funded Debt of such Person on the last day of such period to (b) EBITDA of such Person for such period. License Agreement shall mean any agreement between any Loan Party and a Licensor pursuant to which such Loan Party is authorized to use any Intellectual Property in connection with the manufacturing, marketing, sale or other distribution of any Inventory of such Loan Party or otherwise in connection with such Loan Party s business operations. Licensor shall mean any Person from whom any Loan Party obtains the right to use (whether on an exclusive or non-exclusive basis) any Intellectual Property in connection with such Loan Party s manufacture, marketing, sale or other distribution of any Inventory or otherwise in connection with such Loan Party s business operations. Licensor/Agent Agreement shall mean an agreement between Agent and a Licensor, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, by which Agent is given the unqualified right, vis- -vis such Licensor, to enforce Agent s Liens with respect to and to dispose of any Loan Party s Inventory with the benefit of any Intellectual Property applicable thereto, irrespective of such Loan Party s default under any License Agreement with such Licensor. Lien shall mean any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, security interest, lien or adverse right or claim or deemed trust (whether statutory or otherwise), Charge, claim or encumbrance, or preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement held or asserted in respect of any asset of any kind or nature whatsoever including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the filing of, or agreement to give, any financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code or comparable law of any jurisdiction. Lien Waiver Agreement shall mean an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent which is executed in favor of Agent by a Person who owns or occupies premises at which any Collateral may be located from time to time. LLC Division shall mean, in the event a Loan Party is a limited liability company, (a) the division of such Loan Party into two or more newly formed limited liability companies (whether or not such Loan Party is a surviving entity following any such division) pursuant to Section 18-217 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or any similar provision under any similar act governing limited liability companies organized under the laws of any other State or Commonwealth or of the District of Columbia, or (b) the adoption of a plan contemplating, or the filing of any certificate with any applicable Governmental Body that results or may result in, any such division. Loan Party or Loan Parties shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include their respective successors and permitted assigns. Material Adverse Effect shall mean a material adverse effect on (a) the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, assets, business, properties of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, (b) the ability the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to pay or perform the Obligations in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or any Other Documents, as the case 
 35 

 may be, (c) the value of the Collateral, or Agent s Liens on the Collateral or the priority of any such Lien or (d) the practical realization of the benefits of Agent s and each Lender s rights and remedies under this Agreement and the Other Documents. Material Contract shall mean any contract, agreement, instrument, permit, lease or license, written or oral, of any Loan Party, which the termination (prior to the scheduled maturity or termination thereof, and other than as a result of the satisfaction of all contractual obligations thereunder), failure to comply with would, or could reasonably be expected to, result in a Material Adverse Effect. Material Owned Property means (a) the Real Property owned by any Loan Party and listed as Material Owned Real Property on Schedule 4.4(b)(iv) hereto and (b) any other Real Property owned by any Loan Party or acquired by a Loan Party with a fair market value in excess of 1,000,000. Maximum Revolving Advance Amount shall mean an amount equal to the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of 30,000,000. Maximum Swing Loan Advance Amount shall mean an amount equal to the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of 3,000,000. Maximum Undrawn Amount shall mean, with respect to any outstanding Letter of Credit as of any date, the amount equal to the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of such Letter of Credit that is or may become available to be drawn, including all automatic increases provided for in such Letter of Credit, whether or not any such automatic increase has become effective. Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.3(d) hereof. Multiemployer Plan shall mean a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which contributions are required or, within the preceding five plan years, were required by any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group. Multiple Employer Plan shall mean a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA. Net Cash Proceeds shall mean: (a) with respect to any Disposition of Collateral (other than Equity Interests), by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, the aggregate cash proceeds (including cash proceeds received pursuant to policies of insurance and by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note, installment receivable or otherwise, but only as and when received) received by such Loan Party or Subsidiary pursuant to such Disposition net of (i) the reasonable direct costs related to such Disposition (including sales commissions and legal, accounting and investment banking fees, commissions and expenses), (ii) any portion of such proceeds deposited in an escrow account pursuant to the documents relating to such Disposition (provided that such amounts shall be treated as Net Cash Proceeds upon their release from such escrow account to any Loan Party), (iii) Taxes paid or reasonably estimated by any Loan Party to 
 36 

 be payable as a result thereof (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements), and (iv) amounts required to be applied to the repayment of any Indebtedness secured by a Permitted Encumbrance prior to the Lien of Agent on the asset subject to such Disposition, all of the costs and expenses reasonably incurred in connection with the collection of such proceeds, award or other payments, and any amounts retained by or paid to parties having superior rights to such proceeds, awards or other payments; and (b) with respect to the Disposition of Equity Interests or the incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, the excess of (i) the sum of the cash and Cash Equivalents received by such Loan Party or Subsidiary in connection with such transaction over (ii) the underwriting discounts and commissions, and other reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses, incurred by such Loan Party or Subsidiary in connection therewith. Net Income shall be defined in accordance with GAAP and as applied in preparation of the audited financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, provided that, the net income (or loss) of a Permitted Joint Venture shall be included in the Net Income of such Person, and, in the case of the net income of such Permitted Joint Venture, solely to the extent such net income is distributed to such Person. Non-Defaulting Lender shall mean, at any time, any Revolving Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. Non-Qualifying Party shall mean any Loan Party that on the Eligibility Date fails for any reason to qualify as an Eligible Contract Participant. Notes shall mean, collectively, the Revolving Credit Note and the Swing Loan Note. Obligations shall mean and include any and all loans (including without limitation, all Advances), advances, debts, liabilities, obligations (including without limitation all reimbursement obligations and cash collateralization obligations with respect to Letters of Credit issued hereunder), covenants and duties owing by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party to Issuers, Swing Loan Lender, Lenders or Agent (or to any other direct or indirect subsidiary or affiliate of any Issuer, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Agent) of any kind or nature, present or future (including all principal, all accrued and unpaid interest or other amounts accruing thereon, any fees accruing under or in connection therewith, any costs and expenses of any Person payable by any Loan Party and any indemnification obligations payable by any Loan Party arising or payable after maturity, or after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding relating to any Loan Party under any Insolvency Laws, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest, fees or other amounts is allowable or allowed in such proceeding), whether or not evidenced by any note, guaranty or other instrument, whether arising under any agreement, instrument or document (including this Agreement, the Other Documents, Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedges, Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedges and any Cash Management Products and Services) whether or not for the payment of money, whether arising by reason of an extension of credit, opening or issuance of a letter of credit, loan, equipment lease, establishment of any commercial card or similar facility or guarantee, under any interest or currency swap, future, option or other similar agreement, or in any other manner, whether arising out of overdrafts or deposit or other accounts or electronic funds transfers (whether through automated clearing houses or otherwise) 
 37 

 or out of Agent s or any Lender s non-receipt of or inability to collect funds or otherwise not being made whole in connection with depository transfer check or other similar arrangements, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assignment or participation), absolute or contingent, joint or several, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, contractual or tortious, liquidated or unliquidated, regardless of how such indebtedness or liabilities arise or by what agreement or instrument they may be evidenced or whether evidenced by any agreement or instrument, including, but not limited to, (i) any and all of any Loan Party s Indebtedness and/or liabilities (and any and all indebtedness, obligations and/or liabilities of any Subsidiary of any Loan Party) under this Agreement, the Other Documents or under any other agreement between Issuers, Agent or Lenders and any Loan Party and any amendments, extensions, renewals or increases and all costs and expenses of any Issuer, Agent and any Lender incurred in the documentation, negotiation, modification, enforcement, collection or otherwise in connection with any of the foregoing, including but not limited to attorneys fees and expenses and all obligations of any Loan Party to Issuers, Agent or Lenders to perform acts or refrain from taking any action, (ii) all Hedge Obligations and (iii) all Cash Management Obligations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the foregoing, the Obligations shall not include any Excluded Hedge Liabilities. Ordinary Course of Business shall mean, with respect to any Loan Party, the ordinary course of such Loan Party s business as conducted on the Closing Date. Organizational Documents shall mean, with respect to any Person, any charter, articles or certificate of incorporation, certificate of organization, registration or formation, certificate of partnership or limited partnership, bylaws, operating agreement, limited liability company agreement, or partnership agreement of such Person and any and all other applicable documents relating to such Person s formation, organization or entity governance matters (including any shareholders or equity holders agreement or voting trust agreement) and specifically includes, without limitation, any certificates of designation for preferred stock or other forms of preferred equity. Other Documents shall mean the Notes, the Perfection Certificate, the Certificate of Beneficial Ownership, the Fee Letter, any Guaranty, any Guarantor Security Agreement, any Pledge Agreement, the Canadian Security Agreements, any Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedge, any Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedge, any Cash Management Products and Services, and any and all other agreements, instruments and documents, including the Intercreditor Agreement, other intercreditor agreements, guaranties, pledges, powers of attorney, consents, interest or currency swap agreements or other similar agreements and all other agreements, documents or instruments heretofore, now or hereafter executed by any Loan Party and/or delivered to Agent or any Lender in respect of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, in each case together with all amendments, modifications, supplements, renewals, extensions, restatements, substitutions and replacements thereto and thereof. Other Taxes shall mean all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing, other excise or property Taxes or similar Taxes, charges or similar levies that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or 
 38 

 registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any Other Document. Out-of-Formula Loans shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.2(d) hereof. Overnight Bank Funding Rate shall mean, for any, day the rate per annum (based on a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed) comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurocurrency borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as set forth on its public website from time to time, and as published on the next succeeding Business Day as the overnight bank funding rate by such Federal Reserve Bank (or by such other recognized electronic source (such as Bloomberg) selected by Agent for the purpose of displaying such rate) (an Alternate Source provided, that if such day is not a Business Day, the Overnight Bank Funding Rate for such day shall be such rate on the immediately preceding Business Day; provided, further, that if such rate shall at any time, for any reason, no longer exist, a comparable replacement rate determined by Agent at such time (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error). If the Overnight Bank Funding Rate determined as set forth above would be less than zero, then such rate shall be deemed to be zero. The rate of interest charged shall be adjusted as of each Business Day based on changes in the Overnight Bank Funding Rate without notice to the Borrowers. Parent of any Person shall mean a corporation or other entity owning, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50 or more of the Equity Interests issued by such Person having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the directors of such Person, or other Persons performing similar functions for any such Person. Participant shall mean each Person who shall be granted the right by any Lender to participate in any of the Advances and who shall have entered into a participation agreement in form and substance satisfactory to such Lender. Participation Advance shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(d) hereof. Participation Commitment shall mean the obligation hereunder of each Revolving Lender to buy a participation equal to its Revolving Commitment Percentage (subject to any reallocation pursuant to Section 2.22(b)(iii) hereof) in the Swing Loans made by Swing Loan Lender hereunder as provided for in Section 2.4(c) hereof and in the Letters of Credit issued hereunder as provided for in Section 2.14(a) hereof. Payment in Full or Paid in Full shall mean, with respect to the Obligations, the indefeasible payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all of the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which a claim has not been made) in cash or in other immediately available funds; provided that (a) in the case of any Obligations with respect to outstanding Letters of Credit, in lieu of the payment in full in cash, the delivery of cash collateral or a backstop letter of credit in form and substance satisfactory to the applicable Issuer in an amount equal to 105 of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit shall constitute payment in full of such Obligations and (b) in the case of any Obligations with respect to Cash Management Products and Services and any Lender-Provided Interest Rate 
 39 

 Hedges or Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedges, in lieu of the payment in full in cash, the delivery of cash collateral in such amounts as shall be required by the applicable Lender or other arrangements in form and substance satisfactory to such Lender in respect thereof shall constitute payment in full of such Obligations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that, after receipt of any payment of, or proceeds of Collateral applied to the payment of, any of the Obligations, Agent or any Lender is required to surrender or return such payment or proceeds to any Person for any reason, then the Obligations intended to be satisfied by such payment or proceeds shall be reinstated and continue as if such payment or proceeds had not been received by Agent or such Lender. Payment Office shall mean initially Two Tower Center Boulevard, East Brunswick, New Jersey 08816; thereafter, such other office of Agent, if any, which it may designate by notice to Borrowing Agent and to each Lender to be the Payment Office. PBGC shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA or any successor. Pension Benefit Plan shall mean at any time any employee pension benefit plan as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA (including a Multiple Employer Plan, but not a Multiemployer Plan) which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412, 430 or 436 of the Internal Revenue Code and either (i) is maintained or to which contributions are required by any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group or (ii) has at any time within the preceding five years been maintained or to which contributions have been required by a Loan Party or any entity which was at such time a member of the Controlled Group. Perfection Certificate shall mean the information questionnaire and the responses thereto provided by each Loan Party and delivered to Agent. Permitted Assignees shall mean: (a) Agent, any Lender or any of their direct or indirect Affiliates; (b) a federal or state chartered bank (including its Canadian Affiliates or branches), a United States branch of a foreign bank, an insurance company, or any finance company generally engaged in the business of making commercial loans; (c) any fund that is administered or managed by Agent or any Lender, an Affiliate of Agent or any Lender or a related entity; and (d) any Person to whom Agent or any Lender assigns its rights and obligations under this Agreement as part of an assignment and transfer of such Agent s or Lender s rights in and to a material portion of Agent s or such Lender s portfolio of asset-based credit facilities; provided, that in no event shall (x) a natural person or (y) Holdings or any of its Affiliates be a Permitted Assignee provided, further, that so long as no Event of Default pursuant to Section 10.1 or 10.7 hereof has occurred and is continuing, no Competitor shall be an Permitted Assignee . Permitted Acquisitions shall mean any transaction for the (a) acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets or property of any Person, or of any business or division of any Person; or (b) acquisition (including by merger or consolidation) of the Equity Interests of any Person (a Target ): (a) no Default or Event of Default then exists or would result therefrom; 
 40 

 (b) the total costs and liabilities including, without limitation, all assumed liabilities, all earn-out payments, deferred or future payments and the value of any other stock or assets transferred, assigned or encumbered with respect to such acquisitions (the Acquisition Consideration of all such acquisitions do not exceed 5,000,000 in the aggregate during the Term; provided that (i) any Equity Interests constituting all or a portion of such Acquisition Consideration shall not have a cash dividend requirement on or prior to the end of the Term, (ii) any earn-out payments or deferred or future payments shall be subject to a Subordination Agreement in favor of Agent subordinating payment of such earn-out payments or deferred or future payments to Agent and such payment obligations shall be unsecured; and provided , further , that any future payment part of any Acquisition Consideration that is subject to a contingency shall be considered Acquisition Consideration only to the extent of the reserve, if any, required under GAAP at the time of such sale to be established in respect thereof by any Loan Party; (c) the Loan Parties shall have delivered to Agent a pro forma balance sheet, pro forma financial statements and a Compliance Certificate demonstrating that, both prior to and upon giving effect to such acquisition, (i) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of Holdings on a Consolidated Basis, would be not less than 1.10 to 1.00 and (ii) Holdings and its Subsidiaries have a Leverage Ratio of not greater than 3.25 to 1.00, in each case of (i) and (ii) on a Pro Forma Basis measured as of the most recent fiscal quarter end on a trailing four (4) fiscal quarter basis for which the Agent shall have received the financial statements required to be delivered to it pursuant to Section 9.8 hereof and (iii) Borrowers have Undrawn Availability of not less than 7,500,000; (d) unless the Agent shall otherwise agree, Borrowers shall have provided the Agent with (i) historical financial statements for the last three Fiscal Years (or, if less, the number of years since formation) of the Target or business to be acquired (audited if available without undue cost or delay) and unaudited financial statements thereof for the most recent interim period which are available, (ii) reasonably detailed projections for the succeeding three years pertaining to the Target or business to be acquired and updated projections for the Loan Parties after giving effect to such transaction, (iii) a reasonably detailed description of all material information relating thereto and copies of all material documentation pertaining to such transaction, and (iv) all such other information and data relating to such transaction or the Target or business to be acquired as may be reasonably requested by the Agent; (e) no Loan Party shall, in connection with any such transaction, assume or remain liable with respect to any Indebtedness or other liability (including any material tax or ERISA liability) of the related seller or the business, Person or properties acquired, except obligations not constituting Indebtedness incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business and necessary or desirable to the continued operation of the underlying properties, and any other such liabilities or obligations not permitted to be assumed or otherwise supported by any Loan Party hereunder shall be paid in full or released as to the business, persons or properties being so acquired on or before the consummation of such acquisition; (f) with respect to the acquisition of Equity Interests, the Target shall (i) have a positive EBITDA, calculated in accordance with GAAP immediately prior to such acquisition, (ii) be added as a Borrower or a Guarantor (as Agent shall determine in its Permitted Discretion) 
 41 

 and be jointly and severally liable for all Obligations, and (iii) grant to Agent a first priority Lien in all of its assets; (g) if such acquisition includes general partnership interests or any other Equity Interest that does not have a corporate (or similar) limitation on liability of the owners thereof, then such acquisition shall be effected by having such Equity Interests acquired by a corporate holding company directly or indirectly wholly-owned by a Loan Party and newly formed for the sole purpose of effecting such acquisition; (h) the Target or business to be acquired shall be, or shall be engaged in, a business of the type that the Loan Parties are permitted to be engaged in under Section 5.18; (i) Agent shall have received a first priority Lien in all acquired assets or Equity Interests which do not constitute Excluded Property, subject to documentation satisfactory to Agent, and the property acquired in connection with any such transaction shall be free and clear of any Liens, other than Permitted Encumbrances; (j) the board of directors (or other comparable governing body) of the Target shall have duly approved the acquisition; (k) all transactions in connection therewith shall be consummated in accordance with all Applicable Law; (l) at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed date of consummation of the transaction, Borrower shall have delivered to the Agent certificate from the President, Chief Financial Officer of Controller of the Loan Parties certifying that (i) such transaction complies with this definition (which shall have attached thereto reasonably detailed backup data and calculations showing such compliance), and (ii) such transaction could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and (m) no assets acquired in any such acquisition shall be included in the Formula Amount until Agent has received a field examination and/or appraisal of such assets, in form and substance acceptable to Agent. Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary shall mean a Captive Insurance Subsidiary that Agent has approved as a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary pursuant to Section 7.12(b). Permitted Discretion shall mean a determination made in good faith and in the exercise (from the perspective of a secured asset-based lender) of commercially reasonable business judgment. Permitted Encumbrances shall mean: (a) Liens in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, including without limitation, Liens securing Hedge Obligations and Cash Management Products and Services; (b) Liens for taxes, assessments, Priority Payables or other governmental charges not delinquent for a period of more than thirty (30) days (provided any such Liens in respect of Priority Payables have not been registered and/or are not being enforced) or being Properly Contested and a Reserve has been established against the Formula Amount; (c) deposits or pledges to secure obligations under worker s compensation, social security or similar 
 42 

 laws, or under unemployment insurance (but not any Liens being registered or enforced in respect of any Priority Payables); (d) deposits or pledges to secure bids, tenders, contracts (other than contracts for the payment of money), leases, statutory obligations, surety, stay, indemnity, customs and appeal bonds and other obligations of like nature (including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations) arising in the Ordinary Course of Business; (e) Liens arising by virtue of the rendition, entry or issuance against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or any property of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, of any judgment, writ, order or decree to the extent the rendition, entry, issuance or continued existence of such judgment, writ, order or decree (or any event or circumstance relating thereto) has not resulted in the occurrence of an Event of Default under Section 10.6 hereof; (f) carriers , warehousemen s, suppliers , mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s or other similar liens arising in the Ordinary Course of Business and securing indebtedness not yet due and payable or overdue for more than thirty (30) days or being Properly Contested and adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person to the extent required in accordance with GAAP; (g) Liens securing Indebtedness under clause (b) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness provided that (i) any such Lien shall not encumber any other property of any Loan Party other than the property financed by such Debt, replacements thereof and additions and accessions to such property and the proceeds thereof and customary security deposits and (ii) the aggregate amount of Indebtedness secured by such Liens incurred as a result of such purchases during any fiscal year shall not exceed the amount permitted by such clause (b) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness (h) other Liens incidental to the conduct of any Loan Party s business or the ownership of its property and assets which were not incurred in connection with the borrowing of money or the obtaining of advances or credit, and which do not in the aggregate materially detract from Agent s or Lenders rights in and to the Collateral or the value of any Loan Party s property or assets or which do not materially impair the use thereof in the operation of any Loan Party s business; (i) easements, rights-of-way, zoning restrictions, minor defects or irregularities in title and other charges or encumbrances, in each case, which do not interfere in any material respect with the Ordinary Course of Business of the Loan Parties; (j) Liens granted to EICF/CION Term Loan Agent to secure the Obligations arising under, and as such term is defined in, the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement; provided that such Liens are subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement; (k) Liens listed on Schedule 1.2 hereto, including the modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof; provided that (i) such Liens shall secure only those obligations which they secure on the Closing Date and shall not subsequently apply to any other property or assets of any Loan Party other than the property and assets to which they apply as of the Closing Date and (ii) such renewal, extension or refinancing of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens is permitted by Section 7.8 hereof; (l) Liens that are contractual rights of set-off (i) solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by any Loan Party, in each case, which set-off rights are granted in the Ordinary Course of Business in favor of the depository bank or financial institution with which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts owing to such bank or institution with respect to cash management and operating account arrangements, including those involving pooled accounts and netting arrangements, (ii) solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by any Loan Party, in each case, which set-off rights relate to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of any Loan Party to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business or (iii) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of any Loan Party in the 
 43 

 Ordinary Course of Business; (m) the filing of Uniform Commercial Code and PPSA financing statements solely as a precautionary measure in connection with operating leases entered into by Holdings and its Subsidiaries in the Ordinary Course of Business; (n) Liens in connection with the cash collateralization of the Existing Letters of Credit (and any replacements thereof), so long as the amount secured thereunder does not exceed 105 of the aggregate face amount of such Existing Letters of Credit; (or such replacement letters of credit); (o) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of applicable Law and in the Ordinary Course of Business to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; (p) non-exclusive licenses of patents, trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the Ordinary Course of Business and not interfering in any material respect with the business of any Credit Loan Party; and (q) Liens on the Collateral as such term is defined in the Capital Provision Agreement in effect on the Closing Date securing the Indebtedness permitted under clause (n) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness . Furthermore, it is hereby understood and agreed by the parties hereto that the definition and use of the term Permitted Encumbrances herein shall mean that such encumbrances are permitted to exist but shall in no way be interpreted to mean that such encumbrances are entitled to any priority over Agent s security interests and Liens and the Loan Parties hereby specifically and expressly acknowledge and agree that any such encumbrances not properly perfected under Applicable Law shall not be entitled to priority over Agent s security interests and Liens and that this Agreement is not intended and shall not confer any rights upon any Person whatsoever who is not a party to this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, a Permitted Encumbrance shall not include a Lien or statutory deemed trust in respect of or arising in connection with a Canadian Pension Plan or Canadian Union Plan. Permitted Indebtedness shall mean: (a) the Obligations; (b) Indebtedness (i) incurred for Capital Expenditures permitted in Section 7.6 hereof and (ii) with respect to (x) Capitalized Lease Obligations existing on the Closing Date as specified on Schedule 1.3 hereto and (y) additional Capitalized Lease Obligations incurred after the Closing Date and purchase money Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not to exceed 250,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding; provided that any such Indebtedness (A) in the case of additional Capitalized Lease Obligations or purchase money Indebtedness, shall be secured by the asset subject to such additional Capitalized Lease Obligations or acquired asset in connection with the incurrence of such Indebtedness, as the case may be, and (B) in the case of purchase money Indebtedness, shall constitute not less than 75 of the aggregate consideration paid with respect to such asset; (c) any guarantees of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.3 hereof; (d) any Indebtedness on the Closing Date listed on Schedule 5.8(b) hereto, including (i) renewals and extensions (but not increases) expressly provided for in the agreements evidencing any such Indebtedness as the same are in effect on the date of this Agreement, and (ii) refinancings and extensions (but not increases) of any such Indebtedness if the terms and conditions thereof are not less favorable to the obligor thereon or to the Lenders than the Indebtedness being refinanced or extended, and the average life to maturity thereof is greater than or equal to that of the Indebtedness being refinanced or extended; (e) Interest Rate Hedges and Foreign Currency Hedges that are entered into by a Loan Party to hedge its risks with respect to outstanding Indebtedness of such Loan Party and not for speculative or investment purposes so long as such Interest Rate Hedges and Foreign Currency Hedges that are not Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedges or Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedges are unsecured; (f) Indebtedness outstanding under the EICF/CION Loan Documents in an aggregate amount not exceeding the Maximum Priority Term Loan 
 44 

 Debt (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement), provided that such Indebtedness is subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement; (g) intercompany Indebtedness owing from one or more Loan Parties (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) to any other one or more Loan Parties (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) in accordance with clause (c) of the definition of Permitted Loans (h) Indebtedness incurred by any Loan Party in respect of performance bonds, surety bonds, completion guarantees, appeal bonds, bid bonds, in each case incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business, and reimbursement obligations in respect of any of the foregoing, warehouse receipts or similar instruments issued or created in the Ordinary Course of Business, including in respect of workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement-type obligations regarding workers compensation claims; (i) unsecured Indebtedness incurred by any Loan Party in respect of accounts payable to trade creditors for goods and services and current operating liabilities (not the result of the borrowing of money) incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business in accordance with customary terms and paid within the specified time, unless contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and reserved for substantially in accordance with GAAP; (j) unsecured Indebtedness (other than for borrowed money) that may be deemed to exist pursuant to any bona fide warranty or contractual service obligations or performance in the Ordinary Course of Business of any Loan Party; (k) the Existing Letters of Credit (and any replacements thereof); (l) the Permitted Koontz-Wagner Pension Plan Obligations; (m) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Capital Provision Agreement in effect on the Closing Date; and (n) Indebtedness of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof not otherwise permitted pursuant to clauses (a) through (m) above, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 500,000 at any time outstanding. Permitted Investments shall mean investments in: (a) obligations issued or guaranteed by the United States or the federal government of Canada or any agency thereof; (b) commercial paper with maturities of not more than 180 days and a published rating of not less than A-1 or P-1 (or the equivalent rating); (c) certificates of time deposit and bankers acceptances having maturities of not more than 180 days and repurchase agreements backed by United States or Canadian federal government securities of a commercial bank if (i) such bank has a combined capital and surplus of at least 500,000,000, or (ii) its debt obligations, or those of a holding company of which it is a Subsidiary, are rated not less than A (or the equivalent rating) by a nationally recognized investment rating agency; (d) U.S. money market funds that invest solely in obligations issued or guaranteed by the United States or an agency thereof; (e) Permitted Loans; (f) investments by any Loan Party in cash and Cash Equivalents, (g) (i) equity investments owned as of the Closing Date in any Subsidiary and disclosed on Schedule 5.2(b) and (ii) other investments made after the Closing Date in any Subsidiary that is a Loan Party (other than an Inactive Subsidiary); (h) to the extent constituting investments, those expressly permitted under Sections 7.1, 7.2, 7.7 and 7.8 hereof, respectively, and Capital Expenditures; provided, however, that no investments may be made solely pursuant to this clause (h); (i) promissory notes and other non-cash consideration received in connection with Dispositions permitted by Section 7.1 hereof; (j) investments in the form of advances to subcontractors in the Ordinary Course of Business; (k) investments received in the form of settlement of amounts due in the Ordinary Course of Business or owing to any Loan Party as a result of insolvency proceedings involving an account debtor or upon the foreclosure or enforcement of any Lien in favor of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries; (l) Equity Interests or other securities acquired in connection with the satisfaction or enforcement of Indebtedness or claims due or owing to a 
 45 

 Loan Party or its Subsidiaries (in bankruptcy of customers or suppliers or otherwise outside the Ordinary Course of Business) or as security for any such Indebtedness or claims; (m) to the extent no Default or Event of Default has occurred or would result therefrom, initial capital contribution(s) to any Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary, in an aggregate amount for all such Permitted Captive Insurance Companies not to exceed 250,000; and (n) investments not otherwise permitted pursuant to clauses (a) through (m) above, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 500,000 at any time outstanding; provided that, immediately before and immediately after giving pro forma effect to any such investments permitted pursuant to this clause (n), no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred. Permitted Joint Venture means any Joint Venture, so long as (a) immediately prior to and after giving pro forma effect to the formation and capitalization of such Joint Venture, no Default or Event of Default exists; (b) the assets, businesses or activities of the Joint Venture are consistent with the then-current business plan of the Loan Parties; (c) no Indebtedness or Liens are assumed or incurred by any Loan Party as a result of the formation and capitalization of, or as a result of any subsequent Investment in, the Joint Venture, except as otherwise permitted hereunder; and (d) such Loan Party, the Joint Venture or the customer or customers of the Joint Venture shall obtain customary liability and commercial insurance, in amounts and from a reputable insurer as may be necessary for prudent execution of the work by the Joint Venture. Permitted Koontz-Wagner Pension Plan Obligations shall mean obligations of the Loan Parties in an aggregate amount not to exceed 2,700,000 for their obligations arising under the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local Union 1392 multi-employer pension plan of Koontz-Wagner. Permitted Loans shall mean: (a) the extension of trade credit by a Loan Party (other than an Inactive Subsidiary) to its Customers in the Ordinary Course of Business in connection with a sale of Inventory or rendition of services, in each case on open account terms; (b) loans to employees of a Loan Party (other than an Inactive Subsidiary) in the Ordinary Course of Business not to exceed as to all such loans the aggregate amount of 50,000 at any time outstanding; and (c) intercompany loans between and among the Loan Parties (other than Inactive Subsidiaries), so long as, at the request of Agent, each such intercompany loan is evidenced by a promissory note (including, if applicable, any master intercompany note executed by the Loan Parties) on terms and conditions (including terms subordinating payment of the Indebtedness evidenced by such note to the prior Payment in Full of all of the Obligations) reasonably acceptable to Agent in its sole discretion that has been delivered to Agent either endorsed in blank or together with an undated instrument of transfer executed in blank by the applicable Loan Parties that are the payees on such note. Person shall mean any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, corporation, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, association, limited and unlimited liability company, limited liability partnership, institution, public benefit corporation, joint venture, entity or Governmental Body (whether federal, state, county, city, municipal or otherwise, including any instrumentality, division, agency, body or department thereof). Plan shall mean any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (including a Pension Benefit Plan and a Multiemployer Plan, as defined herein) 
 46 

 maintained by any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group or to which any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group is required to contribute. Pledge Agreement shall mean that certain Collateral Pledge Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by Holdings, WISG and WISG Canada in favor of Agent, and any other pledge agreements executed and delivered by any other Person subsequent to the Closing Date to secure the Obligations, as each may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. PNC shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall extend to all of its successors and assigns. Power shall mean Global Power Professional Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation. PPSA shall mean, collectively, the Personal Property Security Act (Ontario), the Civil Code of Quebec, as amended, supplemented, restated and superseded, or any other applicable Canadian federal or provincial statute pertaining to the granting, perfecting, priority or ranking of security interests, liens, hypothecs on personal and moveable property, and any successor statutes, together with any regulations thereunder, in each case as in effect from time to time. References to sections of the PPSA shall be construed to also refer to any successor sections. Priority Payables shall mean (a) the full amount of the liabilities of any Loan Party which (i) have a trust imposed to provide for payment or a security interest, pledge, Lien, hypothec or charge ranking or capable of ranking senior to or pari passu with security interests, Liens, hypothecs or charges securing the Obligations on any Collateral under any federal, provincial, state, county, district, municipal, local or foreign law or (ii) have a right imposed to provide for payment ranking or capable of ranking senior to or pari passu with the Obligations under federal, provincial, state, county, district, municipal, local or foreign law, regulation or directive, including, but not limited to, claims for unremitted and/or accelerated rents, taxes, wages, withholdings taxes, value added taxes, amounts payable to an insolvency administrator, employee withholdings or deductions, vacation pay, severance and termination pay, workers compensation obligations, government royalties or pension obligations in each case to the extent such trust, or security interest, Lien hypothec or charge has been or may be imposed, including under the Wage Earner Protection Program Act (Canada), and (b) the amount equal to the aggregate value of the Inventory which the Agent, in good faith, and on a reasonable basis, considers is or may be subject to retention of title by a supplier or a right of a supplier to recover possession thereof, where such supplier s right has priority over the security interests, liens, hypothecs or charges securing the Obligations, including, without limitation, Inventory subject to a right of a supplier to repossess goods pursuant to Section 81.1 of the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada) or any applicable laws granting revendication or similar rights to unpaid suppliers or any similar laws of Canada or any other applicable jurisdiction. Pro Forma Balance Sheet shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.5(a) hereof. Pro Forma Basis shall mean on a basis in accordance with GAAP and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Agent. 
 47 

 Pro Forma Financial Statements shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.5(b) hereof. Projections shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.5(b) hereof. Properly Contested shall mean, in the case of any Indebtedness, Lien or Taxes, as applicable, of any Person that are not paid as and when due or payable by reason of such Person s bona fide dispute concerning its liability to pay the same or concerning the amount thereof: (a) such Indebtedness, Lien or Taxes, as applicable, are being properly contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted; (b) the Agent has established Reserves hereunder and such Person has established reserves as shall be required in conformity with GAAP; (c) the non-payment of such Indebtedness or Taxes will not have a Material Adverse Effect or will not result in the forfeiture of any assets of such Person; (d) no Lien, other than Liens for Priority Payables, is imposed upon any of such Person s assets with respect to such Indebtedness or taxes unless such Lien (x) does not attach to any Receivables or Inventory, (y) is at all times junior and subordinate in priority to the Liens in favor of Agent (except only with respect to property Taxes that have priority as a matter of applicable state law) and, (z) enforcement of such Lien is stayed during the period prior to the final resolution or disposition of such dispute; and (e) if such Indebtedness or Lien, as applicable, results from, or is determined by the entry, rendition or issuance against a Person or any of its assets of a judgment, writ, order or decree, enforcement of such judgment, writ, order or decree is stayed pending a timely appeal or other judicial review. Protective Advances shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.2(e) hereof. Purchasing CLO shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.3(d) hereof. Purchasing Lender shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.3(c) hereof. Qualified ECP Loan Party shall mean each Loan Party that on the Eligibility Date is (a) a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organization, trust, or other entity other than a commodity pool as defined in Section 1a(10) of the CEA and CFTC regulations thereunder that has total assets exceeding 10,000,000 or (b) an Eligible Contract Participant that can cause another person to qualify as an Eligible Contract Participant on the Eligibility Date under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the CEA by entering into or otherwise providing a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or other agreement for purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the CEA. Qualified Equity Interests means any Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests. RCRA shall mean the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq., as same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. Real Property shall mean all of the real property owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party on or after the Closing Date, together with, in each case, all improvements and appurtenant fixtures, equipment, personal property, easements and other property and rights incidental to the ownership, lease or operation thereof. 
 48 

 Receivables shall mean and include, as to each Loan Party, all of such Loan Party s accounts (as defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code) and all of such Loan Party s contract rights, instruments (including those evidencing indebtedness owed to such Loan Party by its Affiliates), documents, chattel paper (including electronic chattel paper), general intangibles relating to accounts, contract rights, instruments, documents and chattel paper, all drafts and acceptances, credit card receivables and all other forms of obligations owing to such Loan Party arising out of or in connection with the sale or lease of Inventory or the rendition of services, all supporting obligations, guarantees and other security therefor, whether secured or unsecured, now existing or hereafter created, and whether or not specifically sold or assigned to Agent hereunder. Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.3(e) hereof. Reimbursement Obligation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(b) hereof. Release shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.7(c)(i) hereof. Reportable Compliance Event shall mean that any Covered Entity becomes a Sanctioned Person, or is charged by indictment, criminal complaint or similar charging instrument, arraigned, or custodially detained in connection with any Anti-Terrorism Law or any predicate crime to any Anti-Terrorism Law, or has knowledge of facts or circumstances to the effect that it is reasonably likely that any aspect of its operations is in actual or probable violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law. Reportable ERISA Event shall mean a reportable event described in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations promulgated thereunder, other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived. Required Lenders shall mean Lenders (not including Swing Loan Lender (in its capacity as such) or any Defaulting Lender) holding at least fifty one percent (51 of either (a) the aggregate of the Revolving Commitment Amounts of all Lenders (excluding any Defaulting Lender), or (b) after the termination of all of the Commitments, the sum of (x) the outstanding Revolving Advances and Swing Loans, plus (y) the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit; provided, however, if there are fewer than three (3) Lenders, Required Lenders shall mean all Lenders (excluding any Defaulting Lender). Reserves shall mean reserves against the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount or the Formula Amount as Agent may deem proper and necessary from time to time, including in respect of Priority Payables in respect of any Canadian Loan Party. Resolution Authority shall mean an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. Responsible Officer means the (i) President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller, Treasurer or General Counsel of a Loan Party, (ii) any person performing similar functions of the forgoing clause (i), or (iii) any person with supervisory or managerial responsibilities of a Loan Party. 
 49 

 Restricted Distribution means as to any Person (a) any dividend or distribution on any Equity Interests of any Loan Party (other than dividends or distributions payable in its stock (other than Disqualified Equity Interests)), (b) any split-ups or reclassifications of its Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests)), (c) any application any of its funds, property or assets to the purchase, redemption or other retirement of any of its Equity Interests, or of any options to purchase or acquire any Equity Interests of any Person, and (d) any payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest (whether in cash, securities or other property) of any intercompany note between and among the Loan Parties evidencing Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to the terms hereof. Revolving Advances shall mean Advances other than Letters of Credit and the Swing Loans. Revolving Commitment shall mean, as to any Lender, the obligation of such Lender (if applicable), to make Revolving Advances and participate in Swing Loans and Letters of Credit, in an aggregate principal and/or face amount not to exceed the Revolving Commitment Amount (if any) of such Lender. Revolving Commitment Amount shall mean, as to any Lender, the Revolving Commitment amount (if any) set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 1.1 hereto (or, in the case of any Lender that became party to this Agreement after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 16.3(c) or (d) hereof, the Revolving Commitment amount (if any) of such Lender as set forth in the applicable Commitment Transfer Supplement). Revolving Commitment Percentage shall mean, as to any Lender, the Revolving Commitment Percentage (if any) set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 1.1 hereto (or, in the case of any Lender that became party to this Agreement after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 16.3(c) or (d) hereof, the Revolving Commitment Percentage (if any) of such Lender as set forth in the applicable Commitment Transfer Supplement). Revolving Credit Note shall mean, collectively, the promissory notes referred to in Section 2.1(a) hereof, as each may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Revolving Interest Rate shall mean (a) with respect to Revolving Advances that are Domestic Rate Loans and Swing Loans, an interest rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin for Revolving Advances and Swing Loans plus the Alternate Base Rate. (b) with respect to Revolving Advances that are Term SOFR Rate Loans, an interest rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin for Revolving Advances plus the Term SOFR Rate, (c) with respect to Revolving Advances that are converted to Canadian Base Rate Loans, an interest rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin plus the Alternate Canadian Base Rate, and (d) with respect to Revolving Advances that are CDOR Rate Loans, an interest rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin for Revolving Advances plus the CDOR Rate. Revolving Lender shall mean each Lender holding a Revolving Commitment. 
 50 

 Sanctioned Country shall mean a country, territory or government or agency of any of the foregoing, in each case that is subject to or the subject or target of any sanctions or sanctions program maintained under any Anti-Terrorism Law, including, as of the Closing Date, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, and the Crimea region of Ukraine. Sanctioned Person shall mean any individual person, group, regime, entity or thing listed or otherwise recognized as a specially designated, prohibited, sanctioned or debarred person, group, regime, entity or thing, or subject to or the subject or target of any limitations or prohibitions (including but not limited to the blocking of property or rejection of transactions), under any Anti-Terrorism Law, including the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada), the Freezing Assets of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act (Canada) and the United Nations Act, including, without limitation, the Regulations Implementing the United Nations Resolutions on the Suppression of Terrorism (Canada) and the United Nations Al-Qaida and Taliban Regulations (Canada) promulgated under the United Nations Act. SEC shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission or any similar applicable Governmental Body or any successor thereto. Second Amendment Effective Date shall mean October 6, 2022. Secured Parties shall mean, collectively, Agent, Issuers, Swing Loan Lender and Lenders, together with any Affiliates of Agent or any Lender to whom any Hedge Obligations or Cash Management Obligations are owed and with each other holder of any of the Obligations, and the respective successors and assigns of each of them. Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Settlement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(d) hereof. Settlement Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(d) hereof. SOFR shall mean, for any day, a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). SOFR Adjustment shall mean, the following: 

SOFR Adjustment Interest Period 15 basis points (0.15 For a 1-month Interest Period 25 basis points (0.25 For a 3-month Interest Period 35 basis points (0.35 For a 6-month Interest Period 
 SOFR Floor means a rate of interest per annum equal to 100 basis points (1.00 ). 
 51 

 SOFR Reserve Percentage shall mean, for any day, the maximum effective percentage in effect on such day, if any, as prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the reserve requirements (including, without limitation, supplemental, marginal and emergency reserve requirements) with respect to SOFR funding. Southern Receivables shall mean Receivables owing to WPS by Southern Nuclear Operating Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Steam shall mean Steam Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Subordinated Indebtedness shall mean the Wynnefield Indebtedness and all other Indebtedness of any Loan Party having maturities and terms that are subordinated to the payment of the Obligations in a manner and on terms, all approved in writing, reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders. Subordination Agreements shall mean, collectively, any subordination agreement by and among Agent, any Loan Party and any holder of Subordinated Indebtedness (as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, restated or replaced from time to time) , in each case in form and substance acceptable to Agent . Subsidiary of any Person shall mean a corporation or other entity of whose Equity Interests having ordinary voting power (other than Equity Interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the directors of such corporation, or other Persons performing similar functions for such entity, are owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person. In no event shall the term Subsidiary include any Permitted Joint Venture or Koontz-Wagner (other than in its capacity as an Inactive Subsidiary ). Subsidiary Stock shall mean (a) with respect to the Equity Interests issued to a Loan Party by any Subsidiary (other than a Foreign Subsidiary), 100 of such issued and outstanding Equity Interests, and (b) with respect to any Equity Interests issued to a Loan Party by any Foreign Subsidiary (i) 100 of such issued and outstanding Equity Interests not entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2)) and (ii) 66.67 (or such greater percentage that could not reasonably be expected to cause any material adverse U.S. federal, state or local income Tax consequences to a Loan Party) of such issued and outstanding Equity Interests entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2)). Swap shall mean any swap as defined in Section 1a(47) of the CEA and regulations thereunder other than (a) a swap entered into, or subject to the rules of, a board of trade designated as a contract market under Section 5 of the CEA, or (b) a commodity option entered into pursuant to CFTC Regulation 32.3(a). Swap Obligation shall mean any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a Swap which is also a Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedge, or a Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedge. Swing Loan Lender shall mean PNC, in its capacity as lender of the Swing Loans. 
 52 

 Swing Loan Note shall mean the promissory note described in Section 2.4(a) hereof, as such note may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Swing Loans shall mean the Advances made pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof. Tax Distribution shall mean the additional federal, state or local income Taxes assumed to be payable by a shareholder or member of any Loan Party as a result of the taxable income of such Loan Party that gets allocated to such shareholder or member due to such Loan Party s status for federal, state or local income Tax purposes as a partnership, subchapter S corporation or any other entity that is a pass-through entity or disregarded entity for federal, state and local income Tax purposes (as applicable) but only for so long as such Loan Party continues to be so treated as a pass-through entity or disregarded entity for federal, state and local income tax purposes, as evidenced and substantiated by the tax returns filed by such Loan Party (as applicable), with such income Taxes assumed to be payable by a shareholder or member of any Loan Party being calculated for all members or shareholders, as applicable, at the highest combined marginal federal, state and local income Tax rate applicable to the taxable income of the applicable member or shareholder at issue for which such tax is being calculated that is allocated to the member or shareholder of the Loan Party, taking into consideration (A) the character and nature of such income (i.e., whether such income is subject to income Tax at capital gains rates, ordinary income rates or any special rates), (B) losses previously allocated to each such member or shareholder, as applicable, by such Loan Party to the extent such losses have not previously been applied to reduce the Tax Distribution hereunder, provided that capital losses and capital loss carry forwards shall be taken into account only to the extent they are currently usable to offset income or gain allocated by such Loan Party to a member or shareholder, as applicable; and provided, further, that to the extent that any losses allocated by such Loan Party result in a payback by a member to such Loan Party of previous Tax Distributions pursuant to Section 7.7 hereof, then such losses shall not be taken into account for purposes of determining the Tax Distribution hereunder, and (C) the deduction under Section 199A of the Internal Revenue Code in respect of the taxable income of the Loan Parties. Taxes shall mean all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Body, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. Term shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.1 hereof. Termination Event shall mean: (a) a Reportable ERISA Event with respect to any Pension Benefit Plan; (b) the withdrawal of any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group from a Pension Benefit Plan during a plan year in which such entity was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) the providing of notice of intent to terminate a Pension Benefit Plan in a distress termination described in Section 4041(c) of ERISA; (d) the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Benefit Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (e) any event or condition (i) which would be reasonably expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Benefit Plan or Multiemployer Plan, or (ii) that would be 
 53 

 reasonably expected to result in the termination of a Multiemployer Plan pursuant to Section 4041A of ERISA; (f) the partial or complete withdrawal, within the meaning of Section 4203 or 4205 of ERISA, of any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group from a Multiemployer Plan; (g) notice that a Multiemployer Plan is subject to Section 4245 of ERISA; (h) the imposition of any material liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent, upon any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group; or (i) any Canadian Pension Event. Term Loan Priority Collateral shall have the meaning assigned thereto in the Intercreditor Agreement. Term Loan Priority Collateral Account shall have the meaning assigned thereto in the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement in effect on the Closing Date. Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion). Term SOFR Rate shall mean, with respect to any Term SOFR Rate Loan for any Interest Period, the interest rate per annum determined by the Agent by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, at the Agent s discretion, to the nearest 1/100th of 1 (A) the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to such Interest Period on the day (the Term SOFR Determination Date that is two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator, by (B) a number equal to 1.00 minus the SOFR Reserve Percentage. If the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published or replaced with a Benchmark Replacement by 5:00 p.m. (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania time) on the Term SOFR Determination Date, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate, for purposes of clause (A) in the preceding sentence, shall be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor on the first Business Day preceding such Term SOFR Determination Date for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published in accordance herewith, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than three (3) Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Date. If the Term SOFR Rate, determined as provided above, would be less than the SOFR Floor, then the Term SOFR Rate shall be deemed to be the SOFR Floor. The Term SOFR Rate shall be adjusted automatically without notice to the Borrowing Agent on and as of (i) the first day of each Interest Period, and (ii) the effective date of any change in the SOFR Reserve Percentage. Term SOFR Rate Loan means an Advance that bears interest based on Term SOFR Rate. Term SOFR Reference Rate shall mean the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. Third Amendment Effective Date shall mean January 9, 2023. Toxic Substance shall mean and include any material present on any Real Property (including any leasehold interests) which has been shown to have significant adverse effect on human health or which is subject to regulation under the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA), 15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq., applicable state law, or any other applicable Federal or state laws or 
 54 

 Canadian or provincial laws now in force or hereafter enacted relating to toxic substances. Toxic Substance includes but is not limited to asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and lead-based paints. Transactions shall mean the transactions under or contemplated by this Agreement, the Other Documents and the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents. Transferee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.3(d) hereof. UK Financial Institution shall mean any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. UK Resolution Authority shall mean the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. Undrawn Availability at a particular date shall mean an amount equal to (a) the lesser of (i) the Formula Amount or (ii) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount, minus (b) the outstanding amount of Advances, minus (c) the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit, minus (d) the sum of (i) all amounts due and owing to any Borrower s trade creditors which are outstanding sixty (60) days or more past their due date, plus (ii) fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Transactions for which Borrowers are liable but which have not been paid or charged to Borrowers Account. Unfunded Capital Expenditures shall mean, as to any Loan Party, without duplication, Capital Expenditures funded (a) from such Loan Party s internally generated cash flow or (b) with the proceeds of a Revolving Advance or Swing Loan. Uniform Commercial Code shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York. Unused Line Fee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3 hereof. USA PATRIOT Act shall mean the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public Law 107-56, as the same has been, or shall hereafter be, amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, extended or replaced. U.S. Dollar and the sign shall mean lawful money of the United States. U.S. Dollar Equivalent shall mean, at any time, (i) as to any amount denominated in U.S. Dollars, the amount thereof at such time, and (ii) as to any amount denominated in any other currency, the equivalent amount in U.S. Dollars calculated by the Agent in good faith at such time using the Exchange Rate in effect on the day of determination. 
 55 

 U.S. Funding Account shall mean a deposit account of Borrowing Agent established for the purpose of receiving proceeds of Advances made in U.S. Dollars. U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday or Sunday or (b) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. U.S. Guarantor shall mean any Guarantor that is a U.S. Person. U.S. Loan Party shall mean any Loan Party that is a U.S. Person. U.S. Person shall mean any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code. United States means the United States of America. Usage Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3 hereof. WISG shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors and assigns. WISG Canada shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors and assigns. WISG Electrical shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors and assigns. WISI shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors and assigns. Withholding Agent shall mean any Loan Party and Agent. Write-Down and Conversion Powers shall mean, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. WPS shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors and assigns. 
 56 

 WSS shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors and assigns. Wynnefield Guaranties shall mean, collectively, (i) that certain Guaranty, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by the Guarantors, as guarantors, in favor of Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, L.P. I and (ii) that certain Guaranty, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by the Guarantors, as guarantors, in favor of Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, L.P. Wynnefield Indebtedness shall mean the Indebtedness evidenced by the Wynnefield Loan Documents. Wynnefield Lenders shall mean, collectively, Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, L.P. and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, L.P. I. Wynnefield Loan Documents shall mean the Wynnefield Notes and the Wynnefield Guaranties, as the same may from time to time be amended, restated, or otherwise modified or replaced in accordance with the terms of the applicable Subordination Agreement. Wynnefield Notes shall mean, collectively, (i) that certain Unsecured Promissory Note, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by and among Holdings, as the borrow, and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, L.P. I, as the Lender in the original principal amount of 400,000.00 and (ii) that certain Unsecured Promissory Note, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by and among Holdings, as the borrow, and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, L.P., as the Lender in the original principal amount of 350,000.00. 1.3. Uniform Commercial Code / PPSA Terms . All terms used herein and defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as adopted in the State of New York from time to time (the Uniform Commercial Code shall have the meaning given therein unless otherwise defined herein. Without limiting the foregoing, the terms accounts , chattel paper (and electronic chattel paper and tangible chattel paper ), commercial tort claims , deposit accounts , documents , equipment , financial asset , fixtures , general intangibles , goods , instruments , inventory , investment property , letter-of-credit rights , payment intangibles , proceeds , promissory note securities , software and supporting obligations as and when used in the description of Collateral shall have the meanings given to such terms in Articles 8 or 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code. To the extent the definition of any category or type of collateral is expanded by any amendment, modification or revision to the Uniform Commercial Code, such expanded definition will apply automatically as of the date of such amendment, modification or revision. All terms used herein and defined in the PPSA (in respect of Collateral located in Canada) shall have the meaning given therein unless otherwise defined herein. Without limiting the foregoing, the terms accounts , chattel paper , goods , instruments , intangibles , proceeds , securities , investment property , document of title , inventory , equipment and fixtures , as and when used in the description of Collateral located in Canada shall have the meanings given to such terms in the PPSA. To the extent the definition of any category or type of collateral is expanded by any amendment, modification or 
 57 

 revision to the PPSA, such expanded definition will apply automatically as of the date of such amendment, modification or revision. 1.4. Certain Matters of Construction . The terms herein , hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular section, subsection, clause or paragraph. All references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, except where the context clearly requires otherwise. Any pronoun used shall be deemed to cover all genders. Wherever appropriate in the context, terms used herein in the singular also include the plural and vice versa. All references to statutes and related regulations shall include any amendments of same and any successor statutes and regulations. Unless otherwise provided, all references to any instruments or agreements to which Agent is a party, including references to any of the Other Documents, shall include any and all modifications, supplements or amendments thereto, any and all restatements or replacements thereof and any and all extensions or renewals thereof. Except as otherwise expressly provided for herein, all references herein to the time of day shall mean the time in New York, New York. Unless otherwise provided, all financial calculations shall be performed with Inventory valued on a first-in, first-out basis. Whenever the words including or include shall be used, such words shall be understood to mean including, without limitation or include, without limitation . A Default or an Event of Default shall be deemed to exist at all times during the period commencing on the date that such Default or Event of Default occurs to the date on which such Default or Event of Default is waived in writing pursuant to this Agreement or, in the case of a Default, is cured within any period of cure expressly provided for in this Agreement; and an Event of Default shall continue or be continuing until such Event of Default has been waived in writing by Required Lenders. Any Lien referred to in this Agreement or any of the Other Documents as having been created in favor of Agent, any agreement entered into by Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any of the Other Documents, any payment made by or to or funds received by Agent pursuant to or as contemplated by this Agreement or any of the Other Documents, or any act taken or omitted to be taken by Agent, shall, unless otherwise expressly provided, be created, entered into, made or received, or taken or omitted, for the benefit or account of Agent and Lenders. Wherever the phrase to the best of Borrowers knowledge or to the best of the Loan Parties knowledge or words of similar import relating to the knowledge or the awareness of any Loan Party are used in this Agreement or Other Documents, such phrase shall mean and refer to (i) the actual knowledge of a senior officer of any Loan Party or (ii) the knowledge that a senior officer would have obtained if he/she had engaged in a good faith and diligent performance of his/her duties, including the making of such reasonably specific inquiries as may be necessary of the employees or agents of such Loan Party and a good faith attempt to ascertain the existence or accuracy of the matter to which such phrase relates. All covenants hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular action or condition is not permitted by any of such covenants, the fact that it would be permitted by an exception to, or otherwise within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of a default if such action is taken or condition exists. In addition, all representations and warranties hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular representation or warranty proves to be incorrect or is breached, the fact that another representation or warranty concerning the same or similar subject matter is correct or is not breached will not affect the incorrectness of a breach of a representation or warranty hereunder. 
 58 

 1.5. Currency Matters . Principal, interest, reimbursement obligations, fees, and all other amounts payable under this Agreement and the Other Documents to the Secured Parties shall be payable in the currency in which such Obligations are denominated. Unless stated otherwise, all calculations, comparisons, measurements or determinations under this Agreement, shall be made in U.S. Dollars. For the purpose of all calculations, comparisons, measurements or determinations hereunder, including all calculations of the Formula Amount and all financial performance or results and all calculations with respect to financial ratios and/or financial covenants, including calculation of the component parts thereof (such as EBITDA, Funded Debt, etc.), amounts denominated in other currencies shall be converted to the U.S. Dollar Equivalent thereof at the Exchange Rate in effect on the day of determination. If Agent shall receive payment in a currency other than the currency in which the Obligations are due, whether pursuant to the exercise of control under a securities account control agreement or deposit account control agreement, or as proceeds or realization of the Collateral or otherwise, then Agent shall be authorized to convert such amounts at the Exchange Rate in effect on the day of determination to the currencies in which such Obligations are due for application thereto. All financial statements, Borrowing Base Certificate and Compliance Certificates shall be set forth in U.S. Dollars. 1.6. Excess Resulting from Exchange Rate Change . If at any time following one or more fluctuations in the exchange rate of the Canadian Dollar against the U.S. Dollar, (a) the aggregate outstanding amount of Advances exceeds any limitations hereunder based on the U.S Dollar Equivalent thereof, or (b) the aggregate outstanding amount of Advances exceeds any other limit based on U.S. Dollars set forth herein for such Obligations, Borrowers shall on the Business Day that any Loan Party has knowledge thereof or the Business Day on which Agent shall have notified Borrowing Agent thereof make the necessary payments or repayments to reduce such Obligations to an amount necessary to eliminate such excess. Without in any way limiting the foregoing provisions, Agent may, weekly or more frequently in the sole discretion of Agent, make the necessary exchange rate calculations to determine whether any such excess exists on such date. 1.7. Canadian Terms . In this Agreement, (i) any term defined in this Agreement by reference to the Uniform Commercial Code shall also have any extended, alternative or analogous meaning given to such term in applicable Canadian personal property security and other laws (including, without limitation, the PPSA, the Bills of Exchange Act (Canada) and the Depository Bills and Notes Act (Canada)), in all cases for the extension, preservation or betterment of the security and rights of the Agent, (ii) all references in this Agreement to Article 8 of the Code or Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code shall be deemed to refer also to applicable Canadian securities transfer laws (including, without limitation, the Securities Transfer Act, 2006 (Ontario) and the Securities Transfer Act (British Columbia), as applicable), (iii) all references in this Agreement to the United States Copyright Office or the United States Patent and Trademark Office shall be deemed to refer also to the Canadian Intellectual Property Office, (iv) all references in this Agreement to a financing statement, continuation statement, amendment or termination statement shall be deemed to refer also to the analogous documents used under applicable Canadian personal property security laws, (v) all references to the United States, or to any subdivision, department, agency or instrumentality thereof shall be deemed to refer also to Canada, or to any subdivision, department, agency or instrumentality thereof, (vi) all references to federal or state securities law of the United States shall be deemed to refer also to 
 59 

 analogous federal and provincial securities laws in Canada, (vii) all references to state or federal bankruptcy laws shall be deemed to refer also to any insolvency proceeding occurring in Canada or under Canadian law, (viii) all calculations of U.S. Dollar amounts which utilize amounts expressed in Canadian Dollars shall be made using the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of such Canadian Dollar amounts in a manner calculated by the Agent and (ix) all financial statements required to be delivered to Agent or Lenders hereunder shall be presented in U.S. Dollars. 1.8. Conversion of Assets . All of the property and assets of any Canadian Loan Party, including, without limitation, its Receivables, shall be valued in, and converted into, the U.S. Dollar Equivalent in accordance with PNC s customary banking and conversion practices and procedures. 1.9. Term SOFR Notification . Section 3.8.2. of this Agreement provides a mechanism for determining an alternate rate of interest in the event that the Term SOFR Rate is no longer available or in certain other circumstances. The Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission or any other matter related to the Term SOFR Rate or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate therefor. 1.10. CDOR Notification . Section 3.8.3 hereof provides a mechanism for determining an alternate rate of interest in the event that the Canadian Dollar offered rate is no longer available or in certain other circumstances. Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission or any other matter related to the Canadian Dollar offered rate or other rates in the definition of CDOR Rate or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate therefor. 1.11. Conforming Changes Relating to Term SOFR Rate . With respect to the Term SOFR Rate, the Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any Other Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any Other Document; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Agent shall provide notice to the Borrowers and the Lenders of each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. II. ADVANCES, PAYMENTS. 2.1. Revolving Advances. (a) Amount of Revolving Advances . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, each Revolving Lender, severally and not jointly, will make Revolving Advances to Borrowers denominated in U.S. Dollars or the U.S. Dollar Equivalent in Canadian Dollars in aggregate amounts outstanding at any time equal to such Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of the lesser of (x) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount, less the outstanding amount of all Swing Loans, less the aggregate Maximum Undrawn Amount of all 
 60 

 outstanding Letters of Credit, less Reserves established hereunder or (y) an amount equal to the result of the following (hereinafter, the Formula Amount ): (i) up to an amount equal to (A) 85 of Eligible Receivables and (B) subject to the limitations set forth in clause (e) below, 85 of Eligible JV Receivables, plus (ii) up to an amount equal to 85 of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of Eligible Canadian Receivables, plus (iii) subject to the limitations set forth in clause (e) below, up to the lesser of (a) an amount equal to 65 of Eligible Unbilled Receivables and (b) 7 5 ,500,000, minus (iv) the aggregate Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit, minus (v) Reserves established hereunder. The Revolving Advances shall be evidenced by one or more secured promissory notes (collectively, the Revolving Credit Note substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1(a) hereto. (b) Discretionary Rights . The Advance Rates may be increased or decreased by Agent at any time and from time to time in the exercise of its Permitted Discretion, provided, that, Agent shall endeavor to give Borrowers notice of any decrease in the Advance Rates. Each Borrower consents to any such increases or decreases and acknowledges that decreasing the Advance Rates or increasing or imposing Reserves may limit or restrict Advances requested by Borrowing Agent. Without limitation of the foregoing, Agent shall have the right (but not the obligation), to establish from time to time, against the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount, Reserves to reflect the risks, as determined by Agent in its sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, of currency exchange rate fluctuations with respect to any Revolving Advances or Letters of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars or with respect to any Priority Payables. The amount of any Reserves established by Agent shall have a reasonable relationship to the event, condition, other circumstance, or fact that is the basis for such Reserve and shall not be duplicative of any other Reserve established and currently maintained. (c) The rights of Agent under this subsection are subject to the provisions of Section 16.2(b) hereof. (d) Revolving Advances in Canadian Dollars . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the outstanding principal amount of Revolving Advances made in Canadian Dollars hereunder shall not, at any time, exceed the Canadian Dollar Sublimit. To the extent the outstanding principal amount of Revolving Advances made in Canadian Dollars hereunder exceeds the Canadian Dollar Sublimit, such excess amount shall be immediately repaid or converted from a CDOR Rate Loan to a Term SOFR Rate Loan or Domestic Rate Loan, at Borrowers option. When determining the maximum principal amount of Revolving Advances permitted pursuant to this Section 2.1, all Revolving Advances made in Canadian 
 61 

 Dollars shall be calculated at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent on the date that any Advance is made (or deemed made) hereunder or on any date of determination. (e) Limitation on Advances against Eligible JV Receivables and Eligible Unbilled JV Receivables . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the principal amount of Revolving Advances made hereunder against (i) Eligible Unbilled JV Receivables shall not exceed 250,000 in the aggregate at any one time outstanding and (ii) Eligible JV Receivables and Eligible Unbilled JV Receivables, on a combined basis, shall not exceed 1,000,000 in the aggregate at any one time outstanding. 2.2. Procedures for Requesting Revolving Advances; Procedures for Selection of Applicable Interest Rates for All Advances . (a) Borrowing Agent on behalf of any Borrower may notify Agent prior to 1:00 p.m. (New York time) on a Business Day of a Borrower s request to incur, on that day, a Revolving Advance denominated in U.S. Dollars hereunder. All Revolving Advances denominated in U.S. Dollars shall be funded into the U.S. Funding Account. Borrowing Agent on behalf of any Borrower may notify Agent prior to 1:00 p.m. (New York time) on a Business Day of a Borrower s request to incur, on a day that is at least five (5) Business Days after such request, a Revolving Advance denominated in Canadian Dollars hereunder at the CDOR Rate. All Revolving Advances denominated in Canadian Dollars shall be funded into the Canadian Funding Account. Should any amount required to be paid as interest hereunder, or as fees or other charges under this Agreement or any other agreement with Agent or Lenders, or with respect to any other Obligation under this Agreement, become due, the same shall be deemed a request for a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan as of the date such payment is due, in the amount required to pay in full such interest, fee, charge or Obligation, and such request shall be irrevocable. If the Borrowers enter into a separate written agreement with Agent regarding Agent s auto-advance service, then each Advance made pursuant to such service (including Advances made for the payment of interest, fees, charges or obligations) shall be deemed an irrevocable request for a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan as of the date such auto-advance is made. (b) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a) above, in the event any Borrower desires to obtain a Term SOFR Rate Loan for any Advance (other than a Swing Loan), Borrowing Agent shall give Agent written notice by no later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time) on the day which is three (3) Business Days prior to the date such Term SOFR Rate Loan is to be borrowed, specifying (i) the date of the proposed borrowing (which shall be a Business Day), (ii) the type of borrowing and the amount of such Advance to be borrowed, which amount shall be in a minimum amount of 100,000 and in integral multiples of 50,000 thereafter, and (iii) the duration of the first Interest Period therefor, as applicable. Interest Periods for Term SOFR Rate Loans shall be for one, three or six months; provided that, if an Interest Period would end on a day that is not a Business Day, it shall end on the next succeeding Business Day unless such day falls in the next succeeding calendar month in which case the Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day. Any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period. Upon and after the occurrence of an Event of Default and during the 
 62 

 continuation thereof, at the option of Agent or at the direction of the Required Lenders, no Term SOFR Rate Loan shall be made available to any Borrower. Upon the commencement of a Canadian Cash Dominion Period, at the option of Agent or at the direction of the Required Lenders, no CDOR Rate Loan shall be made available to any Borrower and all CDOR Rate Loans shall be converted to Domestic Rate Loans. After giving effect to each requested Term SOFR Rate Loan, including those which are converted from a Domestic Rate Loan under Section 2.2(e) below, there shall not be outstanding more than five (5) Term SOFR Rate Loans, in the aggregate at any time. (c) Each Interest Period of a Term SOFR Rate Loan shall commence on the date such Term SOFR Rate Loan is made, as applicable, and shall end on such date as Borrowing Agent may elect as set forth in subsection (b)(iii) above, provided that the exact length of each Interest Period shall be determined in accordance with the practice of the interbank market for offshore U.S. Dollar and no Interest Period shall end after the last day of the Term. (d) Borrowing Agent shall elect the initial Interest Period applicable to a Term SOFR Rate Loan by its notice of borrowing given to Agent pursuant to Section 2.2(b) or by its notice of conversion given to Agent pursuant to Section 2.2(e), as the case may be. Borrowing Agent shall elect the duration of each succeeding Interest Period by giving irrevocable written notice to Agent of such duration not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time) on the day which is three (3) Business Days prior to the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable to such Term SOFR Rate Loan. If Agent does not receive timely notice of the succeeding Interest Period elected by Borrowing Agent, Borrowing Agent shall be deemed to have elected to convert such Term SOFR Rate Loan to a Domestic Rate Loan as of the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Term SOFR Rate Loan. (e) Provided that no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Borrowing Agent may, on the last Business Day of the then current Interest Period applicable to any outstanding Term SOFR Rate Loan, or on any Business Day with respect to Domestic Rate Loans, convert any such Term SOFR Rate Loan into a Domestic Rate Loan, provided that any conversion of a Term SOFR Rate Loan shall be made only on the last Business Day of the then current Interest Period applicable to such Term SOFR Rate Loan, as applicable. If Borrowing Agent desires to convert a Term SOFR Rate Loan or Domestic Rate Loan, Borrowing Agent shall give Agent written notice by no later than 1:00 p.m. (i) on the day which is three (3) Business Days prior to the date on which such conversion is to occur with respect to a conversion from a Domestic Rate Loan to a Term SOFR Rate Loan or (ii) on the day which is one (1) Business Day prior to the date on which such conversion is to occur (which date shall be the last Business Day of the Interest Period for the applicable Term SOFR Rate Loan) with respect to a conversion from a Term SOFR Rate Loan to a Domestic Rate Loan, specifying, in each case, the date of such conversion, the Term SOFR Rate Loan(s), or Domestic Rate Loan(s) to be converted and if the conversion is to a Term SOFR Rate Loan, the duration of the first Interest Period therefor. (f) At its option and upon written notice given prior to 1:00 p.m. at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date of such prepayment (or such shorter notice as Agent may agree), Borrowers may, subject to Section 2.2(g) below, prepay the Term SOFR Rate Loans in 
 63 

 whole at any time or in part from time to time with accrued interest on the principal being prepaid to the date of such repayment. Borrowing Agent shall specify the date of prepayment of Advances which are Term SOFR Rate Loans and the amount of such prepayment. In the event that any prepayment of a Term SOFR Rate Loan is required or permitted on a date other than the last Business Day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto, Borrowers shall indemnify Agent and Lenders therefor in accordance with Section 2.2(g) hereof. (g) Each Loan Party shall indemnify Agent and Lenders and hold Agent and Lenders harmless from and against any and all losses or expenses that Agent and Lenders may sustain or incur as a consequence of any prepayment, conversion of or any default by any Borrower in the payment of the principal of or interest on any Term SOFR Rate Loan or CDOR Rate Loan or failure by any Borrower to complete a borrowing of, a prepayment of or conversion of or to a Term SOFR Rate Loan or CDOR Rate Loan after notice thereof has been given, including, but not limited to, any interest payable by Agent or Lenders to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to make or maintain its Term SOFR Rate Loans or CDOR Rate Loans hereunder. A certificate as to any additional amounts payable pursuant to the foregoing sentence (with backup calculation in reasonable detail) submitted by Agent or any Lender to Borrowing Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (h) Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, if any Applicable Law, treaty, regulation or directive, or any change therein or in the interpretation or application thereof, including without limitation any Change in Law, shall make it unlawful for Lenders or any Lender (for purposes of this subsection (h), the term Lender shall include any Lender and the office or branch where any Lender or any Person controlling such Lender makes or maintains any Term SOFR Rate Loans or CDOR Rate Loans, as applicable) to make or maintain its Term SOFR Rate Loans or CDOR Rate Loans, the obligation of Lenders (or such affected Lender) to make Term SOFR Rate Loans or CDOR Rate Loans, as applicable, hereunder shall forthwith be cancelled and Borrowers shall, if any affected Term SOFR Rate Loans or CDOR Rate Loans are then outstanding, promptly upon request from Agent, either pay all such affected Term SOFR Rate Loans or CDOR Rate Loans or convert (x) such affected Term SOFR Rate Loans into Domestic Rate Loans or (y) such affected CDOR Rate Loans into Canadian Base Rate Loans. If any such payment or conversion of any Term SOFR Rate Loan is made on a day that is not the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Term SOFR Rate Loan, Borrowers shall pay Agent, upon Agent s request, such amount or amounts set forth in clause (g) above. A certificate as to any additional amounts payable pursuant to the foregoing sentence (with backup calculation in reasonable detail) submitted by Lenders to Borrowing Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (i) Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, neither any Agent nor any Lender, nor any of their participants, is required actually to acquire Term SOFR deposits or bankers acceptances to fund or otherwise match fund any Obligation as to which interest accrues based on the Term SOFR Rate or CDOR Rate, as applicable. The provisions set forth herein shall apply as if each Lender or its participants had match funded any Obligation as to which interest is accruing based on the Term SOFR Rate by acquiring SOFR deposits for each Interest Period in the amount of the Term SOFR Rate Loans. 
 64 

 2.3. [Reserved] . 2.4. Swing Loans . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in order to minimize the transfer of funds between Revolving Lenders and Agent for administrative convenience, Agent, Revolving Lenders and Swing Loan Lender agree that in order to facilitate the administration of this Agreement, Swing Loan Lender may, at its election and option made in its sole discretion cancelable at any time for any reason whatsoever, make swing loan advances denominated in U.S. Dollars Swing Loans available to Borrowers as provided for in this Section 2.4 at any time or from time to time after the Closing Date to, but not including, the last day of the Term, in an aggregate principal amount up to but not in excess of the Maximum Swing Loan Advance Amount, provided that the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Swing Loans and the Revolving Advances at any one time outstanding shall not exceed an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount, less the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit or (ii) the Formula Amount. All Swing Loans shall be Domestic Rate Loans only. Borrowers may borrow (at the option and election of Swing Loan Lender), repay and re-borrow (at the option and election of Swing Loan Lender) Swing Loans and Swing Loan Lender may make Swing Loans as provided in this Section 2.4 during the period between Settlement Dates. All Swing Loans shall be evidenced by a secured promissory note (the Swing Loan Note substantially in the form attached as Exhibit 2.4 hereto. Swing Loan Lender s agreement to make Swing Loans under this Agreement is cancelable at any time for any reason whatsoever and the making of Swing Loans by Swing Loan Lender from time to time shall not create any duty or obligation, or establish any course of conduct, pursuant to which Swing Loan Lender shall thereafter be obligated to make Swing Loans in the future. (b) Upon either (i) any request by Borrowing Agent for a Revolving Advance made pursuant to Section 2.2(a) hereof or (ii) the occurrence of any deemed request by Borrowers for a Revolving Advance pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.2(a) hereof, Swing Loan Lender may elect, in its sole discretion, to have such request or deemed request treated as a request for a Swing Loan, and may advance same day funds to Borrowers as a Swing Loan; provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided for herein, Swing Loan Lender may not make Swing Loan Advances if Swing Loan Lender has been notified by Agent or by Required Lenders that one or more of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 8.2 hereof have not been satisfied or the Revolving Commitments have been terminated for any reason. (c) Upon the making of a Swing Loan (whether before or after the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default and regardless of whether a Settlement has been requested with respect to such Swing Loan), each Revolving Lender shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, to have unconditionally and irrevocably purchased from Swing Loan Lender, without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation in such Swing Loan in proportion to its Revolving Commitment Percentage. Swing Loan Lender or Agent may, at any time, require the Revolving Lenders to fund such participations by means of a Settlement as provided for in Section 2.6(d) hereof. From and after the date, if any, on which any Revolving Lender is required to fund, and funds, its participation in any Swing Loans purchased hereunder, Agent shall promptly distribute to such Revolving Lender its Revolving Commitment Percentage 
 65 

 of all payments of principal and interest and all proceeds of Collateral received by Agent in respect of such Swing Loan; provided that no Revolving Lender shall be obligated in any event to make Revolving Advances in an amount in excess of its Revolving Commitment Amount minus its Participation Commitment (taking into account any reallocations under Section 2.22 hereof) of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit. 2.5. Disbursement of Advance Proceeds . All Advances shall be disbursed from whichever office or other place Agent may designate from time to time and, together with any and all other Obligations of the Loan Parties to Agent or Lenders, shall be charged to Borrowers Account on Agent s books. The proceeds of each Revolving Advance or Swing Loan requested by Borrowing Agent on behalf of any Borrower or deemed to have been requested by any Borrower under Section 2.2(a), 2.6(b) or 2.14 hereof shall, (i) with respect to requested Revolving Advances, to the extent Lenders make such Revolving Advances in accordance with Section 2.2(a), 2.6(b) or 2.14 hereof, and with respect to Swing Loans made upon any request or deemed request by Borrowing Agent for a Revolving Advance to the extent Swing Loan Lender makes such Swing Loan in accordance with Section 2.4(b) hereof, be made available to the applicable Borrower on the day so requested by way of credit to such Borrower s operating account at PNC, or such other bank as Borrowing Agent may designate following notification to Agent, in immediately available federal funds or other immediately available funds or, (ii) with respect to Revolving Advances deemed to have been requested by any Borrower or Swing Loans made upon any deemed request for a Revolving Advance by any Borrower, be disbursed to Agent to be applied to the outstanding Obligations giving rise to such deemed request. During the Term, Borrowers may use the Revolving Advances and Swing Loans by borrowing, prepaying and re-borrowing, all in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. 2.6. Making and Settlement of Advances . (a) Each borrowing of Revolving Advances shall be advanced according to the applicable Revolving Commitment Percentages of Revolving Lenders (subject to any contrary terms of Section 2.22 hereof). Each borrowing of Swing Loans shall be advanced by Swing Loan Lender alone. (b) Promptly after receipt by Agent of a request or a deemed request for a Revolving Advance pursuant to Section 2.2(a) hereof and, with respect to Revolving Advances, to the extent Agent elects not to provide a Swing Loan or the making of a Swing Loan would result in the aggregate amount of all outstanding Swing Loans exceeding the maximum amount permitted in Section 2.4(a) hereof, Agent shall notify the Revolving Lenders of its receipt of such request specifying the information provided by Borrowing Agent and the apportionment among Lenders of the requested Revolving Advance as determined by Agent in accordance with the terms hereof. Each Lender shall remit the principal amount of each Revolving Advance to Agent such that Agent is able to, and Agent shall, to the extent the applicable Lenders have made funds available to it for such purpose and subject to Section8.2 hereof, fund such Revolving Advance to Borrowers in U.S. Dollars and immediately available funds at the Payment Office prior to the close of business, on the applicable borrowing date; provided that if any applicable Lender fails to remit such funds to Agent in a timely manner, Agent may elect in its sole discretion to fund 
 66 

 with its own funds the Revolving Advance of such Lender on such borrowing date, and such Lender shall be subject to the repayment obligation in Section 2.6(c) hereof. (c) Unless Agent shall have been notified by telephone, confirmed in writing, by any Revolving Lender that such Lender will not make the amount which would constitute its applicable Revolving Commitment Percentage of the requested Revolving Advance available to Agent, Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) assume that such Lender has made such amount available to Agent on such date in accordance with Section 2.6(b) hereof and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to Borrowers a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its applicable Revolving Commitment Percentage of the requested Revolving Advance available to Agent, then the applicable Lender and Borrowers severally agree to pay to Agent on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to Borrowers through but excluding the date of payment to Agent, at (i) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of (A) (x) the daily average Effective Federal Funds Rate (computed on the basis of a year of 360 days) during such period as quoted by Agent, times (y) such amount or (B) a rate determined by Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (ii) in the case of a payment to be made by Borrowers, the Revolving Interest Rate for Revolving Advances that are Domestic Rate Loans. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Revolving Advance to Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Revolving Advance. Any payment by Borrowers shall be without prejudice to any claim Borrowers may have against a Revolving Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to Agent. A certificate of Agent submitted to any Lender or Borrowers with respect to any amounts owing under this subsection (c) shall be conclusive, in the absence of manifest error. (d) Agent, on behalf of Swing Loan Lender, shall demand settlement (a Settlement of all or any Swing Loans with Revolving Lenders on at least a weekly basis, or on any more frequent date that Agent elects or that Swing Loan Lender at its option exercisable for any reason whatsoever may request, by notifying Revolving Lenders of such requested Settlement by facsimile, telephonic or electronic transmission no later than 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the date of such requested Settlement (the Settlement Date ). Subject to any contrary provisions of Section 2.22 hereof, each Revolving Lender shall transfer the amount of such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of the outstanding principal amount (plus interest accrued thereon to the extent requested by Agent) of the applicable Swing Loan with respect to which Settlement is requested by Agent, to such account of Agent as Agent may designate not later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on such Settlement Date if requested by Agent by 3:00 p.m. (New York time), otherwise not later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the next Business Day. Settlements may occur at any time notwithstanding that the conditions precedent to making Revolving Advances set forth in Section 8.2 hereof have not been satisfied or the Revolving Commitments shall have otherwise been terminated at such time. All amounts so transferred to Agent shall be applied against the amount of outstanding Swing Loans and, when so applied shall constitute Revolving Advances of such Revolving Lenders accruing interest as Domestic Rate Loans. If any such amount is not transferred to Agent by any Revolving Lender on such Settlement Date, Agent shall be entitled to recover such amount on demand from such Revolving Lender together with interest thereon as specified in Section 2.6(c) hereof. 
 67 

 (e) If any Lender or Participant (a Benefited Lender shall at any time receive any payment of all or part of its Advances, or interest thereon, or receive any Collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by set-off) in a greater proportion than any such payment to and Collateral received by any other Lender, if any, in respect of such other Lender s Advances, or interest thereon, and such greater proportionate payment or receipt of Collateral is not expressly permitted hereunder, such Benefited Lender shall purchase for cash from the other Lenders a participation in such portion of each such other Lender s Advances, or shall provide such other Lender with the benefits of any such Collateral, or the proceeds thereof, as shall be necessary to cause such Benefited Lender to share the excess payment or benefits of such Collateral or proceeds ratably with each of the other Lenders; provided, however, that if all or any portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter recovered from such Benefited Lender, such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. Each Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under Applicable Law, that each Lender so purchasing a portion of another Lender s Advances may exercise all rights of payment (including rights of set-off) with respect to such portion as fully as if such Lender were the direct holder of such portion, and the obligations owing to each such purchasing Lender in respect of such participation and such purchased portion of any other Lender s Advances shall be part of the Obligations secured by the Collateral, and the obligations owing to each such purchasing Lender in respect of such participation and such purchased portion of any other Lender s Advances shall be part of the Obligations secured by the Collateral. 2.7. Maximum Advances . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Section 2.1(a) or otherwise in this Agreement, the aggregate balance of the principal amount of Revolving Advances (calculated, with respect to Revolving Advances made in Canadian Dollars, at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent) plus Swing Loans outstanding at any time shall not exceed the lesser of (a) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount less the aggregate Maximum Undrawn Amount of all issued and outstanding Letters of Credit or (b) the Formula Amount. 2.8. Manner and Repayment of Advances . (a) The Revolving Advances and Swing Loans shall be due and payable in full on the last day of the Term subject to earlier prepayment as herein provided. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all Advances shall be subject to earlier repayment upon (x) acceleration upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under this Agreement or (y) termination of this Agreement. Each payment (including each prepayment) by any Borrower on account of the principal of and interest on the Advances shall be applied, first, to the outstanding Swing Loans and next, pro rata according to the applicable Revolving Commitment Percentages of Lenders, to the outstanding Revolving Advances (subject to any contrary provisions of Section 2.22 hereof). (b) Each Borrower recognizes that the amounts evidenced by checks, notes, drafts or any other items of payment relating to and/or proceeds of Collateral may not be collectible by Agent on the date received by Agent. Agent shall conditionally credit Borrowers Account for each item of payment on the next Business Day after the Business Day on which such item of payment is received by Agent (and the Business Day on which each such item of payment is so credited shall be referred to, with respect to such item, as the Application Date ). 
 68 

 Agent is not, however, required to credit Borrowers Account for the amount of any item of payment which is unsatisfactory to Agent and Agent may charge Borrowers Account for the amount of any item of payment which is returned, for any reason whatsoever, to Agent unpaid. Subject to the foregoing, Borrowers agree that for purposes of computing the interest charges under this Agreement, each item of payment received by Agent shall be deemed applied by Agent on account of the Obligations on its respective Application Date. The Loan Parties further agree that there is a monthly float charge payable to Agent for Agent s sole benefit, in an amount equal to (y) the face amount of all items of payment received each day during the prior month (including items of payment received by Agent as a wire transfer or electronic depository check) multiplied by (z) the Revolving Interest Rate with respect to Domestic Rate Loans or Canadian Base Rate Loans, as applicable, for one (1) day (i.e. the Revolving Interest Rate divided by 360 or 365/366, as applicable). The monthly float charge shall be calculated daily and charged once per month, relating to all payments collected in the prior month. All proceeds received by Agent shall be applied to the Obligations in accordance with Section 4.8(h) hereof. (c) All payments of principal, interest and other amounts payable hereunder, or under any of the Other Documents shall be made to Agent at the Payment Office not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time) on the due date therefor in U.S. Dollars or Canadian Dollars, as applicable, in federal funds or other funds immediately available to Agent. Agent shall have the right to effectuate payment of any and all Obligations due and owing hereunder by charging Borrowers Account or by making Advances as provided in Section 2.2 hereof. (d) Except as expressly provided herein, all payments (including prepayments) to be made by any Borrower on account of principal, interest, fees and other amounts payable hereunder shall be made without deduction, setoff or counterclaim and shall be made to Agent on behalf of Lenders to the Payment Office, in each case on or prior to 1:00 p.m. (New York time), in U.S. Dollars or Canadian Dollars, as applicable, and in immediately available funds. 2.9. Repayment of Excess Advances . If at any time the aggregate balance of outstanding Advances taken as a whole exceeds the maximum amount of such type or any sublimit of Advances and/or Advances taken as a whole (as applicable) permitted hereunder, such excess Advances shall be immediately due and payable without the necessity of any demand, at the Payment Office, whether or not a Default or an Event of Default has occurred. 2.10. Statement of Account . Agent shall maintain, in accordance with its customary procedures, a loan account denominated in U.S. Dollars and a loan account denominated in Canadian Dollars (each, a Borrowers Account in the name of the applicable Borrower in which shall be recorded the date and amount of each Advance made by Agent or Lenders and the date and amount of each payment in respect thereof; provided, however, the failure by Agent to record the date and amount of any Advance shall not adversely affect Agent or any Lender. Each month, Agent shall send to Borrowing Agent a statement showing the accounting for the Advances made, payments made or credited in respect thereof, and other transactions between Agent, Lenders and Borrowers during such month. The monthly statements shall be deemed correct and binding upon Borrowers in the absence of manifest error and shall constitute an account stated between Lenders and Borrowers unless Agent receives a written statement of Borrowers specific exceptions thereto within thirty (30) days after such statement is received by 
 69 

 Borrowing Agent. The records of Agent with respect to Borrowers Accounts shall be conclusive evidence absent manifest error of the amounts of Advances and other charges thereto and of payments applicable thereto. 2.11. Letters of Credit . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the applicable Issuer shall issue or cause the issuance of standby and/or trade letters of credit denominated in U.S. Dollars or Canadian Dollars Letters of Credit for the account of any Borrower except to the extent that the issuance thereof would then cause the sum of (i) the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the outstanding Revolving Advances plus (ii) the outstanding Swing Loans, plus (iii) the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit, plus (iv) the Maximum Undrawn Amount of the Letter of Credit to be issued to exceed the lesser of (x) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount or (y) the Formula Amount (calculated without giving effect to the deductions provided for in Section 2.1(a) hereof). The Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit shall not exceed in the aggregate at any time the Letter of Credit Sublimit. All disbursements or payments related to Letters of Credit shall be deemed to be Domestic Rate Loans consisting of Revolving Advances and shall bear interest at the Revolving Interest Rate for Domestic Rate Loans. Letters of Credit that have not been drawn upon shall not bear interest (but fees shall accrue in respect of outstanding Letters of Credit as provided in Section 3.2 hereof). (b) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, no Issuer shall be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if (i) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Body or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuer from issuing any Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to such Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Body with jurisdiction over such Issuer shall prohibit, or request that such Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such Issuer with respect to the Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon such Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date, and which such Issuer in good faith deems material to it, or (ii) the issuance of the Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally. 2.12. Issuance of Letters of Credit . (a) Borrowing Agent, on behalf of any Borrower, may request any Issuer to issue or cause the issuance of a Letter of Credit by delivering to such Issuer, with a copy to Agent at the Payment Office, prior to 1:00 p.m. (New York time), at least five (5) Business Days prior to the proposed date of issuance, such Issuer s form of Letter of Credit Application (the Letter of Credit Application completed to the satisfaction of Agent and such Issuer; and, such other certificates, documents and other papers and information as Agent or such Issuer may request. No Issuer shall issue any requested Letter of Credit if such Issuer has received notice from Agent or any Lender that one or more of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 8.2 
 70 

 hereof have not been satisfied or the Revolving Commitments have been terminated for any reason. (b) Each Letter of Credit shall, among other things, (i) provide for the payment of sight drafts, or other written demands for payment, or acceptances of usance drafts when presented for honor thereunder in accordance with the terms thereof and when accompanied by the documents described therein and (ii) have an expiry date not later than twelve (12) months after such Letter of Credit s date of issuance and in no event later than the last day of the Term, unless Agent, Issuer and Borrowing Agent agree for such Letter of Credit to be cash collateralized immediately upon the expiration of the Term, pursuant to Section 3.2(b) hereof. Each standby Letter of Credit shall be subject either to the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits as most recently published by the International Chamber of Commerce at the time a Letter of Credit is issued (the UCP or the International Standby Practices (International Chamber of Commerce Publication Number 590), or any subsequent revision thereof at the time a standby Letter of Credit is issued, as determined by the applicable Issuer, and each trade Letter of Credit shall be subject to the UCP. In addition, no trade Letter of Credit may permit the presentation of an ocean bill of lading that includes a condition that the original bill of lading is not required to claim the goods shipped thereunder. (c) Agent shall use its reasonable efforts to notify Lenders of the request by Borrowing Agent for a Letter of Credit hereunder. 2.13. Requirements For Issuance of Letters of Credit . (a) Borrowing Agent shall authorize and direct the applicable Issuer to name the applicable Borrower as the Applicant or Account Party of each Letter of Credit. If Agent is not the Issuer of any Letter of Credit, Borrowing Agent shall authorize and direct the applicable Issuer to deliver to Agent all agreements, documents or instruments and property received by such Issuer pursuant to such Letter of Credit and to accept and rely upon Agent s instructions and agreements with respect to all matters arising in connection with such Letter of Credit, and the application therefor. (b) In connection with all trade Letters of Credit issued or caused to be issued by any Issuer under this Agreement, each Borrower hereby appoints each Issuer, or its designee, as its attorney, with full power and authority if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing: (i) to sign and/or endorse such Borrower s name upon any warehouse or other receipts, and acceptances; (ii) to sign such Borrower s name on bills of lading; (iii) to clear Inventory through the United States Customs Department or Canada Border Services Agency (collectively, Customs in the name of such Borrower or such Issuer or such Issuer s designee, and to sign and deliver to Customs officials powers of attorney in the name of such Borrower for such purpose; and (iv) to complete in such Borrower s name or in the name of such Issuer or its designee, any order, sale or transaction, obtain the necessary documents in connection therewith, and collect the proceeds thereof. Neither Agent, nor any Issuer nor their attorneys will be liable for any acts or omissions nor for any error of judgment or mistakes of fact or law, except for Agent s, any Issuer s or their respective attorneys willful misconduct. This power, being coupled with an interest, is irrevocable as long as any Letters of Credit remain outstanding. 
 71 

 2.14. Disbursements, Reimbursement . (a) Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Revolving Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the applicable Issuer a participation in each Letter of Credit and each drawing thereunder in an amount equal to such Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of such Letter of Credit (as in effect from time to time) and the amount of such drawing, respectively. (b) In the event of any request for a drawing under a Letter of Credit by the beneficiary or transferee thereof, the applicable Issuer will promptly notify Agent and Borrowing Agent. Regardless of whether Borrowing Agent shall have received such notice, Borrowers shall reimburse such Issuer in an amount equal to the amount so paid by such Issuer (such obligation to reimburse such Issuer shall sometimes be referred to as a Reimbursement Obligation prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York time) on each date that an amount is paid by such Issuer under such Letter of Credit (each such date, a Drawing Date ). In the event Borrowers fail to reimburse such Issuer for the full amount of any drawing under any Letter of Credit by 12:00 p.m. (New York time) on the Drawing Date, such Issuer will promptly notify Agent and each Revolving Lender thereof, and Borrowers shall be automatically deemed to have requested that a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan be made by Lenders to be disbursed on the Drawing Date under such Letter of Credit, and Revolving Lenders shall be unconditionally obligated to fund such Revolving Advance (all whether or not the conditions specified in Section 8.2 hereof are then satisfied or the Revolving Commitments have been terminated for any reason) as provided for in Section 2.14(c) below. Any notice given by any Issuer pursuant to this Section 2.14(b) may be oral if promptly confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such a confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. (c) Each Revolving Lender shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.14(b) above make available to the applicable Issuer through Agent at the Payment Office an amount in immediately available funds equal to its Revolving Commitment Percentage (subject to any contrary provisions of Section 2.22 hereof) of the amount of the drawing, whereupon the participating Lenders shall (subject to Section 2.14(d) hereof) each be deemed to have made a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan to Borrowers in that amount. If any Revolving Lender so notified fails to make available to Agent, for the benefit of the applicable Issuer, the amount of such Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of such amount by 2:00 p.m. (New York time) on the Drawing Date, then interest shall accrue on such Lender s obligation to make such payment, from the Drawing Date to the date on which such Lender makes such payment (i) at a rate per annum equal to the Effective Federal Funds Rate during the first three (3) days following the Drawing Date and (ii) at a rate per annum equal to the rate applicable to Revolving Advances maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan on and after the fourth day following the Drawing Date. Agent and the applicable Issuer will promptly give notice of the occurrence of the Drawing Date, but failure of Agent or such Issuer to give any such notice on the Drawing Date or in sufficient time to enable any Revolving Lender to effect such payment on such date shall not relieve such Lender from its obligations under this Section 2.14(c), provided that such Lender shall not be obligated to pay interest as provided in this Section 
 72 

 2.14(c) until and commencing from the date of receipt of notice from Agent or such Issuer of a drawing. (d) With respect to any unreimbursed drawing that is not converted into a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan to Borrowers in whole or in part as contemplated by Section 2.14(b) hereof, because of Borrowers failure to satisfy the conditions set forth in Section 8.2 hereof (other than any notice requirements) or for any other reason, Borrowers shall be deemed to have incurred from Agent a borrowing (each a Letter of Credit Borrowing in the amount of such drawing. Such Letter of Credit Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the rate per annum applicable to a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan. Each applicable Lender s payment to Agent pursuant to Section 2.14(c) hereof shall be deemed to be a payment in respect of its participation in such Letter of Credit Borrowing and shall constitute a Participation Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its Participation Commitment in respect of the applicable Letter of Credit under this Section 2.14. (e) Each Lender s Participation Commitment in respect of the Letters of Credit shall continue until the last to occur of any of the following events: (x) Issuers cease to be obligated to issue or cause to be issued Letters of Credit hereunder; (y) no Letter of Credit issued or created hereunder remains outstanding and uncanceled; and (z) all Persons (other than Borrowers) have been fully reimbursed for all payments made under or relating to Letters of Credit. 2.15. Repayment of Participation Advances . (a) Upon (and only upon) receipt by Agent for the account of Issuer of immediately available funds from Borrowers (i) in reimbursement of any payment made by Issuer or Agent under the Letter of Credit with respect to which any Lender has made a Participation Advance to Agent, or (ii) in payment of interest on such a payment made by Issuer or Agent under such a Letter of Credit, Agent will pay to each Revolving Lender, in the same funds as those received by Agent, the amount of such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of such funds, except Agent shall retain the amount of the Revolving Commitment Percentage of such funds of any Revolving Lender that did not make a Participation Advance in respect of such payment by Agent (and, to the extent that any of the other Revolving Lenders have funded any portion such Defaulting Lender s Participation Advance in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.22 hereof, Agent will pay over to such Non-Defaulting Lenders a pro rata portion of the funds so withheld from such Defaulting Lender). (b) If Issuer or Agent is required at any time to return to any Borrower, or to a trustee, receiver, monitor, liquidator, custodian, or any official in any insolvency proceeding under any Insolvency Law, any portion of the payments made by Borrowers to Issuer or Agent pursuant to Section 2.15(a) hereof in reimbursement of a payment made under the Letter of Credit or interest or fee thereon, each applicable Lender shall, on demand of Agent, forthwith return to Issuer or Agent the amount of its Revolving Commitment Percentage of any amounts so returned by Issuer or Agent plus interest at the Effective Federal Funds Rate. 
 73 

 2.16. Documentation . Each Borrower agrees to be bound by the terms of the Letter of Credit Application and by Issuer s interpretations of any Letter of Credit issued on behalf of such Borrower and by Issuer s written regulations and customary practices relating to letters of credit, though Issuer s interpretations may be different from such Borrower s own. In the event of a conflict between the Letter of Credit Application and this Agreement, this Agreement shall govern. It is understood and agreed that, except in the case of gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment or order), Issuer shall not be liable for any error, negligence and/or mistakes, whether of omission or commission, in following Borrowing Agent s or any Borrower s instructions or those contained in the Letters of Credit or any modifications, amendments or supplements thereto. 2.17. Determination to Honor Drawing Request . In determining whether to honor any request for drawing under any Letter of Credit by the beneficiary thereof, Issuer shall be responsible only to determine that the documents and certificates required to be delivered under such Letter of Credit have been delivered and that they comply on their face with the requirements of such Letter of Credit and that any other drawing condition appearing on the face of such Letter of Credit has been satisfied in the manner so set forth. 2.18. Nature of Participation and Reimbursement Obligations . The obligation of each Revolving Lender in accordance with this Agreement to make the Revolving Advances or Participation Advances as a result of a drawing under a Letter of Credit, and the obligations of Borrowers to reimburse Issuer upon a draw under a Letter of Credit, shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Section 2.18 under all circumstances, including the following circumstances: (i) any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender or any Borrower, as the case may be, may have against Issuer, Agent, any Borrower or such Lender, as the case may be, or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (ii) the failure of any Borrower or any other Person to comply, in connection with a Letter of Credit Borrowing, with the conditions set forth in this Agreement for the making of a Revolving Advance, it being acknowledged that such conditions are not required for the making of a Letter of Credit Borrowing and the obligation of Lenders to make Participation Advances under Section 2.14 hereof; (iii) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit; (iv) any claim of breach of warranty that might be made by any Borrower, Agent, Issuer or any Lender against the beneficiary of a Letter of Credit, or the existence of any claim, set-off, recoupment, counterclaim, cross-claim, defense or other right which any Borrower, Agent, Issuer or any Lender may have at any time against a beneficiary, any successor beneficiary or any transferee of any Letter of Credit or assignee of the proceeds thereof (or any Persons for whom any such transferee or assignee may be acting), Issuer, Agent or any Lender or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated herein or any unrelated transaction (including any underlying transaction between 
 74 

 any Borrower or any Subsidiaries of such Borrower and the beneficiary for which any Letter of Credit was procured); (v) the lack of power or authority of any signer of (or any defect in or forgery of any signature or endorsement on) or the form of or lack of validity, sufficiency, accuracy, enforceability or genuineness of any draft, demand, instrument, certificate or other document presented under or in connection with any Letter of Credit, or any fraud or alleged fraud in connection with any Letter of Credit, or the transport of any property or provision of services relating to a Letter of Credit, in each case even if Issuer or any of Issuer s Affiliates has been notified thereof; (vi) payment by Issuer under any Letter of Credit against presentation of a demand, draft or certificate or other document which is forged or does not fully comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit (provided that the foregoing shall not excuse Issuer from any obligation under the terms of any applicable Letter of Credit to require the presentation of documents that on their face appear to satisfy any applicable requirements for drawing under such Letter of Credit prior to honoring or paying any such draw); (vii) the solvency of, or any acts or omissions by, any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit, or any other Person having a role in any transaction or obligation relating to a Letter of Credit, or the existence, nature, quality, quantity, condition, value or other characteristic of any property or services relating to a Letter of Credit; (viii) any failure by Issuer or any of Issuer s Affiliates to issue any Letter of Credit in the form requested by Borrowing Agent, unless Agent and Issuer have each received written notice from Borrowing Agent of such failure within three (3) Business Days after Issuer shall have provided Agent and Borrowing Agent a copy of such Letter of Credit and such error is material and no drawing has been made thereon prior to receipt of such notice; (ix) the occurrence of any Material Adverse Effect; (x) any breach of this Agreement or any Other Document by any party thereto; (xi) the occurrence or continuance of an insolvency proceeding under any Insolvency Law with respect to any Loan Party; (xii) the fact that a Default or an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; (xiii) the fact that the Term shall have expired or this Agreement or the Revolving Commitments have been terminated; and (xiv) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. 2.19. Liability for Acts and Omissions . 
 75 

 (a) As between Borrowers, on the one hand, and Issuer, Swing Loan Lender, Agent and Lenders, on the other hand, each Borrower assumes all risks of the acts and omissions of, or misuse of the Letters of Credit by, the respective beneficiaries of such Letters of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, Issuer shall not be responsible for: (i) the form, validity, sufficiency, accuracy, genuineness or legal effect of any document submitted by any party in connection with the application for an issuance of any such Letter of Credit, even if it should in fact prove to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, inaccurate, fraudulent or forged (even if Issuer or any of its Affiliates shall have been notified thereof); (ii) the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign any such Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason; (iii) the failure of the beneficiary of any such Letter of Credit, or any other party to which such Letter of Credit may be transferred, to comply fully with any conditions required in order to draw upon such Letter of Credit or any other claim of any Borrower against any beneficiary of such Letter of Credit, or any such transferee, or any dispute between or among any Borrower and any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any such transferee; (iv) errors, omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any messages, by mail, facsimile or otherwise, whether or not they be in cipher; (v) errors in interpretation of technical terms; (vi) any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under any such Letter of Credit or of the proceeds thereof; (vii) the misapplication by the beneficiary of any such Letter of Credit of the proceeds of any drawing under such Letter of Credit; or (viii) any consequences arising from causes beyond the control of Issuer, including any act or omission, whether rightful or wrongful, of any present or future de jure or de facto Governmental Body, and none of the above shall affect or impair, or prevent the vesting of, any of Issuer s rights or powers hereunder. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall relieve Issuer from liability for Issuer s gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment or order) in connection with actions or omissions described in such clauses (i) through (viii) of such sentence. In no event shall Issuer or its Affiliates be liable to any Loan Party for any indirect, consequential, incidental, punitive, exemplary or special damages or expenses (including without limitation attorneys fees), or for any damages resulting from any change in the value of any property relating to a Letter of Credit. (b) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Issuer and each of its Affiliates: (i) may rely on any oral or other communication believed in good faith by Issuer or such Affiliate to have been authorized or given by or on behalf of the applicant for a Letter of Credit; (ii) may honor any presentation if the documents presented appear on their face substantially to comply with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit; (iii) may honor a previously dishonored presentation under a Letter of Credit, whether such dishonor was pursuant to a court order, to settle or compromise any claim of wrongful dishonor, or otherwise, and shall be entitled to reimbursement to the same extent as if such presentation had initially been honored, together with any interest paid by Issuer or its Affiliates; (iv) may honor any drawing that is payable upon presentation of a statement advising negotiation or payment, upon receipt of such statement (even if such statement indicates that a draft or other document is being delivered separately), and shall not be liable for any failure of any such draft or other document to arrive, or to conform in any way with the relevant Letter of Credit; (v) may pay any paying or negotiating bank claiming that it rightfully honored under the laws or practices of the place where such bank is located; and (vi) may settle or adjust any claim or demand made on Issuer or 
 76 

 its Affiliates in any way related to any order issued at the applicant s request to an air carrier, a letter of guarantee or of indemnity issued to a steamship agent or carrier or any document or instrument of like import (each an Order and honor any drawing in connection with any Letter of Credit that is the subject of such Order, notwithstanding that any drafts or other documents presented in connection with such Letter of Credit fail to conform in any way with such Letter of Credit. (c) In furtherance and extension and not in limitation of the specific provisions set forth above, any action taken or omitted by Issuer under or in connection with the Letters of Credit issued by it or any documents and certificates delivered thereunder, if taken or omitted in good faith and without gross negligence (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment or order), shall not put Issuer under any resulting liability to any Borrower, Agent or any Lender. 2.20. Mandatory Prepayments . Subject in each case to the Intercreditor Agreement: (a) Subject to Section 7.1 hereof, upon the receipt by any Loan Party of the proceeds of any sale or other disposition of any Collateral (other than Inventory in the Ordinary Course of Business), Borrowers shall prepay the Advances in an amount equal to the Net Cash Proceeds of such sale or other disposition, such prepayments to be made promptly but in no event more than five (5) Business Days following receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds, and until the date of payment, such proceeds shall be held in trust for Agent; provided, that such Net Cash Proceeds shall not be required to be applied as a mandatory prepayment on such date to the extent that (x) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (y) Loan Parties have delivered an officers certificate to the Agent on or prior to such date stating that such Net Cash Proceeds are expected to be reinvested in fixed or capital assets within six (6) months following the date of such disposition (which officers certificate shall set forth the estimates of the proceeds to be so expended); provided further, that if all or any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds is not so reinvested within such six (6)-month period, such unused portion shall be applied on the last day of such period as a mandatory prepayment as provided in this Section 2.20(a); provided, further, that if the property subject to such disposition constituted Collateral, then all property purchased with the Net Cash Proceeds thereof pursuant to this Section 2.20(a) shall be made subject to the Lien created pursuant to this Agreement in favor of the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders in accordance with Section 6.11. The foregoing shall not be deemed to be implied consent to any such sale or other disposition otherwise prohibited by the terms and conditions hereof. Such prepayments shall be applied to the Advances (including cash collateralization of all Obligations relating to any outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.2(b)). (b) In the event of any issuance or other incurrence of Indebtedness (other than Permitted Indebtedness) by the Loan Parties or the issuance of any Equity Interests by any Loan Party, the Borrowers shall, no later than one (1) Business Day after the receipt by such Loan Party of (i) the Net Cash Proceeds from any such issuance or incurrence of Indebtedness or (ii) the Net Cash Proceeds of any issuance of Equity Interests, as applicable, prepay the Advances in an amount equal to (x) one hundred percent (100 of such Net Cash Proceeds in the case of such incurrence or issuance of Indebtedness and (y) one hundred percent (100 of 
 77 

 such Net Cash Proceeds in the case of an issuance of Equity Interests. Such prepayments shall be applied to the Advances. (c) All Net Cash Proceeds received by Borrowers or Agent (i) under any insurance policy on account of damage or destruction of any assets or property of any Borrowers, (ii) as a result of any taking or condemnation of any assets or property, or (iii) under any business interruption insurance, in each case, shall be applied in accordance with Section 6.6 hereof; provided, that, with respect to any Net Cash Proceeds received as a result of the occurrence of an event described in the immediately preceding clauses (i) and (ii) such Net Cash Proceeds shall not be required to be applied as a mandatory prepayment on such date to the extent that (x) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (y) Loan Parties have delivered an officers certificate to the Agent on or prior to such date stating that such Net Cash Proceeds are expected to be reinvested in fixed or capital assets within six (6) months following the date of such casualty event (which officers certificate shall set forth the estimates of the Net Cash Proceeds to be so expended); provided further, that if all or any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds is not so reinvested within such six (6)-month period, such unused portion shall be applied on the last day of such period as a mandatory prepayment as provided in this Section 2.20(c); provided, further, that if the property subject to such casualty event constituted Collateral, then all property purchased with the Net Cash Proceeds thereof pursuant to this Section 2.20(c) shall be made subject to the Lien created pursuant to this Agreement in favor of the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders in accordance with Section 6.11. (d) Not later than three (3) Business Days following the receipt thereof, Borrowers shall prepay the Advances in an amount equal to the Arbitration Recovery Net Cash Proceeds. Such prepayments shall be applied to the Advances. 2.21. Use of Proceeds . (a) Borrowers shall apply the proceeds of Advances to (i) repay the Indebtedness owing to Existing Lenders under the Existing Loan Documents, (ii) pay fees and expenses relating to the Transactions, and (iii) provide for their working capital needs and reimburse drawings under Letters of Credit. Borrowers shall not use the proceeds of any Revolving Advance to prepay the EICF/CION Term Loan or the Wynnefield Indebtedness . (b) Without limiting the generality of Section 2.21(a) above, neither the Loan Parties nor any other Person which may in the future become party to this Agreement or the Other Documents as a Loan Party, intends to use nor shall they use any portion of the proceeds of the Advances, directly or indirectly, for any purpose in violation of Applicable Law. 2.22. Defaulting Lender. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, in the event any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, all rights and obligations hereunder of such Defaulting Lender and of the other parties hereto shall be modified to the extent of the express provisions of this Section 2.22 so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender. (b) Except as otherwise expressly provided for in this Section 2.22, Revolving Advances shall be made pro rata from Revolving Lenders which are not Defaulting Lenders 
 78 

 based on their respective Revolving Commitment Percentages, and no Revolving Commitment Percentage of any Lender or any pro rata share of any Revolving Advances required to be advanced by any Lender shall be increased as a result of any Lender being a Defaulting Lender. Amounts received in respect of principal of any type of Revolving Advances shall be applied to reduce such type of Revolving Advances of each Revolving Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender) in accordance with their Revolving Commitment Percentages; provided, that, Agent shall not be obligated to transfer to a Defaulting Lender any payments received by Agent for Defaulting Lender s benefit, nor shall a Defaulting Lender be entitled to the sharing of any payments hereunder (including any principal, interest or fees). Amounts payable to a Defaulting Lender shall instead be paid to or retained by Agent. Agent may hold and, in its discretion, re-lend to a Borrower the amount of such payments received or retained by it for the account of such Defaulting Lender. (i) Fees pursuant to Section 3.3 hereof shall cease to accrue in favor of such Defaulting Lender. (ii) If any Swing Loans are outstanding or any Letters of Credit (or drawings under any Letter of Credit for which Issuer has not been reimbursed) are outstanding or exist at the time any such Revolving Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then: (A) Defaulting Lender s Participation Commitment in the outstanding Swing Loans and of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit shall be reallocated among Revolving Lenders which are Non-Defaulting Lenders in proportion to the respective Revolving Commitment Percentages of such Non-Defaulting Lenders to the extent (but only to the extent) that (x) such reallocation does not cause the aggregate sum of outstanding Revolving Advances made by any such Revolving Lender that is a Non-Defaulting Lender plus such Revolving Lender s reallocated Participation Commitment in the outstanding Swing Loans plus such Lender s reallocated Participation Commitment in the aggregate Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit to exceed the Revolving Commitment Amount of any such Non-Defaulting Lender, and (y) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at such time; (B) if the reallocation described in clause (A) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, Borrowers shall within one Business Day following notice by Agent (x) first, prepay any outstanding Swing Loans that cannot be reallocated, and (y) second, cash collateralize for the benefit of Issuer, Borrowers obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (A) above) in accordance with Section 3.2(b) hereof for so long as such Obligations are outstanding; (C) if Borrowers cash collateralize any portion of such Defaulting Lender s Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit pursuant to clause (B) above, Borrowers shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 3.2(a) hereof with respect to such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit 
 79 

 during the period such Defaulting Lender s Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit are cash collateralized; (D) if Defaulting Lender s Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit is reallocated pursuant to clause (A) above, then the fees payable to Revolving Lenders pursuant to Section 3.2(a) hereof shall be adjusted and reallocated to Revolving Lenders which are Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with such reallocation; and (E) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clauses (A) or (B) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of Issuer or any other Lender hereunder, all Letter of Credit Fees payable under Section 3.2(a) hereof with respect to such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit shall be payable to the Issuer (and not to such Defaulting Lender) until (and then only to the extent that) such Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit is reallocated and/or cash collateralized; and (F) so long as any Revolving Lender is a Defaulting Lender, Swing Loan Lender shall not be required to fund any Swing Loans and Issuer shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless such Issuer is satisfied that the related exposure and Defaulting Lender s Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit and all Swing Loans (after giving effect to any such issuance, amendment, increase or funding) will be fully allocated to Revolving Lenders which are Non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral for such Letters of Credit will be provided by Borrowers in accordance with clause (A) and (B) above, and participating interests in any newly made Swing Loan or any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among Non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.22(b)(iii)(A) above (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). (c) A Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to give instructions to Agent or to approve, disapprove, consent to or vote on any matters relating to this Agreement and the Other Documents, and all amendments, waivers and other modifications of this Agreement and the Other Documents may be made without regard to a Defaulting Lender and, for purposes of the definition of Required Lenders , a Defaulting Lender shall not be deemed to be a Lender, to have any outstanding Advances or a Revolving Commitment Percentage. (d) Other than as expressly set forth in this Section 2.22, the rights and obligations of a Defaulting Lender (including the obligation to indemnify Agent) and the other parties hereto shall remain unchanged. Nothing in this Section 2.22 shall be deemed to release any Defaulting Lender from its obligations under this Agreement and the Other Documents, shall alter such obligations, shall operate as a waiver of any default by such Defaulting Lender hereunder, or shall prejudice any rights which any Borrower, Agent or any Lender may have against any Defaulting Lender as a result of any default by such Defaulting Lender hereunder. 
 80 

 (e) In the event that Agent, Borrowers, Swing Loan Lender and Issuer agree in writing that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then Agent will so notify the parties hereto, and, if such cured Defaulting Lender is a Revolving Lender, then Participation Commitments of Revolving Lenders (including such cured Defaulting Lender) of the Swing Loans and Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit shall be reallocated to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Revolving Commitment, and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Revolving Advances of the other Lenders as Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Revolving Advances in accordance with its Revolving Commitment Percentage. (f) If Swing Loan Lender or Issuer has a good faith belief that any Revolving Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, Swing Loan Lender shall not be required to fund any Swing Loans and Issuer shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless Swing Loan Lender or Issuer, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with Borrowers or such Lender, satisfactory to Swing Loan Lender or Issuer, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. 2.23. Payment of Obligations . Agent may charge to Borrowers Account as a Revolving Advance or, at the discretion of Swing Loan Lender, as a Swing Loan (i) all payments with respect to any of the Obligations required hereunder (including without limitation principal payments, payments of interest, payments of Letter of Credit Fees and all other fees provided for hereunder and payments under Sections 16.5 and 16.9 hereof) as and when each such payment shall become due and payable (whether as regularly scheduled, upon or after acceleration, upon maturity or otherwise), (ii) without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause (i), (a) all amounts expended by Agent or any Lender pursuant to Sections 4.2 or 4.3 hereof and (b) all expenses which Agent incurs in connection with the forwarding of Advance proceeds and the establishment and maintenance of any Blocked Accounts or Depository Accounts as provided for in Section 4.8(h) hereof, and (iii) any sums expended by Agent or any Lender due to any Loan Party s failure to perform or comply with its obligations under this Agreement or any Other Document including any Loan Party s obligations under Sections 3.3, 3.4, 4.4, 4.7, 6.4, 6.6, 6.7 and 6.8 hereof, and all amounts so charged shall be added to the Obligations and shall be secured by the Collateral. To the extent Revolving Advances are not actually funded by the other Lenders in respect of any such amounts so charged, all such amounts so charged shall be deemed to be Revolving Advances made by and owing to Agent and Agent shall be entitled to all rights (including accrual of interest) and remedies of a Lender under this Agreement and the Other Documents with respect to such Revolving Advances. III. INTEREST AND FEES. 3.1. Interest . Interest on Advances shall be payable in arrears (a) on the first Business Day of each month with respect to Domestic Rate Loans, CDOR Rate Loans and Canadian Base Rate Loans, (b) with respect to Term SOFR Rate Loans having an Interest Period of one , or three or six months, at the end of the applicable Interest Period and (c) with respect to Term SOFR Rate Loans having an Interest Period in excess of three months, at the end of each three month period during such Interest Period. Interest charges shall be computed on the actual principal 
 81 

 amount of Advances outstanding during the applicable month at a rate per annum equal to (i) with respect to Revolving Advances, the applicable Revolving Interest Rate plus the SOFR Adjustment for the applicable Interest Period, and (ii) with respect to Swing Loans, the Revolving Interest Rate for Domestic Rate Loans, (as applicable, the Contract Rate ). Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, any Obligations other than the Advances that are not paid when due shall accrue interest at the Revolving Interest Rate for Domestic Rate Loans, subject to the provision of the final sentence of this Section 3.1 regarding the Default Rate. Whenever, subsequent to the Closing Date, the Alternate Base Rate, the Alternate Canadian Base Rate or the CDOR Rate is increased or decreased, the applicable Contract Rate shall be similarly changed without notice or demand of any kind by an amount equal to the amount of such change in the Alternate Base Rate or the CDOR Rate during the time such change or changes remain in effect. The Term SOFR Rate shall be adjusted with respect to Term SOFR Rate Loans without notice or demand of any kind on the effective date of any change in the SOFR Reserve Percentage as of such effective date. Upon and after the occurrence of an Event of Default, and during the continuation thereof, at the option of Agent or at the direction of Required Lenders (or, in the case of any Event of Default under Section 10.7 hereof, immediately and automatically upon the occurrence of any such Event of Default without the requirement of any affirmative action by any party), the Obligations shall bear interest at the applicable Contract Rate plus two percent (2 per annum (as applicable, the Default Rate ). 3.2. Letter of Credit Fees; Cash Collateral . (a) Borrowers shall pay (x) to Agent, for the ratable benefit of Revolving Lenders, fees for each outstanding Letter of Credit for the period from and excluding the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit to and including the date of expiration or termination, equal to the daily face amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit multiplied by the Applicable Margin and the SOFR Adjustment for Revolving Advances consisting of Term SOFR Rate Loans with an Interest Period of one-month , such fees to be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual number of days elapsed and to be payable quarterly in arrears on the first day of each calendar quarter and on the last day of the Term, and (y) to the applicable Issuer, a fronting fee in the amount of one quarter of one percent (0.25 per annum times the daily face amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit for the period from and excluding the date of issuance of same to and including the date of expiration or termination, to be payable quarterly in arrears on the first day of each calendar quarter and on the last day of the Term (all of the foregoing fees, the Letter of Credit Fees ). In addition, Borrowers shall pay to Agent, for the benefit of Issuer, any and all administrative, issuance, amendment, payment and negotiation charges with respect to Letters of Credit and all fees and expenses as agreed upon by Issuer and Borrowing Agent in connection with any Letter of Credit, including in connection with the opening, amendment or renewal of any such Letter of Credit and any acceptances created thereunder, all such charges, fees and expenses, if any, to be payable on demand. All such charges shall be deemed earned in full on the date when the same are due and payable hereunder and shall not be subject to rebate or pro-ration upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason. Any such charge in effect at the time of a particular transaction shall be the charge for that transaction, notwithstanding any subsequent change in Issuer s prevailing charges for that type of transaction. Upon and after the occurrence of an Event of Default, and during the continuation thereof, at the option of Agent or at the direction of the Required Lenders (or, in the case of any Event of Default under Section 10.7 hereof, immediately and automatically upon the occurrence of any such Event of Default 
 82 

 without the requirement of any affirmative action by any party), the Letter of Credit Fees described in clause (x) of this Section 3.2(a) shall be increased by an additional two percent (2.0 per annum. (b) At any time following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, at the option of Agent or at the direction of the Required Lenders (or, in the case of any Event of Default under Section 10.7 hereof, immediately and automatically upon the occurrence of such Event of Default, without the requirement of any affirmative action by any party), or on the last day of the Term or any other termination of this Agreement (and also, if applicable, in connection with any mandatory prepayment under Section 2.20 hereof), Borrowers will cause cash to be deposited and maintained in an account with Agent, as cash collateral, in an amount equal to one hundred and five percent (105 of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit (or, in the case of each Letter of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars, one hundred and ten percent (110 of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of such Letter of Credit), and each Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes Agent, in its discretion, on such Borrower s behalf and in such Borrower s name, to open such an account and to make and maintain deposits therein, or in an account opened by such Borrower, in the amounts required to be made by such Borrower, out of the proceeds of Receivables or other Collateral or out of any other funds of such Borrower coming into any Lender s possession at any time. Agent may, in its discretion, invest such cash collateral (less applicable reserves) in such short-term money-market items as to which Agent and such Borrower mutually agree (or, in the absence of such agreement, as Agent may select) and the net return on such investments shall be credited to such account and constitute additional cash collateral, or Agent may (notwithstanding the foregoing) establish the account provided for under this Section 3.2(b) as a non-interest bearing account and in such case Agent shall have no obligation (and Borrowers hereby waive any claim) under Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code, the PPSA or under any other Applicable Law to pay interest on such cash collateral being held by Agent. No Borrower may withdraw amounts credited to any such account except upon the occurrence of all of the following: (x) Payment in Full of all of the Obligations; (y) expiration of all Letters of Credit; and (z) termination of the Commitments and of this Agreement. Borrowers hereby assign, pledge and grant to Agent, for its benefit and the ratable benefit of Issuer, Lenders and each other Secured Party, a continuing security interest in and to and Lien on any such cash collateral and any right, title and interest of Borrowers in any deposit account, securities account or investment account into which such cash collateral may be deposited from time to time to secure the Obligations, specifically including all Obligations with respect to any Letters of Credit. Borrowers agree that upon the coming due of any Reimbursement Obligations (or any other Obligations, including Obligations for Letter of Credit Fees) with respect to the Letters of Credit, Agent may use such cash collateral to pay and satisfy such Obligations. 3.3. Unused Line Fee . If, for any day in each calendar quarter during the Term, the daily unpaid balance of the sum of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of all Revolving Advances plus the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of all Swing Loans plus the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit (the Usage Amount does not equal the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount, then Borrowers shall pay to Agent, for the ratable benefit of Revolving Lenders based on their Revolving Commitment Percentages, a fee at a rate equal to one quarter of one percent (0.25 per annum for each such day on the amount by which the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount on such day exceeds such Usage Amount (the Unused Line Fee ). 
 83 

 The Unused Line Fee shall be payable to Agent in arrears on the first Business Day of each calendar quarter with respect to each day in the previous calendar quarter and on the last day of the Term with respect to the period ending on the last day of the Term. 3.4. Fee Letter . Borrowers shall pay the amounts required to be paid in the Fee Letter in the manner and on the dates required by the Fee Letter. 3.5. Computation of Interest and Fees . Interest and fees hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of (a) with respect to Term SOFR Rate Loans and fees, three hundred sixty (360) days and for the actual number of days elapsed, and (b) with respect to Domestic Rate Loans, Canadian Base Rate Loans and CDOR Rate Loans, three hundred sixty five (365) days and for the actual number of days elapsed. If any payment to be made hereunder becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, the due date thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and interest thereon shall be payable at the applicable Contract Rate during such extension. For the purposes of the Interest Act (Canada), the yearly rate of interest to which any rate calculated on the basis of a period of time different from the actual number of days in the year (360 days, for example) is equivalent is the stated rate multiplied by the actual number of days in the year (365 or 366, as applicable) and divided by the number of days in the shorter period (360 days, in the example), and the parties hereto acknowledge that there is a material distinction between the nominal and effective rates of interest and that they are capable of making the calculations necessary to compare such rates and that the calculations herein are to be made using the nominal rate method and not on any basis that gives effect to the principle of deemed reinvestment of interest. Each Loan Party confirms that it understands and is able to calculate the rate of interest applicable to advances made under this Agreement based on the methodology for calculating per annum rates provided for herein. Each Loan Party irrevocably agrees not to plead or assert, whether by way of defense or otherwise, in any proceeding relating to this Agreement or any Other Documents, that the interest payable hereunder and the calculation thereof has not been adequately disclosed to them as required pursuant to Section 4 of the Interest Act (Canada). 3.6. Maximum Charges . In no event whatsoever shall interest and other charges charged hereunder exceed the highest rate permissible under Applicable Law. In the event interest and other charges as computed hereunder would otherwise exceed the highest rate permitted under Applicable Law: (a) the interest rates hereunder will be reduced to the maximum rate permitted under Applicable Law; (b) such excess amount shall be first applied to any unpaid principal balance owed by Borrowers; and (c) if then remaining excess amount is greater than the previously unpaid principal balance, Lenders shall promptly refund such excess amount to Borrowers and the provisions hereof shall be deemed amended to provide for such permissible rate. If any provision of this Agreement would oblige a Canadian Loan Party to make any payment of interest or other amount payable to any Lender in an amount or calculated at a rate which would be prohibited by Applicable Law or would result in a receipt by that Lender of interest at a criminal rate (as such terms are construed under the Criminal Code (Canada)), then, notwithstanding such provision, such amount or rate shall be deemed to have been adjusted with retroactive effect to the maximum amount or rate of interest, as the case may be, as would not be so prohibited by law or so result in a receipt by that Lender of interest at a criminal rate , such adjustment to be effected, to the extent necessary (but only to the extent necessary), as follows: (i) first, by reducing the amount or rate of interest required to be paid to the affected 
 84 

 Lender under this Section; and (ii) thereafter, by reducing any fees, commissions, costs, expenses, premiums and other amounts required to be paid to the affected Lender which would constitute interest for purposes of section 347 of the Criminal Code (Canada). 3.7. Increased Costs . In the event that any Applicable Law or any Change in Law or compliance by any Lender (for purposes of this Section 3.7, the term Lender shall include Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Issuer or Lender and any corporation or bank controlling Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Issuer and the office or branch where Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Issuer (as so defined) makes or maintains any Term SOFR Rate Loans or CDOR Rate Loans) with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or other financial, monetary or other authority, shall: (a) subject Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Issuer to any tax of any kind whatsoever with respect to this Agreement, any Letter of Credit, any participation in a Letter of Credit, any Term SOFR Rate Loan or any CDOR Rate Loan, or change the basis of taxation of payments to Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender or Issuer in respect thereof (except for Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes covered by Section 3.10 and the imposition of, or any change in the rate of, any Excluded Tax payable by Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender or the Issuer); (b) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, assessment, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets held by, or deposits in or for the account of, advances or loans by, or other credit extended by, any office of Agent, Swing Loan Lender, Issuer or any Lender, including pursuant to Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; or (c) impose on Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Issuer any other condition, loss or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or any Other Document or any Advance made by any Lender, or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Issuer of making, converting to, continuing, renewing or maintaining its Advances hereunder by an amount that Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender or Issuer deems to be material or to reduce the amount of any payment (whether of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of any of the Advances by an amount that Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender or Issuer deems to be material, then, in any case Borrowers shall promptly pay Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender or Issuer, upon its demand, such additional amount as will compensate Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender or Issuer for such additional cost or such reduction, as the case may be, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to increased costs which are reflected in the Term SOFR Rate or CDOR Rate, as the case may be. Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender or Issuer shall certify the amount of such additional cost or reduced amount to Borrowing Agent, and such certification shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 3.8. Alternate Rate of Interest; Interest Rate Inadequate or Unfair . In the event that Agent or any Lender shall have determined that: 
 85 

 (a) reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining, the Term SOFR Rate applicable pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof for any Interest Period, or the CDOR Rate; (b) U.S. Dollar deposits (or bankers acceptances) in the relevant amount and for the relevant maturity are not available, with respect to an outstanding Term SOFR Rate Loan (or a CDOR Rate Loan), a proposed Term SOFR Rate Loan (or CDOR Rate Loan), or a proposed conversion of a Domestic Rate Loan into a Term SOFR Rate Loan; (c) the making, maintenance or funding of any Term SOFR Rate Loan or CDOR Rate Loan has been made impracticable or unlawful by compliance by Agent or such Lender in good faith with any Applicable Law or any interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Body or with any request or directive of any such Governmental Body (whether or not having the force of law); or (d) the Term SOFR Rate or the CDOR Rate will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to any Lender of the establishment or maintenance of any Term SOFR Rate Loan or CDOR Rate Loan and Lenders have provided notice of such determination to Agent, then Agent shall give Borrowing Agent prompt written or telephonic notice of such determination. If, with respect to any Term SOFR Rate Loan, such notice is given prior to a Benchmark Replacement Date (as defined below), (i) any such requested Term SOFR Rate Loan shall be made as a Domestic Rate Loan, unless Borrowing Agent shall notify Agent no later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time) two (2) Business Days prior to the date of such proposed borrowing, that its request for such borrowing shall be cancelled or made as an unaffected type of Term SOFR Rate Loan, (ii) any Domestic Rate Loan or Term SOFR Rate Loan which was to have been converted to an affected type of Term SOFR Rate Loan shall be continued as or converted into a Domestic Rate Loan, or, if Borrowing Agent shall notify Agent, no later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time) two (2) Business Days prior to the proposed conversion, shall be maintained as an unaffected type of Term SOFR Rate Loan, and (iii) any outstanding affected Term SOFR Rate Loans shall be converted into a Domestic Rate Loan, or, if Borrowing Agent shall notify Agent, no later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time) two (2) Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the then current Interest Period applicable to such affected Term SOFR Rate Loan, shall be converted into an unaffected type of Term SOFR Rate Loan, on the last Business Day of the then current Interest Period for such affected Term SOFR Rate Loans (or sooner, if any Lender cannot continue to lawfully maintain such affected Term SOFR Rate Loan), and until such notice has been withdrawn, Lenders shall have no obligation to make an affected type of Term SOFR Rate Loan or maintain outstanding affected Term SOFR Rate Loans and no Borrower shall have the right to convert a Domestic Rate Loan or an unaffected type of Term SOFR Rate Loan into an affected type of Term SOFR Rate Loan. If, with respect to any CDOR Rate Loan, such notice is given prior to a CDOR Benchmark Replacement Date (as defined below), (i) any such requested CDOR Rate Loan shall be made as a Canadian Base Rate Loan, unless Borrowing Agent shall notify Agent no later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time) two (2) Business Days prior to the date of such proposed borrowing, that its request for such borrowing shall be cancelled or made as an unaffected type of CDOR Rate Loan, (ii) any outstanding affected CDOR Rate Loans shall be converted into a Canadian Base Rate Loan. 
 86 

 3.8.2 Benchmark Replacement Setting . (a) Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any Other Document (and any agreement executed in connection with an Interest Rate Hedge shall be deemed not to be an Other Document for purposes of this Section titled Benchmark Replacement Setting ), if a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (A) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Other Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any Other Document and (B) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Other Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any Other Document so long as the Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. (b) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Agent may make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the Other Documents, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any Other Document. (c) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations . Agent will promptly notify the Borrowing Agent and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Agent will notify the Borrower of, (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to paragraph (d) below and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.8.2, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any Other Document except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.8.2. (d) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any of the Other Documents, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information 
 87 

 service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor of such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. (e) Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrowers may revoke any pending request for an Advance bearing interest based on the Term SOFR Rate, conversion to or continuation of Advances bearing interest based on the Term SOFR Rate to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrowers will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Domestic Rate Loan. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Base Rate. (f) Certain Defined Terms . As used in this Section 3.8.2: Available Tenor shall mean, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate or is based on a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or a component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor of such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section 3.8.2. Benchmark shall mean, initially, the Term SOFR Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to this Section 3.8.2. Benchmark Replacement shall mean, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: 
 88 

 (1) the sum of (A) Daily Simple SOFR and (B) the SOFR Adjustment for a 1-month Interest Period; (2) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Agent and the Borrowers, giving due consideration to (x) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (y) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention, for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (B) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the Other Documents; provided further that any Benchmark Replacement shall be administratively feasible as determined by the Agent in its sole discretion. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment shall mean, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustments, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Agent and the Borrowing Agent giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. Benchmark Replacement Date shall mean a date and time determined by the Agent, which date shall be no later than the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (A) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (B) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date determined by the Agent, which date shall promptly follow the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of 
 89 

 the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Event shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (2) a public statement or publication of information by a Governmental Body having jurisdiction over the Agent, the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or; or (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or a Governmental Body having jurisdiction over the Agent announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. For avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Unavailability Period shall mean the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Other Document in accordance with this Section 3.8.2 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Other Document in accordance with this Section 3.8.2. 
 90 

 Floor shall means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Term SOFR Rate or, if no floor is specified, zero. Relevant Governmental Body shall mean the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement shall means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 3.8.3 Benchmark Replacement Setting . (a) Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the Other Documents, if Agent determines that a CDOR Benchmark Transition Event or an CDOR Early Opt-in Event has occurred, Agent may amend this Agreement to replace the CDOR Rate with a CDOR Benchmark Replacement in accordance with this Section 3.8.3; and any such amendment shall be in writing, shall specify the date that the CDOR Benchmark Replacement is effective and will not require any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement, including the Borrower. Until the CDOR Benchmark Replacement is effective, each advance, conversion and renewal of a CDOR Rate Loan will continue to bear interest with reference to the CDOR Rate; provided, however, during a CDOR Benchmark Unavailability Period (i) any pending selection of, conversion to or renewal of a CDOR Rate Loan that has not yet gone into effect shall be deemed to be a selection of, conversion to or renewal of a Canadian Base Rate Loan, (ii) all outstanding CDOR Rate Loans shall automatically be converted to Canadian Base Rate Loans, and (iii) if Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Event has occurred, the component of the Alternate Canadian Base Rate based upon the CDOR Rate will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Canadian Base Rate. (b) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the implementation of a CDOR Benchmark Replacement, Agent will have the right to make CDOR Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the Other Documents, any amendments implementing such CDOR Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. (c) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations . Agent will promptly notify Borrowing Agent of (i) the effectiveness of any CDOR Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and (ii) the commencement of any CDOR Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by Agent pursuant to this Section 3.8.3 including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be 
 91 

 made in its sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.8.3. (d) Certain Defined Terms . As used in this Section 3.8.3: CDOR Benchmark Replacement means the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by Agent and Borrowing Agent giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Canadian Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a rate of interest as a replacement to the CDOR Rate for Canadian Dollar-denominated credit facilities and (b) the CDOR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if the CDOR Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than zero, the CDOR Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. CDOR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the CDOR Rate with an alternate benchmark rate for each applicable Interest Period, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by Agent and Borrowing Agent (a) giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the CDOR Rate with the applicable CDOR Benchmark Replacement (excluding such spread adjustment) by the Relevant Canadian Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for such replacement of the CDOR Rate for Canadian Dollar denominated credit facilities at such time and (b) which may also reflect adjustments to account for (i) the effects of the transition from the CDOR Rate to the CDOR Benchmark Replacement and (ii) yield- or risk-based differences between the CDOR Rate and the CDOR Benchmark Replacement. CDOR Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any CDOR Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of CDOR Rate , the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other administrative matters) that Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such CDOR Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of the CDOR Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as Agent decides is necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement). CDOR Benchmark Replacement Date means the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to the CDOR Rate: (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of CDOR Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
 92 

 information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the CDOR Rate permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the CDOR Rate; or (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of CDOR Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. CDOR Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the CDOR Rate: (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the CDOR Rate announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the CDOR Rate, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the CDOR Rate; (2) a public statement or publication of information by a Governmental Body having jurisdiction over Agent, the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the CDOR Rate, the Bank of Canada, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the CDOR Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the CDOR Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the CDOR Rate, which states that the administrator of the CDOR Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the CDOR Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the CDOR Rate; or (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the CDOR Rate or a Governmental Body having jurisdiction over Agent announcing that the CDOR Rate is no longer representative. CDOR Benchmark Unavailability Period means, if a CDOR Benchmark Transition Event and its related CDOR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the CDOR Rate and solely to the extent that the CDOR Rate has not been replaced with a CDOR Benchmark Replacement, the period (x) beginning at the time that such CDOR Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no CDOR Benchmark Replacement has replaced the CDOR Rate for all purposes hereunder in accordance with Section 3.8.2 and (y) ending at the time that a CDOR Benchmark Replacement has replaced the CDOR Rate for all purposes hereunder pursuant to Section 3.8.3. CDOR Early Opt-in Event means a determination by Agent that Canadian Dollar denominated credit facilities being executed at such time, or that include language similar to that contained in this Section 3.8.3, are being executed or amended, as applicable, to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace the CDOR Rate. Relevant Canadian Governmental Body means the Bank of Canada, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Canada or any successor thereto. 
 93 

 3.9. Capital Adequacy . (a) In the event that Agent, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender shall have determined that any Applicable Law or guideline regarding capital adequacy, or any Change in Law or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Body, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by Agent, Swing Loan Lender, Issuer or any Lender (for purposes of this Section 3.9, the term Lender shall include Agent, Swing Loan Lender, Issuer or any Lender and any corporation or bank controlling Agent, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender and the office or branch where Agent, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender (as so defined) makes or maintains any Term SOFR Rate Loans or CDOR Rate Loans) with any request or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on Agent, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender s capital as a consequence of its obligations hereunder (including the making of any Swing Loans) to a level below that which Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender could have achieved but for such adoption, change or compliance (taking into consideration Agent s, Swing Loan Lender s and each Lender s policies with respect to capital adequacy) by an amount deemed by Agent, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender to be material, then, from time to time, Borrowers shall pay upon demand to Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender for such reduction. In determining such amount or amounts, Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender may use any reasonable averaging or attribution methods. The protection of this Section 3.9 shall be available to Agent, Swing Loan Lender and each Lender regardless of any possible contention of invalidity or inapplicability with respect to the Applicable Law, rule, regulation, guideline or condition. (b) A certificate of Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender setting forth such amount or amounts as shall be necessary to compensate Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender with respect to Section 3.9(a) hereof when delivered to Borrowing Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 3.10. Taxes . (a) Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section 3.10, the term Lender includes any Issuer, Swing Loan Lender or any Participant and the term Applicable Law includes FATCA. (b) Payment Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any Obligations of any Loan Party under this Agreement or any Other Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law. If any Applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Body in accordance with Applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings 
 94 

 applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) Agent or any Lender, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. Notwithstanding the submission of documentation by any Lender under Section 3.10(g) hereof claiming a reduced rate of or exemption from U.S. withholding Tax, Agent shall be entitled to withhold United States federal income Taxes at the full 30 withholding rate if in its judgment it is required to do so under the due diligence requirements imposed upon Agent under 1.1441-7(b) of the United States Income Tax Regulations or other Applicable Law. (c) Payment of Other Taxes by the Loan Parties . The Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Body in accordance with Applicable Law, or at the option of Agent, promptly reimburse Agent for the payment of, any Other Taxes. (d) Indemnification by the Loan Parties . Each Loan Party shall jointly and severally indemnify Agent and each Lender, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) paid or payable by Agent or any Lender or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, and any penalties, interest and out-of-pocket expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Body. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to Borrowers by any Lender (with a copy to Agent), or by Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (e) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), and (ii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by Agent in connection with this Agreement or any Other Document, and any expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Body. In addition, each Lender shall severally indemnify Agent under 1.1461-1(e) of the United States Income Tax Regulations against any claims and demands of any Lender for the amount of any Tax it deducts and withholds in accordance with regulations under 1441 of the Internal Revenue Code. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender hereunder or under any Other Document or otherwise payable by Agent to such Lender from any other source against any amount due to Agent under this subsection (e). (f) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Body pursuant to this Section 3.10, such Loan Party shall deliver to Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Body evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to Agent. 
 95 

 (g) Status of Lenders . (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments hereunder or under any Other Document shall deliver to Borrowing Agent and Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by Borrowers or Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation required by Applicable Law as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by Borrowing Agent or Agent, shall deliver such other documentation required by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by Borrowing Agent or Agent as will enable Borrowers or Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Sections 3.10(g)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the applicable Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. (i) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that any Borrower is a U.S. Loan Party, (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to Borrowing Agent and Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of any Borrower or Agent), two (2) duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding Tax; (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrowing Agent and Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrowing Agent or Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under this Agreement or any Other Document, two (2) duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under this Agreement or any Other Document, two (2) duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; (2) two (2) duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Internal Revenue Code, (x) two (2) duly completed and executed copies of a certificate substantially in the form of 
 96 

 Exhibit 3.10-1 hereto to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrowers within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) two (2) duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN; or (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, two (2) duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by two (2) duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (as applicable), two (2) duly completed and executed copies of a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 3.10-2 or Exhibit 3.10-3 hereto, two (2) duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide two (2) duly completed and executed copies of a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 3.10-4 hereto on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrowers and Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrowing Agent or Agent), executed copies of any other form required by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be required by Applicable Law to permit the Borrowers or Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and (D) If a payment to a Lender under this Agreement or any Other Document would be subject to U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to Borrowing Agent and Agent at the time or times required by Applicable Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrowers or Agent such documentation required by Applicable Law (including as required by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrowers or Agent as may be necessary for the Borrowers and Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. (ii) Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrowers and Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 97 

 (h) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 3.10 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.10), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Body with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this subsection (h) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Body) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Body. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection (h), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this subsection (h) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. (i) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 3.10 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of the Obligations. 3.11. Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender (an Affected Lender (a) makes demand upon Borrowers for (or if Borrowers are otherwise required to pay) amounts pursuant to Section 3.7, 3.9 or 3.10 hereof, (b) is unable to make or maintain Term SOFR Rate Loans or CDOR Rate Loans as a result of a condition described in Section 2.2(h) hereof, (c) is a Defaulting Lender, or (d) denies any consent requested by Agent pursuant to Section 16.2(b) hereof, Borrowers may, within ninety (90) days of receipt of such demand, notice (or the occurrence of such other event causing Borrowers to be required to pay such compensation or causing Section 2.2(h) hereof to be applicable), or such Lender becoming a Defaulting Lender or denial of a request by Agent pursuant to Section 16.2(b) hereof, as the case may be, by notice in writing to Agent and such Affected Lender (i) request the Affected Lender to cooperate with Borrowers in obtaining a replacement Lender satisfactory to Agent and Borrowers (the Replacement Lender (ii) request the non-Affected Lenders to acquire and assume all of the Affected Lender s Advances and its Revolving Commitment Percentage as provided herein, but none of such Lenders shall be under any obligation to do so; or (iii) propose a Replacement Lender subject to approval by Agent in its good faith business judgment. If any satisfactory Replacement Lender shall be obtained, and/or if any one or more of the non-Affected Lenders shall agree to acquire and assume all of the Affected Lender s Advances and its Revolving Commitment Percentage, then such Affected Lender shall assign, in accordance with Section 16.3 hereof, all of its Advances and its Revolving Commitment Percentage, and other rights and obligations under this Agreement and the Other Documents to such Replacement Lender or non-Affected Lenders, as the case may be, in exchange for payment of the principal amount so 
 98 

 assigned and all interest and fees accrued on the amount so assigned, plus all other Obligations then due and payable to the Affected Lender. IV. COLLATERAL: GENERAL TERMS 4.1. Security Interest in the Collateral . To secure the prompt payment and performance to each Secured Party (and each other holder of any Obligations) of the Obligations, each Loan Party (other than the Canadian Loan Parties) hereby assigns, pledges and grants to Agent for its benefit and for the ratable benefit of each Lender, Issuer and each other Secured Party, a continuing security interest in and to and Lien on all of its Collateral, whether now owned or existing or hereafter created, acquired or arising and wherever located. Each Loan Party shall mark its books and records as may be necessary or appropriate to evidence, protect and perfect Agent s security interest and shall cause its financial statements to reflect such security interest and hereby acknowledges and confirms that value has been given, that it has rights in the Collateral and that the parties have not agreed to postpone the time for attachment of any security interest constituted hereby to any of the property, assets or undertakings of any the Loan Parties. Each Loan Party shall provide Agent with written notice of all commercial tort claims promptly upon the occurrence of any events giving rise to any such claims (regardless of whether legal proceedings have yet been commenced), such notice to contain a brief description of the claims, the events out of which such claims arose and the parties against which such claims may be asserted and, if applicable in any case where legal proceedings regarding such claims have been commenced, the case title together with the applicable court and docket number. Upon delivery of each such notice, such Loan Party shall be deemed to thereby grant to Agent a security interest and lien in and to such commercial tort claims described therein and all proceeds thereof. Each Loan Party shall provide Agent with written notice promptly upon becoming the beneficiary under any letter of credit or otherwise obtaining any right, title or interest in any letter of credit rights, and at Agent s request shall take such actions as Agent may request for the perfection of Agent s security interest therein. 4.2. Perfection of Security Interest . Each Loan Party shall take all action that may be necessary or desirable, or that Agent may request, so as at all times to maintain the validity, perfection, enforceability and priority (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) of Agent s security interest in and Lien on the Collateral or to enable Agent to protect, exercise or enforce its rights hereunder and in the Collateral, including, but not limited to, (a) immediately discharging all Liens other than Permitted Encumbrances, (b) subject to Section 7.20, obtaining Lien Waiver Agreements, (c) delivering to Agent, endorsed or accompanied by such instruments of assignment as Agent may specify, and stamping or marking, in such manner as Agent may specify, any and all chattel paper, instruments, letters of credit and advices thereof and documents evidencing or forming a part of the Collateral, (d) entering into warehousing, lockbox, customs and freight agreements and other custodial arrangements reasonably satisfactory to Agent, and (e) executing and delivering financing statements, control agreements (other than with respect to Excluded Deposit Accounts), instruments of pledge, mortgages (with respect to Material Owned Real Property only), notices and assignments, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, relating to the creation, validity, perfection, maintenance or continuation of Agent s security interest and Lien under the Uniform Commercial Code, PPSA or other Applicable Law. By its signature hereto, each Loan Party hereby authorizes Agent to file against such Loan Party, one or more financing, continuation or 
 99 

 amendment statements pursuant to the Uniform Commercial Code or PPSA, as applicable, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent (which statements may have a description of collateral which is broader than that set forth herein, including without limitation a description of Collateral as all assets and/or all personal property of any Loan Party). All charges, expenses and fees Agent may incur in doing any of the foregoing, and any local taxes relating thereto, shall be charged to Borrowers Account as a Revolving Advance of a Domestic Rate Loan and added to the Obligations, or, at Agent s option, shall be paid by the Loan Parties to Agent for its benefit and for the ratable benefit of Lenders immediately upon demand. 4.3. Preservation of Collateral . Following the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default, in addition to the rights and remedies set forth in Section 11.1 hereof, Agent: (a) may at any time take such steps as Agent deems necessary to protect Agent s interest in and to preserve the Collateral, including the hiring of security guards or the placing of other security protection measures as Agent may deem appropriate; (b) may employ and maintain at any of any Loan Party s premises a custodian who shall have full authority to do all acts necessary to protect Agent s interests in the Collateral; (c) may lease warehouse facilities to which Agent may move all or part of the Collateral; (d) may use any Loan Party s owned or leased lifts, hoists, trucks and other facilities or Equipment for handling or removing the Collateral; and (e) shall have, and is hereby granted, a right of ingress and egress to the places where the Collateral is located, and may proceed over and through any Real Property owned or leased by any Loan Party. Each Loan Party shall cooperate fully with all of Agent s efforts to preserve the Collateral and will take such actions to preserve the Collateral as Agent may direct. All of Agent s expenses of preserving the Collateral, including any expenses relating to the bonding of a custodian, shall be charged to Borrowers Account as a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan and added to the Obligations. 4.4. Ownership and Location of Collateral . (a) With respect to the Collateral, at the time the Collateral becomes subject to Agent s security interest: (i) each Loan Party shall be the sole owner of and fully authorized and able to sell, transfer, pledge and/or grant a first priority Lien (subject only to Permitted Encumbrances and the Intercreditor Agreement) upon each and every item of its respective Collateral to Agent; and, except for Permitted Encumbrances the Collateral shall be free and clear of all Liens whatsoever; (ii) each document and agreement executed by each Loan Party or delivered to Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement shall be true and correct in all respects; (iii) all signatures and endorsements of each Loan Party that appear on such documents and agreements shall be genuine and each Loan Party shall have full capacity to execute same; and (iv) each Loan Party s Equipment and Inventory shall be located as set forth on Schedule 4.4 hereto, as such Schedule may be updated from time to time, and shall not be removed from such locations without the prior written consent of Agent except with respect to the sale of Inventory in the Ordinary Course of Business and Equipment to the extent permitted in Section 7.1(b) hereof. (b) (i) There is no location at which any Loan Party has any Inventory (except for Inventory in transit) or other Collateral other than those locations listed on Schedule 4.4(b)(i) hereto; (ii) Schedule 4.4(b)(ii) hereto contains a correct and complete list, as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, of the legal names and addresses of each warehouse at which 
 100 

 Inventory of any Loan Party is stored, and none of the receipts received by any Loan Party from any warehouse states that the goods covered thereby are to be delivered to bearer or to the order of a named Person or to a named Person and such named Person s assigns; (iii) Schedule 4.4(b)(iii) hereto sets forth a correct and complete list as of the Second Amendment Effective Date of (A) each place of business of each Loan Party and (B) the chief executive office of each Loan Party; and (iv) Schedule 4.4(b)(iv) hereto sets forth a correct and complete list as of the Second Amendment Effective Date of the location, by state and street address, of all Real Property owned or leased by each Loan Party, identifying which Real Properties are owned (including whether such owned Real Property constitutes Material Owned Real Property) and which are leased, together with the names and addresses of any landlords or other third parties in possession, custody or control of any Collateral. 4.5. Defense of Agent s and Lenders Interests . Until (a) the Payment in Full of all of the Obligations and (b) termination of the Commitments and termination of this Agreement, Agent s interests in the Collateral shall continue in full force and effect. During such period no Loan Party shall, without Agent s prior written consent, pledge, sell (except for sales or other dispositions otherwise permitted in Section 7.1(b) hereof), assign, transfer, create or suffer to exist a Lien upon or encumber or allow or suffer to be encumbered in any way except for Permitted Encumbrances, any part of the Collateral. Each Loan Party shall defend Agent s interests in the Collateral against any and all Persons whatsoever. At any time following demand by Agent for payment of all Obligations, Agent shall have the right to take possession of the indicia of the Collateral and the Collateral in whatever physical form contained, including: labels, stationery, documents, instruments and advertising materials. If Agent exercises this right to take possession of the Collateral, the Loan Parties shall, upon demand, assemble it in the best manner possible and make it available to Agent at a place convenient to Agent. In addition, with respect to all Collateral, Agent and Lenders shall be entitled to all of the rights and remedies set forth herein and further provided by the Uniform Commercial Code, PPSA or other Applicable Law. Each Loan Party shall, and Agent may, at its option, instruct all suppliers, carriers, forwarders, warehousers or others receiving or holding cash, checks, Inventory, documents or instruments in which Agent holds a security interest to deliver same to Agent and/or subject to Agent s order and if they shall come into any Loan Party s possession, they, and each of them, shall be held by such Loan Party in trust as Agent s trustee, and such Loan Party will immediately deliver them to Agent in their original form together with any necessary endorsement. 4.6. Inspection of Premises . At all reasonable times and, absent the occurrence of an Event of Default, during normal business hours, and from time to time as often as Agent shall elect in its sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, Agent and each Lender shall have full access to and the right to audit, check, inspect and make abstracts and copies from each Loan Party s books, records, audits, correspondence and all other papers relating to the Collateral and the operation of each Loan Party s business. Agent, any Lender and their agents may enter upon any premises of any Loan Party at any time during business hours and at any other time, and from time to time as often as Agent shall elect in its sole discretion, for the purpose of inspecting the Collateral and any and all records pertaining thereto and the operation of such Loan Party s business; provided that, absent the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, (a) neither Agent nor any Lender shall exercise any rights pursuant to this Section 4.6 more than three (3) times during any fiscal year, and (b) Agent or any Lender 
 101 

 exercising any rights pursuant to this Section 4.6 shall give the applicable Loan Party or any applicable Subsidiary commercially reasonable prior notice of such exercise. 4.7. Appraisals . Agent may, in its sole discretion, exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, at any time after the Closing Date and from time to time, engage the services of an independent appraisal firm or firms of reputable standing, satisfactory to Agent, for the purpose of appraising the then current values of the Loan Parties assets, and unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Agent shall consult with Borrowing Agent as to the identity of any such firm. In the event the value of the Loan Parties assets, as so determined pursuant to such appraisal, is less than anticipated by Agent or Lenders, such that the Revolving Advances are in excess of such Advances permitted hereunder, then, promptly upon Agent s demand for same, the Borrowers shall make mandatory prepayments of the then outstanding Revolving Advances so as to eliminate the excess Advances. All of the fees and out-of-pocket costs and expenses of any appraisals conducted pursuant to this Section 4.7 shall be paid for when due, in full and without deduction, off-set or counterclaim by Borrowers; provided that, absent the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, Borrowers shall not be required to pay for more than three (3) such appraisals during any fiscal year. 4.8. Receivables; Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts . (a) Each of the Receivables shall be a bona fide and valid account representing a bona fide indebtedness incurred by the Customer therein named, for a fixed sum as set forth in the invoice relating thereto (provided immaterial or unintentional invoice errors shall not be deemed to be a breach hereof) with respect to an absolute sale or lease and delivery of goods upon stated terms of a Loan Party, or work, labor or services theretofore rendered by a Loan Party as of the date each Receivable is created. Same shall be due and owing in accordance with the applicable Loan Party s standard terms of sale and, to the best of the applicable Loan Party s knowledge, without dispute, setoff or counterclaim except as may be stated on the accounts receivable schedules delivered by the Loan Parties to Agent. (b) Each Customer, to the best of each Loan Party s knowledge, as of the date each Receivable is created, is and will be solvent and able to pay all Receivables on which the Customer is obligated in full when due. With respect to such Customers of any Loan Party who are not solvent, such Loan Party has set up on its books and in its financial records bad debt reserves adequate to cover such Receivables. (c) Each Loan Party s chief executive office is located as set forth on Schedule 4.4(b)(iii) hereto (together with any updated provided pursuant to Section 9.17 hereof). Until written notice is given to Agent by Borrowing Agent of any other office at which any Loan Party keeps its records pertaining to Receivables, all such records shall be kept at such executive office. (d) The Loan Parties shall instruct their Customers to deliver all remittances upon Receivables (whether paid by check or by wire transfer of funds) to such Blocked Accounts and/or Depository Accounts (and any associated lockboxes) as Agent shall designate from time to time as contemplated by Section 4.8(h) hereof or as otherwise agreed to from time to time by Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent any Loan Party directly receives any 
 102 

 remittances upon Receivables, such Loan Party shall, at such Loan Party s sole cost and expense, but on Agent s behalf and for Agent s account, collect as Agent s property and in trust for Agent all amounts received on Receivables, and shall not commingle such collections with any Loan Party s funds or use the same except to pay the Obligations, and shall as soon as possible and in any event no later than one (1) Business Day after the receipt thereof (i) in the case of remittances paid by check, deposit all such remittances in their original form (after supplying any necessary endorsements) and (ii) in the case of remittances paid by wire transfer of funds, transfer all such remittances, in each case, into such Blocked Accounts and/or Depository Accounts. Each Loan Party shall deposit in the Blocked Account and/or Depository Account or, upon request by Agent, deliver to Agent, in original form and on the date of receipt thereof, all checks, drafts, notes, money orders, acceptances, cash and other evidences of Indebtedness. (e) At any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent shall have the right to send notice of the assignment of, and Agent s security interest in and Lien on, the Collateral (other than Receivables) to any and all Customers or any third party holding or otherwise concerned with any of the Collateral and to take possession of the Collateral, or both. At any time, Agent shall have the right, exercised in its Permitted Discretion (except that after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default such right shall be exercised in Agent s sole discretion) to send notice of the assignment of, and Agent s security interest in and Lien on, the Receivables to any and all Customers or any third party holding or otherwise concerned with any of the Receivables and Agent shall have the sole right to collect the Receivables. Agent s actual collection expenses, including, but not limited to, stationery and postage, telephone, facsimile, secretarial and clerical expenses and the salaries of any collection personnel used for collection, may be charged to Borrowers Account and added to the Obligations. (f) Agent shall have the right, exercised in its Permitted Discretion (except that after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default such right shall be exercised in Agent s sole discretion), to receive, endorse, assign and/or deliver in the name of Agent or any Loan Party any and all checks, drafts and other instruments for the payment of money relating to the Receivables, and each Loan Party hereby waives notice of presentment, protest and non-payment of any instrument so endorsed. Each Loan Party hereby constitutes Agent or Agent s designee as such Loan Party s attorney with power (i) at any time, in its Permitted Discretion (except that after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default it shall be in Agent s sole discretion): (A) to endorse such Loan Party s name upon any notes, acceptances, checks, drafts, money orders or other evidences of payment or Collateral; (B) to sign such Loan Party s name on any invoice or bill of lading relating to any of the Receivables, drafts against Customers, assignments and verifications of Receivables; (C) to send verifications of Receivables to any Customer; (D) to sign such Loan Party s name on all agreements, documents or instruments deemed necessary or appropriate by Agent to preserve, protect, or perfect Agent s interest in the Collateral and to file same; and (E) to receive, open and dispose of all mail addressed to any Loan Party at any post office box/lockbox maintained by Agent for the Loan Parties or at any other business premises of Agent; and (ii) at any time following the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default: (A) to demand payment of the Receivables; (B) to enforce payment of the Receivables by legal proceedings or otherwise; (C) to exercise all of such Loan Party s rights and remedies with respect to the collection of the Receivables and any other Collateral; (D) to sue upon or otherwise collect, extend the time of 
 103 

 payment of, settle, adjust, compromise, extend or renew the Receivables; (E) to settle, adjust or compromise any legal proceedings brought to collect Receivables; (F) to prepare, file and sign such Loan Party s name on a proof of claim in bankruptcy or similar document against any Customer; (G) to prepare, file and sign such Loan Party s name on any notice of Lien, assignment or satisfaction of Lien or similar document in connection with the Receivables; (H) to accept the return of goods represented by any of the Receivables; (I) to change the address for delivery of mail addressed to any Loan Party to such address as Agent may designate; and (J) to do all other acts and things necessary to carry out this Agreement. All lawful acts of said attorney or designee are hereby ratified and approved, and said attorney or designee taken in accordance with the foregoing shall not be liable for any acts of omission or commission nor for any error of judgment or mistake of fact or of law, unless done maliciously or with gross (not mere) negligence (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment or order); this power being coupled with an interest is irrevocable while any of the Obligations remain unpaid. (g) Neither Agent nor any Lender shall, under any circumstances or in any event whatsoever, have any liability for any error or omission or delay of any kind occurring in the settlement, collection or payment of any of the Receivables or any instrument received in payment thereof, or for any damage resulting therefrom. (h) Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, all proceeds of Collateral (other than Term Loan Priority Collateral) shall be deposited by the Loan Parties into either (i) a lockbox account, dominion account or such other blocked account (each a Blocked Account and collectively the Blocked Accounts established at a bank or banks as may be acceptable to Agent (each such bank, a Blocked Account Bank and collectively, Blocked Account Banks pursuant to an arrangement with such Blocked Account Bank as may be acceptable to Agent or (ii) depository accounts established at Agent for the deposit of such proceeds Depository Accounts ). Subject to Section 6.16(a) of this Agreement, each applicable Loan Party, Agent and each Blocked Account Bank shall enter into a deposit account control or blocked account agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent that is sufficient to give Agent control (as if Agent s security interest in such Blocked Accounts is able to be perfected by control for purposes of Articles 8 and 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code) over such Blocked Accounts and which directs such Blocked Account Bank to transfer such funds so deposited on a daily basis or at other times acceptable to Agent, to Agent, either to any account maintained by Agent at said Blocked Account Bank or by wire transfer to an appropriate account at Agent. All funds deposited in the Blocked Accounts or Depository Accounts shall immediately become subject to the security interest of Agent, for its own benefit and the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, and Borrowing Agent shall obtain the agreement by each Blocked Account Bank to waive any offset rights against the funds so deposited. Neither Agent nor any Lender assumes any responsibility for such blocked account arrangement, including any claim of accord and satisfaction or release with respect to deposits accepted by any Blocked Account Bank thereunder. Agent shall apply all funds received by it from the Blocked Accounts and/or Depository Accounts to the satisfaction of the Obligations (including the cash collateralization of all Obligations relating to any outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.2(b) hereof) in such order as Agent shall determine in its sole discretion, subject to Borrowers ability to re-borrow Revolving Advances in accordance with the terms hereof, provided that, in the absence of any Event of Default, Agent 
 104 

 shall apply all such funds representing collection of Receivables first to the prepayment of the principal amount of the Swing Loans, if any, and then to the Revolving Advances. Furthermore, the parties hereto hereby acknowledge, confirm and agree that the implementation of the cash management arrangements is a contractual right provided to Agent and the Lenders hereunder in order for Agent and the Lenders to manage and monitor their collateral position and not a proceeding for enforcement or recovery of a claim, or pursuant to, or an enforcement of, any security or remedies whatsoever, that the cash management arrangements contemplated herein are critical to the structure of the lending arrangements contemplated herein, that Agent and Lenders are relying on the Loan Parties acknowledgment, confirmation and agreement with respect to such cash management arrangements in making accommodations of credit available to Borrowers and in particular that any accommodations of credit are being provided by the Lenders to Borrowers strictly on the basis of a borrowing base calculation to fully support and collateralize any such accommodations of credit hereunder. (i) No Loan Party will, without Agent s consent, compromise or adjust any material amount of the Receivables (or extend the time for payment thereof) or accept any material returns of merchandise or grant any additional discounts, allowances or credits thereon except for those compromises, adjustments, returns, discounts, credits and allowances as have been heretofore customary in the Ordinary Course of Business of such Loan Party. (j) All deposit accounts (including all Blocked Accounts and Depository Accounts), securities accounts and investment accounts of each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries as of the Second Amendment Effective Date are set forth on Schedule 4.8(j) hereto. No Loan Party shall open any new deposit account, securities account or investment account with a bank, depository institution or securities intermediary other than Agent unless (i) the Loan Parties shall have obtained the prior written approval of Agent and (ii) if required by Agent in its sole discretion, such bank, depository institution or securities intermediary, each applicable Loan Party and Agent shall first have entered into an account control or blocked account agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent sufficient to give Agent control (as if Agent s security interest in such deposit account is able to be perfected by control for purposes of Articles 8 and 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code) over such account other than an Excluded Deposit Account. (k) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, solely with respect to the Canadian Loan Party Bank Accounts, at any time during a Canadian Cash Dominion Period, Agent shall have the sole and exclusive right to direct, and is hereby authorized to give instructions pursuant to any control agreement or otherwise directing, the disposition of funds in the Blocked Accounts and Depository Accounts of a Canadian Loan Party (any such instructions, an Activation Notice to Agent on a daily basis, either to a deposit account maintained at PNC or by wire transfer to a deposit account by Agent at PNC, which such funds may be applied by Agent to repay the Obligations, and, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to cash collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with Section 3.2(b) hereof. Prior to the occurrence of a Canadian Cash Dominion Period, the Canadian Loan Parties shall retain the right to direct the disposition of funds in the Blocked Accounts. At any time during a Canadian Cash Dominion Period, Agent shall apply all funds received by it from the Blocked Accounts and/or Depository Accounts or a Canadian Loan Party to the satisfaction of the Obligations (including the cash collateralization of all Obligations relating to any 
 105 

 outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with the provisions of Section3.2(b) hereof) in such order as Agent shall determine in its Permitted Discretion. 4.9. Inventory . To the extent Inventory held for sale or lease has been produced by any Loan Party, it has been and will be produced by such Loan Party in accordance with the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, modified or supplemented, in the case of Inventory produced by any Loan Party in the United States, and, as the case may be, all rules, regulations and orders thereunder and any equivalent legislation under Canadian Applicable Laws, in the case of Inventory produced by any Loan Party in Canada. 4.10. Maintenance of Equipment . The Loan Parties Equipment shall be maintained in good operating condition and repair (reasonable wear and tear excepted) and all necessary replacements of and repairs thereto shall be made so that the value and operating efficiency of its Equipment shall be maintained and preserved. No Loan Party shall use or operate its Equipment in violation of any law, statute, ordinance, code, rule or regulation, to the extent such violation could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 4.11. Exculpation of Liability . Nothing set forth herein shall be construed to constitute Agent or any Lender as any Loan Party s agent for any purpose whatsoever, nor shall Agent or any Lender be responsible or liable for any shortage, discrepancy, damage, loss or destruction of any part of the Collateral wherever the same may be located and regardless of the cause thereof. Neither Agent nor any Lender, whether by anything herein or in any assignment or otherwise, assume any of any Loan Party s obligations under any contract or agreement assigned to Agent or such Lender, and neither Agent nor any Lender shall be responsible in any way for the performance by any Loan Party of any of the terms and conditions thereof. 4.12. Financing Statements . Except with respect to the financing statements filed by Agent, the financing statements described on Schedule 1.2 hereto, and any financing statements filed in connection with Permitted Encumbrances, no financing statement covering any of the Collateral or any proceeds thereof is or will be on file in any public office. 4.13. Investment Property Collateral . (a) Each Loan Party has the right to transfer all Investment Property, subject to applicable securities laws and the rules of any applicable stock exchange, owned by such Loan Party free of any Liens other than Permitted Encumbrances and will use commercially reasonable efforts to defend its title to the Investment Property against the claims of all Persons. Each Loan Party shall (i) ensure that each operating agreement, limited partnership agreement and any other similar agreement permits Agent s Lien on the Equity Interests of wholly-owned Subsidiaries (other than Foreign Subsidiaries) arising thereunder, foreclosure of Agent s Lien and admission of any transferee as a member, limited partner or other applicable equity holder thereunder and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to provide that each operating agreement, limited partnership agreement and any other similar agreement with respect to any other Person permits Agent s Lien on the Investment Property of such Loan Party arising thereunder, foreclosure of Agent s Lien and admission of any transferee as a member, limited partner or other applicable equity holder thereunder. 
 106 

 (b) Each Loan Party shall, if the Investment Property includes securities or any other financial or other asset maintained in a securities account, cause the custodian with respect thereto to execute and deliver a notification and control agreement or other applicable agreement reasonably satisfactory to Agent in order to perfect and protect Agent s Lien in such Investment Property. (c) Except as set forth in Article XI hereof, (i) the Loan Parties will have the right to exercise all voting rights with respect to the Investment Property and (ii) the Loan Parties will have the right to receive all cash dividends and distributions, interest and premiums declared and paid on the Investment Property to the extent otherwise permitted under this Agreement. In the event any additional Equity Interests are issued to any Loan Party as a stock dividend or distribution or in lieu of interest on any of the Investment Property, as a result of any split of any of the Investment Property, by reclassification or otherwise, any certificates evidencing any such additional shares will be delivered to Agent within ten (10) Business Days and such shares will be subject to this Agreement and a part of the Investment Property to the same extent as the original Investment Property. 4.14. Provisions Regarding Certain Investment Property Collateral . The operating agreement or limited partnership agreement (as applicable) of any Subsidiary (other than a Foreign Subsidiary) of any Loan Party hereafter formed or acquired that is a limited liability company or a limited partnership, shall contain the following language (or language to the same effect): The members of the Company and the Company expressly authorize the pledge of the Membership Interests (the Pledged Collateral to one or more security agents, collateral agents or other agents for lenders to, or purchasers purchasing notes issued by, the Company and/or its affiliates (any such agents or purchasers in such capacity, together with each of their respective successors and assigns, collectively and individually as the context may require, Agent and Agent s successors and assigns, or to any foreclosure upon or subsequent disposition of such Pledged Collateral by Agent in accordance with the terms and conditions of the security documents governing the pledge of the Pledged Collateral, including any limitations thereon set forth therein (each, a Transfer ). In connection with such Transfer, the assignee shall be admitted as a member and shall have all of the rights and powers (including without limitation voting, control, consent, approval and management rights) of the member that previously owned such Membership Interests without any further consent of any member (including without limitation, the right to remove any or all of the managers of the Company and appoint any representatives or designees of Agent to be a manager and any limitations contained in this Agreement inconsistent with the provisions of the security documents or this Section shall be deemed waived, void and of no further force and effect until all obligations of any nature owing from the Company, its direct or indirect parent entities, and/or its direct or indirect subsidiaries, to the Agent and the lenders and/or note purchasers for which the Agent serves as agent have been paid in full). V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Each Loan Party represents and warrants as follows: 5.1. Authority . Each Loan Party has full power, authority and legal right to enter into this Agreement and the Other Documents to which it is a party and to perform all its respective 
 107 

 Obligations hereunder and thereunder. This Agreement and the Other Documents to which it is a party have been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party, and this Agreement and the Other Documents to which it is a party constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and of the Other Documents to which it is a party (a) are within such Loan Party s corporate or company powers, as applicable, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or company action, as applicable, are not in contravention of law or the terms of such Loan Party s Organizational Documents or to the conduct of such Loan Party s business or of any Material Contract or undertaking to which such Loan Party is a party or by which such Loan Party is bound, including the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents and the Wynnefield Loan Documents , (b) will not conflict with or violate any law or regulation, or any judgment, order or decree of any Governmental Body, (c) will not require the Consent of any Governmental Body, any party to a Material Contract or any other Person, except those Consents set forth on Schedule 5.1 hereto, all of which will have been duly obtained prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date and which are in full force and effect and (d) will not conflict with, nor result in any breach in any of the provisions of or constitute a default under or result in the creation of any Lien except Permitted Encumbrances upon any asset of such Loan Party under the provisions of any agreement, instrument, or other document to which such Loan Party is a party or by which it or its property is a party or by which it may be bound, including the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents and the Wynnefield Loan Documents . 5.2. Formation and Qualification . (a) Each Loan Party is duly incorporated or formed, as applicable, and in good standing under the laws of the state or province listed on Schedule 5.2(a) hereto and is qualified to do business and is in good standing in the states or provinces listed on Schedule 5.2(a) hereto which constitute all states and provinces in which qualification and good standing are necessary for such Loan Party to conduct its business and own its property and where the failure to so qualify could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on such Loan Party. Each Loan Party has delivered to Agent true and complete copies of its Organizational Documents and, subject in certain instances to Section 7.15, will promptly notify Agent of any amendment or changes thereto. (b) The only Subsidiaries of the Loan Parties are listed on Schedule 5.2(b) hereto. Schedule 5.2(b) hereto sets forth a true, complete and correct list of all Equity Interests held by Holdings and each Loan Party in each of its Subsidiaries and (ii) includes a true, correct and complete listing of all certificates evidencing all Equity Interests held by Holdings and each Loan Party in each of its Subsidiaries. 5.3. Survival of Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties of such Loan Party in this Agreement and the Other Documents to which it is a party shall be true and correct in all material respects at the time of such Loan Party s execution of this Agreement and the Other Documents to which it is a party, and shall survive the execution, delivery and 
 108 

 acceptance thereof by the parties thereto and the closing of the transactions described therein or related thereto. 5.4. Tax Returns . Each Loan Party s federal tax identification number and/or Canadian business number, as applicable, is set forth on Schedule 5.4 hereto. Each Loan Party has filed all federal, state, Canadian, provincial and other material local Tax returns and other material reports each is required by law to file and has paid all such Taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges that are due and payable, except those which are being Properly Contested. The provision for Taxes on the books of each Loan Party is adequate for all years not closed by applicable statutes, and for its current fiscal year, and no Loan Party has any actual knowledge of any deficiency or additional assessment in connection therewith not provided for on its books. 5.5. Financial Statements . (a) The pro forma balance sheet of Holdings on a Consolidated Basis (the Pro Forma Balance Sheet delivered to Agent prior to the Closing Date reflects the consummation of the Transactions and is accurate, complete and correct and fairly reflects in all material respects the financial condition of Holdings on a Consolidated Basis as of the Closing Date after giving effect to the Transactions, and has been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied. The Pro Forma Balance Sheet has been certified as accurate, complete and correct in all material respects by the President and Chief Financial Officer of Borrowing Agent. All financial statements referred to in this Section 5.5(a), including the related schedules and notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, except as may be disclosed in such financial statements. (b) The twelve-month cash flow and balance sheet projections of Holdings on a Consolidated Basis (the Projections and together with the Pro Forma Balance Sheet, collectively, the Pro Forma Financial Statements delivered to Agent prior to the Closing Date were prepared by the Chief Financial Officer of Holdings, are based on underlying assumptions which provide a reasonable basis for the projections therein, and reflect the Loan Parties judgment based on present circumstances of the most likely set of conditions and course of action for the projected period; provided, the Projections are not to be viewed as facts and that actual results during the period or periods covered by the Projections may differ from such Projections and that the differences may be material. (c) The audited consolidated and consolidating balance sheets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, and such other Persons described therein, as of December 31, 2019, and the related statements of income, changes in stockholder s equity, and changes in cash flow for the period ended on such date, all accompanied by reports thereon containing opinions without qualification by independent certified public accountants, copies of which have been delivered to Agent, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied (except for changes in application to which such accountants concur) and present fairly in all material respects the financial position of Holdings and its Subsidiaries at such date and the results of their operations for such period. The unaudited consolidated and consolidating balance sheets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, and such other Persons described therein, as of September 30, 2020, and the related statements of income, changes in stockholder s equity, and changes in cash flow for the 
 109 

 period ended on such date, copies of which have been delivered to Agent, present fairly in all material respects the financial position of Holdings and its Subsidiaries at such date and the results of their operations at such date. (d) Since December 31, 2019, there has been no change in the condition, financial or otherwise, of the Loan Parties as shown on the consolidated balance sheet as of such date and no change in the aggregate value of machinery, Equipment and Real Property owned by the Loan Parties, except changes in the Ordinary Course of Business, none of which individually or in the aggregate has been materially adverse. 5.6. Entity Names . No Loan Party has been known by any other company or corporate name, as applicable, in the past five (5) years and does not sell Inventory under any other name except as set forth on Schedule 5.6 hereto, nor has any Loan Party been the surviving corporation or limited liability company, as applicable, of a merger or consolidation or acquired all or substantially all of the assets of any Person during the preceding five (5) years. 5.7. O.S.H.A. Environmental Compliance; Flood Insurance . (a) Except as set forth on Schedule 5.7 hereto, each Loan Party is in compliance with, and its facilities, business, assets, property, Leasehold Interests, Real Property and Equipment are (to the extent applicable) in compliance with the Federal Occupational Safety and Health Act, and Environmental Laws and there are no outstanding citations, notices or orders of non-compliance issued to any Loan Party or relating to its business, assets, property, leaseholds or Equipment under any such laws, rules or regulations, except where such non-compliance, citation, notice or order could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. (b) Except as set forth on Schedule 5.7 hereto, each Loan Party (to the extent applicable) has been issued all required federal, Canadian, state, provincial, territorial and local licenses, certificates or permits (collectively, Approvals relating to all applicable Environmental Laws and all such Approvals are current and in full force and effect, except to the extent those which have not been issued or are not current and in full force and effect and the consequences thereof could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. (c) Except as set forth on Schedule 5.7 hereto, and except where the consequences thereof could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect: (i) there have been no releases, spills, discharges, leaks or disposal (collectively referred to as Releases of Hazardous Materials at, upon, under or migrating from or onto any Real Property owned, leased or occupied by any Loan Party, except for those Releases which are in full compliance with Environmental Laws; (ii) there are no underground storage tanks or polychlorinated biphenyls on any Real Property owned, leased or occupied by any Loan Party, except for such underground storage tanks or polychlorinated biphenyls that are present in compliance with Environmental Laws; (iii) all of the Real Property owned, leased or occupied by any Loan Party has never been used by any Loan Party to dispose of Hazardous Materials, except as authorized by Environmental Laws; and (iv) no Hazardous Materials are managed by any Loan Party on any Real Property owned, leased or occupied by any Loan Party, excepting such quantities as are managed in accordance with all applicable manufacturer s instructions and 
 110 

 compliance with Environmental Laws and as are necessary for the operation of the commercial business of any Loan Party or of its tenants. (d) All Real Property owned by the Loan Parties is insured pursuant to policies and other bonds which are valid and in full force and effect and which provide adequate coverage from reputable and financially sound insurers in amounts sufficient to insure the assets and risks of each such Loan Party in accordance with prudent business practice in the industry of such Loan Party. Each Loan Party has (to the extent applicable) taken all actions required under the Flood Laws and/or requested by Agent to assist in ensuring that each Lender is in compliance with the Flood Laws applicable to the Collateral, including, but not limited to, providing Agent with the address and/or GPS coordinates of each structure located upon any Material Owned Real Property that will be subject to a mortgage or deed of trust in favor of Agent, and, to the extent required, obtaining flood insurance for such property, structures and contents prior to such property, structures and contents becoming Collateral. 5.8. Solvency; No Litigation, Violation, Indebtedness or Default; ERISA Compliance . (a) (i) Each Loan Party is, and after giving effect to the Transactions, each Loan Party will be, solvent, able to pay its debts as they mature, (ii) each Loan Party has, and after giving effect to the Transactions, each Loan Party will have, capital sufficient to carry on its business and all businesses in which it is about to engage, (iii) as of the Closing Date, the fair present saleable value of the assets of each Loan Party, calculated on a going concern basis, is in excess of the amount of its liabilities, and (iv) subsequent to the Closing Date, the fair saleable value of the assets of each Loan Party (calculated on a going concern basis) will be in excess of the amount of its liabilities. (b) Except as disclosed in Schedule 5.8(b) hereto, no Loan Party has any pending or, to any Loan Party s knowledge, threatened litigation, arbitration, actions or proceedings that (i) would be reasonably be expected to result in Material Adverse Effect or (ii) could affect the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any Other Document, the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents , the Wynnefield Loan Documents or the consummation of the Transaction. (c) No Loan Party has any outstanding Indebtedness other than the Obligations, except for (i) Indebtedness disclosed in Schedule 5.8(c) hereto and (ii) Indebtedness otherwise permitted under Section 7.8 hereof. (d) No Loan Party is in violation of any applicable statute, law, rule, regulation or ordinance in any respect which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, nor is any Loan Party in violation of any order of any court, Governmental Body or arbitration board or tribunal. (e) No Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group maintains or is required to contribute to any Plan other than those listed on Schedule 5.8(e) hereto. Each Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code and other Applicable Laws and, except as would not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect: (i) Each Loan Party and 
 111 

 each member of the Controlled Group has met all applicable minimum funding requirements under Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code in respect of each Pension Benefit Plan, and each Pension Benefit Plan is in compliance with Sections 412, 430 and 436 of the Internal Revenue Code and Sections 206(g), 302 and 303 of ERISA, without regard to waivers and variances; (ii) each Plan which is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code as currently in effect has been determined by the Internal Revenue Service to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and the trust related thereto is exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code or an application for such a determination is currently being processed by the Internal Revenue Code or the Plan is the subject of a favorable opinion or advisory letter from the Internal Revenue Service on the form of such Plan; (iii) neither any Loan Party nor any member of the Controlled Group has incurred any liability to the PBGC other than for the payment of premiums, and there are no premium payments which have become due which are unpaid; (iv) no Pension Benefit Plan has been terminated by the plan administrator thereof nor by the PBGC, and there is no occurrence which would reasonably be expected to cause the PBGC to institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate any Pension Benefit Plan; (v) the current value of the assets of each Pension Benefit Plan exceeds the present value of the accrued benefits and other liabilities of such Pension Benefit Plan and neither any Loan Party nor any member of the Controlled Group knows of any facts or circumstances which would materially change the value of such assets and accrued benefits and other liabilities; (vi) neither any Loan Party nor any member of the Controlled Group has breached any of the responsibilities, obligations or duties imposed on it by ERISA with respect to any Plan; (vii) neither any Loan Party nor any member of the Controlled Group has incurred any liability for any excise tax arising under Section 4971, 4972 or 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code; (viii) neither any Loan Party nor any member of the Controlled Group nor any fiduciary of, nor any trustee to, any Plan, has engaged in a prohibited transaction described in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code nor taken any action which would constitute or result in a Termination Event with respect to any such Plan which is subject to ERISA; (ix) no Termination Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur; (x) there exists no Reportable ERISA Event; (xi) neither any Loan Party nor any member of the Controlled Group has engaged in a transaction that would reasonably be subject to Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA; (xii) neither any Loan Party nor any member of the Controlled Group maintains or is required to contribute to any Plan which provides health, accident or life insurance benefits to former employees, their spouses or dependents, other than in accordance with Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code; (xiii) neither any Loan Party nor any member of the Controlled Group has withdrawn, completely or partially, within the meaning of Section 4203 or 4205 of ERISA, from any Multiemployer Plan so as to incur liability under the Multiemployer Pension Plan Amendments Act of 1980 and there exists no fact which would reasonably be expected to result in any such liability; and (xiv) no Plan fiduciary (as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA) has any liability for breach of fiduciary duty or for any failure in connection with the administration or investment of the assets of a Plan. (f) Schedule 5.8(f) lists each Canadian Pension Plan (including the applicable registration number(s) and any such plan which contains a defined benefit provision), as such term is defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada) and, except as could not reasonably result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) none of the Canadian Benefit Plans provide retiree welfare benefits or retiree life insurance benefits; (ii) the Canadian Pension Plans are 
 112 

 registered under the Income Tax Act (Canada) and all other Applicable Laws which require registration and to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, no event has occurred which is reasonably likely to cause the loss of such registered status; (iii) except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, all material obligations of each of the Loan Parties required to be performed in connection with the Canadian Pension Plans have been performed in a timely fashion, in accordance with the terms of the particular plan, Applicable Law and the terms of all applicable collective bargaining agreements, participation agreements, employment contracts and funding agreements; (iv) except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, all employer and employee payments and contributions (including normal cost , special payments and any other required payments in respect of any funding deficiencies or shortfalls) required to be withheld, made, remitted or paid by the Loan Parties to or in respect of each Canadian Pension Plan have been withheld, made, remitted or paid on a timely basis in accordance with the terms of such plans, any applicable collective bargaining agreement, participation agreement, employment contract and all Applicable Law; (v) to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, no condition exists and no event or transaction has occurred with respect to any Canadian Pension Plan that is reasonably likely to result in any Loan Party incurring any liability, fine or penalty; (vi) no Lien has arisen or exists in respect of a Loan Party or its property in connection with any Canadian Pension Plan; (vii) to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, there are no material outstanding disputes concerning the assets or liabilities of any Canadian Pension Plan; and (viii) no Loan Party has taken any action or intends to take any action to cause the termination or wind-up, in whole or in part, of any Canadian Pension Plan that contains a defined benefit provision as such term is defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada) and each Loan Party is of the reasonable opinion that no circumstances exist or are expected to arise that would provide any basis for a Governmental Body under Applicable Law to take steps to cause the termination or wind-up, in whole or in part, of any Canadian Pension Plan. (g) No Loan Party currently participates in, contributes to or is obligated to contribute to a pension plan that, if contributed to by a Loan Party would constitute a Canadian Union Plan. 5.9. Intellectual Property . All Intellectual Property owned or utilized by any Loan Party: (a) is set forth on Schedule 5.9 hereto; and (b) constitutes all of the intellectual property rights which are necessary for the operation of its business. Except, in each case, as would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect: (i) such Intellectual Property is valid and has been duly registered or filed with all appropriate Governmental Bodies; (ii) there is no objection to, pending challenge to the validity of, or proceeding by any Governmental Body to suspend, revoke, terminate or adversely modify, any such Intellectual Property and no Loan Party is aware of any grounds for any challenge or proceedings, except as set forth in Schedule 5.9 hereto; (iii) such Intellectual Property owned or held by any Loan Party consists of original material or property developed by such Loan Party or was lawfully acquired by such Loan Party from the proper and lawful owner thereof; and (iv) each of such items has been maintained so as to preserve the value thereof from the date of creation or acquisition thereof, other than with respect to such Intellectual Property that, in the reasonable judgment of such Loan Party, is determined to be uneconomical, negligible or obsolete in the conduct of its business. 
 113 

 5.10. Licenses and Permits . Except as set forth in Schedule 5.10 hereto, each Loan Party (a) is in compliance with and (b) has procured and is now in possession of, all material licenses or permits required by any applicable federal, state, provincial or local law, rule or regulation for the operation of its business in each jurisdiction wherein it is now conducting or proposes to conduct business and where the failure to comply with or procure such licenses or permits could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.11. Default of Indebtedness . No Loan Party is in default in the payment of the principal of or interest on any Indebtedness or under any instrument or agreement under or subject to which any Indebtedness has been issued and no event has occurred under the provisions of any such instrument or agreement which with or without the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, constitutes or would constitute an event of default thereunder. 5.12. No Default . No Loan Party is in default in the payment or performance of any of its contractual obligations and no Default or Event of Default has occurred. 5.13. No Burdensome Restrictions . No Loan Party is party to any contract or agreement the performance of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Loan Party has heretofore delivered to Agent true and complete copies of all Material Contracts to which it is a party or to which it or any of its properties is subject. No Loan Party has agreed or consented to cause or permit in the future (upon the happening of a contingency or otherwise) any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to be subject to a Lien which is not a Permitted Encumbrance, except pursuant to customary provisions restricting pledges, assignments, subletting or other transfers contained in leases, licenses and similar agreements entered in the Ordinary Course of Business (provided that such restrictions are limited to the property or assets subject to such leases, licenses or agreements). 5.14. No Labor Disputes . No Loan Party is involved in any labor dispute; there are no strikes or walkouts or union organization of any Loan Party s employees in existence or, to any Loan Party s knowledge, threatened, that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and no labor contract is scheduled to expire during the Term other than as set forth on Schedule 5.14 hereto. 5.15. Margin Regulations . No Loan Party is engaged, nor will it engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock within the respective meanings of each of the quoted terms under Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as now and from time to time hereafter in effect. No part of the proceeds of any Advance will be used for purchasing or carrying margin stock as defined in Regulation U of such Board of Governors. 5.16. Investment Company Act . No Loan Party is an investment company registered or required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, nor is it controlled by such a company. 5.17. Swaps . No Loan Party is a party to, nor will it be a party to, any swap agreement whereby such Loan Party has agreed or will agree to swap interest rates or currencies unless 
 114 

 same provides that damages upon termination following an event of default thereunder are payable on an unlimited two-way basis without regard to fault on the part of either party. 5.18. Business and Property of the Loan Parties . Upon and after the Second Amendment Effective Date, the Loan Parties do not propose to engage in any types of business other than those substantially the same as engaged in as of the Second Amendment Effective Date or any business reasonably related, and activities necessary to conduct the foregoing. On the Second Amendment Effective Date, each Loan Party will own all the property and possess all of the rights and Consents necessary for the conduct of the business of such Loan Party. 5.19. Ineligible Securities . The Loan Parties do not intend to use and shall not use any portion of the proceeds of the Advances, directly or indirectly, to purchase during the underwriting period, or for 30 days thereafter, Ineligible Securities being underwritten by a securities Affiliate of Agent or any Lender. 5.20. Federal Securities Laws . No Loan Party (other than Holdings) or any of its Subsidiaries (a) is required to file periodic reports under the Exchange Act, (b) has any securities registered under the Exchange Act or (c) has filed a registration statement that has not yet become effective under the Securities Act. 5.21. Equity Interests . The authorized and outstanding Equity Interests of each Loan Party (other than Holdings), and each legal and beneficial holder thereof as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, are as set forth on Schedule 5.21 hereto. All of the Equity Interests of each Loan Party have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non-assessable and have been sold and delivered to the holders hereof in compliance with, or under valid exemption from, all federal and state and provincial laws and the rules and regulations of each Governmental Body governing the sale and delivery of securities. Except for the rights and obligations set forth on Schedule 5.21 hereto, there are no subscriptions, warrants, options, calls, commitments, rights or agreement by which any Loan Party or any of the shareholders of any Loan Party is bound relating to the issuance, transfer, voting or redemption of shares of its Equity Interests or any pre-emptive rights held by any Person with respect to the Equity Interests of the Loan Parties. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.21 hereto, the Loan Parties have not issued any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of its Equity Interests or any options, warrants or other rights to acquire such shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for such shares. 5.22. Commercial Tort Claims . No Loan Party has any commercial tort claims except as set forth on Schedule 5.22 hereto. 5.23. Letter of Credit Rights . As of the Second Amendment Effective Date, no Loan Party has any letter of credit rights except as set forth on Schedule 5.23 hereto. 5.24. Material Contracts . Schedule 5.24 hereto sets forth all Material Contracts of the Loan Parties, which, together with any updates provided pursuant to Section 9.17, are in full force and effect and no material defaults currently exist thereunder. No Loan Party has (i) received any notice of termination or non-renewal of any Material Contract, or (ii) exercised any option to terminate or not to renew any Material Contract, in each case of clauses (i) and (ii) 
 115 

 above, prior to the scheduled maturity or termination thereof, and other than as a result of the satisfaction of all contractual obligations thereunder, as applicable. 5.25. Investment Property Collateral . (a) There are no restrictions on the pledge or transfer of any of the Subsidiary Stock other than restrictions referenced on the face of any certificates evidencing such Subsidiary Stock, restrictions under Applicable Law or restrictions stated in the Organizational Documents of such Loan Party with respect thereto, as applicable; (b) each Loan Party is the legal owner of the Investment Property pledged by it hereunder, which is registered in the name of such Loan Party, a custodian or a nominee; (c) the Investment Property is free and clear of any Liens except for Permitted Encumbrances which, in the case of any Investment Property constituting certificated securities, do not have priority over the Liens of Agent thereon; and (d) the pledge of and grant of the security interest in the Investment Property is effective to vest in Agent a valid security interest therein. 5.26. EICF/CION Term Loan Documents /Wynnefield Loan Documents . Agent has received true, correct and complete copies of the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents and the Wynnefield Loan Documents . None of the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents nor the Wynnefield Loan Documents has been amended or supplemented, nor have any of the provisions thereof been waived, except pursuant to a written agreement or instrument which has heretofore been delivered to Agent. 5.27. Certificate of Beneficial Ownership . The Certificate of Beneficial Ownership executed and delivered to Agent and Lenders for each Loan Party (other than Holdings) on or prior to the Closing Date, as updated from time to time in accordance with this Agreement, is accurate, complete and correct as of the date hereof and as of the date any such update is delivered. 5.28. Disclosure . No representation or warranty made by any Loan Party in this Agreement, the Other Documents, the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents, the Wynnefield Loan Documents or in any financial statement, report, certificate or any other document delivered in connection herewith or therewith contains when furnished any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements herein or therein not misleading. There is no fact known to any Loan Party or which should be known to such Loan Party which such Loan Party has not disclosed to Agent in writing with respect to the Transactions which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.29. Braden Holdings . Holdings is a holding company and does not engage in any operations or business, other than (a) the ownership of 99.998 of the outstanding Equity Interests in Braden Mexico, (b) maintaining its corporate existence pending its dissolution pursuant to Section 6.16(d) hereof, and (c) liabilities, assets, operations and business incidental to the foregoing. VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. Each Loan Party shall, until the Payment in Full of the Obligations, the termination of the Commitments and the termination of this Agreement: 
 116 

 6.1. Compliance with Laws . Comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws with respect to the Collateral or any part thereof or to the operation of such Loan Party s business the non-compliance with which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (except to the extent any separate provision of this Agreement shall expressly require compliance with any particular Applicable Laws pursuant to another standard). 6.2. Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence and Assets . (a) Conduct continuously and operate actively its business according to good business practices and maintain all of its properties useful or necessary in its business in good working order and condition (reasonable wear and tear excepted and except as may be disposed of in accordance with the terms of this Agreement), including all Intellectual Property and take all actions necessary to enforce and protect the validity of any Intellectual Property right or other right included in the Collateral; (b) keep in full force and effect its existence and comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws governing the conduct of its business where the failure to do so could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) make all such reports and pay all such franchise and other taxes and license fees and do all such other acts and things as may be lawfully required to maintain its rights, licenses, leases, powers and franchises under the laws of the United States or Canada any political subdivision thereof; provided, that nothing in this Section 6.2 shall prevent any Loan Party from discontinuing operations of its Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties or its Inactive Subsidiaries in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or maintaining any of the property of its Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties or its Inactive Subsidiaries if such discontinuance is, in the business judgment of such Loan Party, desirable in the conduct of its Subsidiary s business and is not materially adverse to the Lenders. 6.3. Books and Records . Keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries will be made in all material respects of all dealings or transactions of or in relation to its business and affairs (including without limitation accruals for taxes, assessments, Charges, levies and claims, allowances against doubtful Receivables and accruals for depreciation, obsolescence or amortization of assets), all in accordance with, or as required by, GAAP consistently applied in the opinion of such independent public accountant as shall then be regularly engaged by the Loan Parties. 6.4. Payment of Taxes . Pay, when due, all Priority Payables and all Taxes, assessments and other Charges lawfully levied or assessed upon such Loan Party or any of the Collateral, including real and personal property taxes, assessments and charges and all franchise, income, employment, social security benefits, withholding and sales Taxes; provided that no Loan Party shall be required to pay any Tax obligation which is being Properly Contested unless and until the non-payment of such Tax obligation results in a Lien attaching to such Loan Party s property, at which time such Loan Party shall immediately pay the full amount of such Tax obligation. Subject to the foregoing sentence, if any Taxes, assessments or other Charges remain unpaid after the final date fixed for their payment, or if any claim shall be made which, in Agent s reasonable opinion, may possibly create a valid Lien on the Collateral, Agent may without notice to the Loan Parties pay the Taxes, assessments or other Charges and each Loan Party hereby indemnifies and holds Agent and each Lender harmless in respect thereof. Agent will not pay any Taxes, assessments or Charges to the extent that any applicable Loan Party has Properly Contested those Taxes, assessments or Charges. The amount of any payment by Agent under this Section 6.4 shall be charged to Borrowers Account as a Revolving Advance 
 117 

 maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan and added to the Obligations and, until the Loan Parties shall provide Agent with an indemnity therefor (or supply Agent with evidence reasonably satisfactory to Agent that due provision for the payment thereof has been made), Agent may hold without interest any balance standing to the Loan Parties credit and Agent shall retain its security interest in and Lien on any and all Collateral held by Agent. 6.5. Financial Covenants. (a) 6.5. Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio . If Financial Covenant Testing Period shall have commenced, Holdings on a Consolidated Basis shall have maintained, as of the end of the fiscal quarter most recently ended prior to the date of commencement thereof, and for the trailing four fiscal quarter period then ended, and shall maintain, for each fiscal quarter that occurs during such Financial Covenant Testing Period ending December 31, 2022 , and for each fiscal quarter thereafter for the trailing four fiscal quarter period then ended, a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.10 to 1.00. (b) Minimum EBITDA. Cause to be maintained with respect to Holdings on a Consolidated Basis EBITDA of not less than the amount set forth in the chart below for the periods set forth in the chart below: 

Testing Period Minimum EBITDA 1 fiscal month ended February 5, 2023 162,000) 2 fiscal months ended March 5, 2023 177,000 3 fiscal months ended April 2, 2023 818,000 4 fiscal months ended May 7, 2023 1,237,000 5 fiscal months ended June 4, 2023 2,218,000 6 fiscal months ended July 2, 2023 3,261,000 7 fiscal months ended August 6, 2023 4,166,000 8 fiscal months ended September 3, 2023 5,348,000 9 fiscal months ended October 1, 2023 6,495,000 10 fiscal months ended November 5, 2023 7,270,000 11 fiscal months ended December 3, 2023 7,622,000 12 fiscal months ended December 31, 2023 7,882,000 
 6.6. Insurance . (a) (i) Keep all its insurable properties and properties in which such Loan Party has an interest insured against the hazards of fire, flood, sprinkler leakage, those hazards covered by extended coverage insurance and such other hazards, and for such amounts, as is customary in the case of companies in similar locations engaged in businesses similar to such Loan Party s including business interruption insurance; (ii) maintain a bond in such amounts as is customary in the case of companies in similar locations engaged in businesses similar to such Loan Party insuring against larceny, embezzlement or other criminal misappropriation of insured s officers and employees who may either singly or jointly with others at any time have access to the assets or funds of such Loan Party either directly or through authority to draw upon such funds or to direct generally the disposition of such assets; (iii) maintain public and product 
 118 

 liability insurance against claims for personal injury, death or property damage suffered by others; (iv) maintain all such worker s compensation or similar insurance as may be required under the laws of any state or jurisdiction in which such Loan Party is engaged in business; and (v) deliver to Agent (A) copies of all policies and evidence of the maintenance of such policies by the renewal thereof at least thirty (30) days before any expiration date, and (B) appropriate loss payable endorsements in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, naming Agent as an additional insured, lender loss payee and, with respect to coverage on Material Owned Real Property, mortgagee, as applicable, as its interests may appear with respect to all insurance coverage referred to in clauses (i) and (iii) above, and providing (I) that all proceeds thereunder shall be payable to Agent, (II) no such insurance shall be affected by any act or neglect of the insured or owner of the property described in such policy, and (III) that such policy and loss payable clauses may not be cancelled, amended or terminated unless at least thirty (30) days prior written notice is given to Agent (or in the case of non-payment, at least ten (10) days prior written notice). In the event of any loss thereunder, the carriers named therein hereby are directed by Agent and the applicable Loan Party to make payment for such loss to Agent and not to such Loan Party and Agent jointly. If any insurance losses are paid by check, draft or other instrument payable to any Loan Party and Agent jointly, Agent may endorse such Loan Party s name thereon and do such other things as Agent may deem advisable to reduce the same to cash. (b) Each Loan Party shall take all actions required under the Flood Laws and/or requested by Agent to assist in ensuring that each Lender is in compliance with the Flood Laws applicable to the Collateral, including, but not limited to, providing Agent with the address and/or GPS coordinates of each structure on any Material Owned Real Property that will be subject to a mortgage or deed of trust in favor of Agent, and, to the extent required, obtaining flood insurance for such property, structures and contents prior to such property, structures and contents becoming Collateral, and thereafter maintaining such flood insurance in full force and effect for so long as required by the Flood Laws. (c) Agent is hereby authorized to adjust and compromise claims under insurance coverage referred to in Sections 6.6(a)(i) and (iii) and 6.6(b) above and, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, all loss recoveries received by Agent under any such insurance may be applied to the Obligations, in such order as Agent in its sole discretion shall determine. Any surplus shall be paid by Agent to the Loan Parties or applied as may be otherwise required by law. Any deficiency thereon shall be paid by the Loan Parties to Agent, on demand. If any Loan Party fails to obtain insurance as hereinabove provided, or to keep the same in force, Agent, if Agent so elects, may obtain such insurance and pay the premium therefor on behalf of such Loan Party, which payments shall be charged to Borrowers Account and constitute part of the Obligations. 6.7. Payment of Indebtedness and Leasehold Obligations . Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy (i) at or before maturity (subject, where applicable, to specified grace periods) all of its material Indebtedness, except when the amount or validity thereof is currently being Properly Contested, subject at all times to any applicable subordination arrangement in favor of Agent and the Lenders and (ii) when due its rental obligations under all leases under which it is a tenant, and shall otherwise comply, in all material respects, with all other terms of such leases. 
 119 

 6.8. Environmental Matters . (a) Ensure that all of the Real Property owned or leased by any Loan Party and all operations and businesses conducted thereon are in compliance and remain in compliance with all Environmental Laws in all material respects, and it shall manage any and all Hazardous Materials on any Real Property owned or leased by any Loan Party in compliance with Environmental Laws. (b) Establish and maintain an environmental management and compliance system intended to monitor continued material compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws which system shall include periodic environmental compliance audits to be conducted by knowledgeable environmental professionals. All potential material violations and violations of Environmental Laws shall be reviewed with legal counsel to determine any required reporting to applicable Governmental Bodies and any required corrective actions to address such potential violations or violations. (c) Respond promptly to any Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Complaint and take all necessary action in order to safeguard the health of any Person and to avoid subjecting the Collateral or Real Property to any Lien. If any Loan Party shall fail to respond promptly to any Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Complaint or any Loan Party shall fail to comply with any of the requirements of any Environmental Laws, to the extent such failure to comply is reasonably likely to result in a fine or penalty in excess of 500,000, Agent on behalf of Lenders may, but without the obligation to do so, for the sole purpose of protecting Agent s interest in the Collateral: (i) give such notices or (ii) enter onto the applicable Real Property (or authorize third parties to enter onto such Real Property) and take such actions as Agent (or such third parties as directed by Agent) deems necessary or advisable, to remediate, remove, mitigate or otherwise manage with any such Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Complaint. All reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by Agent and Lenders (or such third parties) in the exercise of any such rights, including any sums paid in connection with any judicial or administrative investigation or proceedings, fines and penalties, together with interest thereon from the date expended at the Default Rate for Domestic Rate Loans constituting Revolving Advances shall be paid upon demand by the Loan Parties, and until paid shall be added to and become a part of the Obligations secured by the Liens created by the terms of this Agreement or any other agreement between Agent, any Lender and any Loan Party. (d) With respect to any Material Owned Property on which Agent has a mortgage, promptly upon the written request of Agent from time to time, the Loan Parties shall provide Agent, at the Loan Parties expense, with an environmental site assessment or environmental compliance audit report prepared by an environmental engineering firm acceptable in the opinion of Agent, to assess with a reasonable degree of certainty the existence of a Hazardous Discharge and the potential costs in connection with abatement, remediation and removal of any Hazardous Materials found on, under, at or within all of the Real Property owned or leased by any Loan Party. Any report or investigation of such Hazardous Discharge proposed and acceptable to the responsible Governmental Body shall be acceptable to Agent. If such estimates exceed 500,000, Agent shall have the right to require the Loan Parties to post a bond, 
 120 

 letter of credit or other security satisfactory to Agent to secure payment of these costs and expenses. 6.9. Standards of Financial Statements . Cause all financial statements referred to in Sections 9.7, 9.8, 9.9, 9.10, 9.11, 9.12 and 9.13 hereof as to which GAAP is applicable to be complete and correct in all material respects (subject, in the case of interim financial statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes) and to be prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods reflected therein (except as disclosed therein and agreed to by such reporting accountants or officer, as applicable). 6.10. Federal Securities Laws . Promptly notify Agent in writing if any Loan Party (other than Holdings) or any of its Subsidiaries (a) is required to file periodic reports under the Exchange Act, (b) registers any securities under the Exchange Act or (c) files a registration statement under the Securities Act. 6.11. Execution of Supplemental Instruments . Execute and deliver to Agent from time to time, upon demand, such supplemental agreements, statements, assignments and transfers, or instructions or documents relating to the Collateral, and such other instruments as Agent may reasonably request, in order that the full intent of this Agreement may be carried into effect. 6.12. Government Receivables . Take all steps necessary to protect Agent s interest in the Collateral under the Federal Assignment of Claims Act, the Uniform Commercial Code, PPSA, the Financial Administration Act (Canada) and all other applicable state, provincial or local statutes or ordinances and deliver to Agent appropriately endorsed, any instrument or chattel paper connected with any Receivable arising out of any contract between any Loan Party and the United States, Canada any state, province or territory or any department, agency or instrumentality of any of them. 6.13. Keepwell . If it is a Qualified ECP Loan Party, then jointly and severally, together with each other Qualified ECP Loan Party, hereby absolutely unconditionally and irrevocably (a) guarantees the prompt payment and performance of all Swap Obligations owing by each Non-Qualifying Party (it being understood and agreed that this guarantee is a guaranty of payment and not of collection), and (b) undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by any Non-Qualifying Party to honor all of such Non-Qualifying Party s obligations under this Agreement or any Other Document in respect of Swap Obligations (provided, however, that each Qualified ECP Loan Party shall only be liable under this Section 6.13 for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 6.13, or otherwise under this Agreement or any Other Document, voidable under Applicable Law, including Applicable Law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The obligations of each Qualified ECP Loan Party under this Section 6.13 shall remain in full force and effect until the Payment in Full of the Obligations, the termination of the Commitments and the termination of this Agreement and the Other Documents. Each Qualified ECP Loan Party intends that this Section 6.13 constitute, and this Section 6.13 shall be deemed to constitute, a guarantee of the 
 121 

 obligations of, and a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each other Loan Party for all purposes of Section 1a(18(A)(v)(II) of the CEA. 6.14. Certificate of Beneficial Ownership and Other Additional Information . Provide to Agent and the Lenders, promptly upon request: (a) confirmation of the accuracy of the information set forth in the most recent Certificate of Beneficial Ownership provided to Agent and Lenders; (b) a new Certificate of Beneficial Ownership, in form and substance acceptable to Agent and each Lender, when the individual(s) to be identified as a Beneficial Owner have changed; and (c) such other information and documentation as may be requested by Agent or any Lender from time to time for purposes of compliance by Agent or such Lender with Applicable Laws (including without limitation the USA Patriot Act and other know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations), and any policy or procedure implemented by Agent or such Lender to comply therewith. 6.15. Canadian Pension Plans . Except when the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each Loan Party shall perform in all material respects all obligations required to be performed by such Borrower in connection with each applicable Canadian Pension Plan and remit all contributions under each applicable Canadian Pension Plan and required to be made or paid by it in accordance with Applicable Law and withhold by way of authorized payroll deductions, or otherwise collect and pay into the applicable Canadian Pension Plan, all employee contributions required to be withheld or collected by it in accordance with the terms of each applicable Canadian Pension Plan or Canadian Benefit Plan and Applicable Law. Each Loan Party shall provide to the Agent (i) a copy of each Canadian Pension Plan, (ii) copies of each annual information return, where applicable, actuarial report (including applicable schedules), and any application for regulatory approval of asset withdrawals other than benefit or individual member account transfers with respect to each Canadian Pension Plan or any fund maintained in respect thereof, and (iii) copies of any notifications or remittances or similar documents prepared and delivered to the trustee or custodian of any Canadian Pension Plan pursuant to section 56.1 of the Pension Benefits Act (Ontario) or similar Applicable Law in another jurisdiction. 6.16. Post-Closing Covenants . Deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Agent, or take, or cause to be taken, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, as promptly as practicable following the Closing Date, but in any event no later than the dates referred to below with respect to each such item (or, in each case, such later date as Agent shall agree in its sole discretion), the items or actions set forth below: (a) Within thirty (30) days following the Closing Date, with respect to any deposit or securities maintained by the Loan Parties at a depository institution other than PNC, the Loan Parties shall either (i) close and move such deposit or securities account to PNC or (ii) deliver to Agent fully executed account control agreements for each such deposit or securities account; (b) Within thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, Agent shall have received the following insurance endorsements: (i) Lender Loss Payee Endorsement to the property policy ITD100065033720; (ii) Notice of Cancellation Endorsement to the property policy 
 122 

 ITD100065033720; (iii) Additional Insured Endorsement to the liability policy 1000090435201; and (iv) Notice of Cancellation Endorsement to the liability policy 1000090435201; (c) Within ninety (90) days following the Closing Date, with respect to any deposit or securities maintained by the Loan Parties at a depository institution other than PNC, the Loan Parties shall close and move such deposit or securities account to PNC. (d) Within ninety (90) days following the Closing Date, the Loan Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide to Agent a Lien Waiver Agreement with respect to the following locations: (i) 100 Crescent Centre Parkway, Suite 1240, Tucker, Dekalb County, Georgia 30084; (ii) 2775 Northwoods Pkwy , Norcross, GA 30071; (iii) 591 Pickettville Road, Jacksonville, Duval County, FL 32220; (iv) 2832 Center Street, Deer Park, Harris County, TX 77536; (v) 101 Industrial Park Blvd, Unit 2, Hitchcock, Galveston County, TX 77563; (vi) 18-33 42nd Street, Astoria, Queens, County, New York 11105; (vii) 2543 Ross Clark Circle, Suite #2 Dothan, Houston County, AL3630; (viii) 281 Goderich Street, Unit 3, Port Elgin, Bruce County, ON N0H2C1; and (ix) 625 Goderich Street, Units 1 and 5, Port Elgin, Bruce County, ON N0H2C1. (e) On and after the Closing Date, continue to use commercially reasonable efforts to complete the dissolution of Braden and Braden Mexico and within three (3) Business Days of such dissolution provide evidence to Agent that Braden and Braden Mexico have been dissolved. (f) Provide Agent with written notice substantially simultaneously upon the opening of the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account, which such notice shall identify the name and account number of such Term Loan Priority Collateral Account and shall confirm that such Term Loan Priority Collateral Account has been established at PNC. 6.17. Standing Transfer Order . Have in place at all times on and after the Closing Date a standing transfer order or similar arrangement by which Regions Financial Corporation Regions is instructed to remit, on the Monday of each week following the Closing Date, all of the funds in each Loan Party s bank account established at Regions (other than Excluded 
 123 

 Deposit Accounts) to an account designated by Agent until such time as the Loan Parties have fully complied with Section 6.16(a) hereof. 6.18. Motor Vehicles . Promptly after request by Agent, note, or have noted, Agent s Lien on all certificates of title constituting Collateral, to the extent such Collateral is located in the United States or Canada and subject to motor vehicle registration requirements, provided that Agent shall not request such notation unless such Collateral has a fair market value in excess of 100,000 in the aggregate. VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS. No Loan Party shall, until the Payment in Full of the Obligations, the termination of the Commitments and the termination of this Agreement: 7.1. Merger, Consolidation, Acquisition and Sale of Assets . (a) Enter into any merger, amalgamation, consolidation or other reorganization with or into any other Person, acquire all or a substantial portion of the assets or Equity Interests of any Person, permit any other Person to consolidate with or merge with it, or consummate an LLC Division, except that (i) a U.S. Loan Party may merge, consolidate or reorganize with another U.S. Loan Party or acquire the assets or Equity Interest of another U.S. Loan Party so long as (A) such U.S. Loan Party shall provide Agent with ten (10) days prior written notice of such merger, consolidation or reorganization, (B) in connection with any merger, consolidation or reorganization to which a Borrower is a party, such Borrower is the surviving entity of such merger, consolidation or reorganization, (ii) a Canadian Loan Party (excluding any Canadian Loan Party that may become a Borrower) may merge, amalgamate, consolidate or reorganize with another Canadian Loan Party or acquire the assets or Equity Interest of another Canadian Loan Party so long as such Canadian Loan Party shall provide Agent with ten (10) days prior written notice of such merger, amalgamation, consolidation or reorganization, and (iii) any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may transfer all or substantially all of its assets to a Loan Party and (iv) in the case of any of the foregoing, such Loan Party shall deliver to Agent all of the relevant agreements, documents and instruments evidencing such merger, amalgamation, consolidation or reorganization. (b) Sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or assets (in each case including by way of an LLC Division), except (i) the sale of Inventory and immaterial assets in the Ordinary Course of Business (including allowing any registrations or any applications for registration of any immaterial Intellectual Property to lapse or go abandoned in the Ordinary Course of Business), (ii) Holdings and Braden shall wind-up the affairs of and dissolve Braden Mexico as required by Section 6.16(d), (iii) Holdings shall wind-up the affairs of and dissolve Braden as required by Section 6.16(d), (iv) Holdings may wind-up the affairs of and dissolve any Inactive Subsidiary so long as Holdings provides Agent with at least ten (10) days prior written notice of such wind-up or dissolution, (v) Dispositions of obsolete, worn out or surplus property in the Ordinary Course of Business and Dispositions of property no longer used or useful in the conduct of the business of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, (vi) Dispositions of property to the extent that (x) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property that is promptly purchased or (y) the proceeds of such 
 124 

 Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property (which replacement property is actually promptly purchased), (vii) Dispositions of property to a Loan Party, (viii) Dispositions, such as payments and withdrawals, made in the Ordinary Course of Business, of Cash and Cash Equivalents, that are not otherwise in violation of this Agreement, (ix) the unwinding of any Swap Contract, Interest Rate Hedge or Foreign Currency Hedge, pursuant to their respective terms, (x) Dispositions resulting from any taking or condemnation of any assets or property; provided that the Net Cash proceeds thereof shall be applied in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, (xi) Dispositions, the proceeds of which, when aggregated with the proceeds of all other Dispositions made within the same fiscal year of Holdings, are less than 500,000; provided that (A) the consideration received for such assets shall be in an amount at least equal to the fair market value thereof (determined in good faith by the board of directors of Holdings (or similar governing body)), (B) no less than 100 thereof shall be paid in Cash, and (3) the Net Cash proceeds thereof shall be applied in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, and (xii) any other sales or dispositions expressly permitted by this Agreement. (c) A Loan Party may make Permitted Acquisitions. 7.2. Creation of Liens . Create or suffer to exist any Lien or transfer upon or against any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter created or acquired, except Permitted Encumbrances. 7.3. Guarantees . Become liable upon the obligations or liabilities of any Person by assumption, endorsement or guaranty thereof or otherwise (other than to Lenders) except (a) as disclosed on Schedule 7.3 hereto, (b) guarantees made in the Ordinary Course of Business up to an aggregate amount of 100,000 (c) guarantees by one or more Loan Parties of the Indebtedness or obligations of any other Loan Party (other than an Inactive Subsidiary) to the extent such Indebtedness or obligations are permitted to be incurred and/or outstanding pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement and (d) the endorsement of checks in the Ordinary Course of Business. 7.4. Investments . Purchase or acquire obligations or Equity Interests of, or any other interest in, any Person, other than Permitted Investments and Permitted Joint Ventures solely as permitted pursuant to Section 7.11. 7.5. Loans . Make advances, loans or extensions of credit to any Person, including any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate other than Permitted Loans. 7.6. Capital Expenditures . Contract for, purchase or make any expenditure or commitments for Capital Expenditures in any fiscal year in an aggregate amount for all Loan Parties in excess of 800,000, the calculation of which shall exclude the amount of any Customer Funded Cap Ex, as hereinafter defined; provided , however , that in the event Capital Expenditures during any fiscal year are less than the amount permitted for such fiscal year, then the unused amount may be carried over and used in the immediately succeeding fiscal year. As used herein, the term Customer Funded Cap Ex means, with respect to any Capital Expenditure of any Loan Party, the cash portion of the purchase price thereof to the extent 
 125 

 actually funded on a dollar-for-dollar basis by a customer of such Loan Party, so long as such Loan Party (or the seller of the underlying item, as the case may be) shall have received such cash portion on or prior to the date on which the sale of such underlying item shall have occurred, or within a reasonable period of time after such date, as determined by the Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 7.7. Dividends and Distributions . Declare, pay or make any Restricted Distribution, except that: (a) a Loan Party (other than an Inactive Subsidiary) may make Tax Distributions to its members or shareholders when the applicable income Tax giving rise to such Tax Distribution is due, including in respect of estimated income Tax payments, so long as: (i) no notice of termination of this Agreement shall be outstanding at the time any such distribution is made; (ii) no Event of Default or Default shall have occurred or would occur after giving pro forma effect to such Tax Distribution; (iii) the purpose and calculation of such Tax Distribution shall be set forth in writing and submitted to Agent at least ten (10) days prior to such Tax Distribution and such Tax Distribution shall in fact be used for such purpose; (iv) in the event that (x) the actual distribution to members or shareholders made pursuant to this Section exceeds the actual income Tax liability of any member or shareholder due to such Loan Party s status as a pass-through entity or disregarded entity for federal, state and local income Tax purposes, or (y) such Loan Party was a subchapter C corporation, such Loan Party would be entitled to a refund of income Taxes previously paid as a result of a Tax loss during a year in which such Loan Party is a pass-through entity or disregarded entity for federal, state and local income Tax purposes, then the members or shareholders shall repay to such Loan Party the amount of such excess or refund, as the case may be, no later than the date the annual Tax return must be filed by such Loan Party (without giving effect to any filing extensions), and in the event such amounts are not repaid in a timely manner by any member or shareholder, then such Loan Party shall not pay or make any distribution with respect to, or purchase, redeem or retire, any Equity Interest of such Loan Party held or controlled by, directly or indirectly, such member or shareholder until such payment has been made; (b) to the extent constituting Restricted Distributions, Holdings and its Subsidiaries may enter into and consummate transactions expressly permitted by any provision of 7.1, 7.4, 7.10, 7.17 or 7.18; (c) the Subsidiaries of Holdings may make Restricted Distributions to Holdings; (d) the Subsidiaries of Holdings may make direct or indirect Restricted Distributions to the other Loan Parties; (e) Holdings or any Subsidiary thereof may pay dividends in shares of its own Qualified Equity Interests to the extent such dividends are paid on a pro rata basis among all holders of Equity Interests of Holdings or such Subsidiary; and (f) Holdings may make Restricted Distributions pursuant to and in accordance with stock option plans or other benefit plans for management or employees of Holdings and its Subsidiaries. 7.8. Indebtedness . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, other than (a) Permitted Indebtedness and , (b) Indebtedness arising from the borrowing of a EICF/CION Delayed Draw Term Loan, so long as Holdings on a Consolidated Basis shall have a Leverage Ratio, calculated on a pro forma basis for the period of four trailing fiscal quarters ending closest to the date on which such EICF/CION Delayed Draw Term Loan is made for which the Agent shall have received the financial statements required to be delivered to it pursuant to Section 9.8 hereof, as if such EICF/CION Delayed Draw Term Loan had been funded on the last day of such period, of not greater than 3.25 to 1.00 . and (c) the Wynnefield Indebtedness in an aggregate original principal amount not to exceed 750,000, plus any fees, costs or expenses or incurred or payable in connection therewith, plus any interest accrued 
 126 

 thereon in accordance with the terms of the Wynnefield Loan Documents, so long as such Indebtedness is subject to a Subordination Agreement and no Loan Party makes any payment to the Wynnefield Lenders or otherwise in respect of such Indebtedness. 7.9. Nature of Business . Substantially change the nature of the business in which it is presently engaged or any business reasonably related or ancillary thereto so long as any such business is a service and not manufacturing type business, nor except as specifically permitted hereby purchase or invest, directly or indirectly, in any assets or property other than in the Ordinary Course of Business for assets or property which are useful in, necessary for and are to be used in its business as presently conducted. 7.10. Transactions with Affiliates . Directly or indirectly purchase, acquire or lease any property from, or sell, transfer or lease any property to, or otherwise enter into any transaction or deal with, any Affiliate, except for (a) transactions among the Loan Parties (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) which are not expressly prohibited by the terms of this Agreement and which are in the Ordinary Course of Business, (b) payment by the Loan Parties (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) of dividends and distributions permitted under Section 7.7 hereof, and (c) transactions disclosed to Agent in writing, which are in the Ordinary Course of Business, on an arm s-length basis on terms and conditions no less favorable than terms and conditions which would have been obtainable from a Person other than an Affiliate, (d) the repurchase or redemption of capital stock or other Equity Interest of any Loan Party held by officers, directors or employees or former officers, directors or employees (or their transferees, estates or beneficiaries under their estates) of any Loan Party, upon their death, disability, retirement, severance or termination of employment or service in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 250,000 during any fiscal year of Holdings, (e) customary compensation and indemnification of, and other employment arrangements (including equity incentive plans, employee benefit plans and arrangements, issuance of Equity Interests, payment of bonuses and stock option plans) with, directors, officers and employees of any Loan Party in the Ordinary Course of Business, (f) provision of goods or engineering, design, procurement, project management, quality management or other services by Holdings or any Subsidiary to Holdings or any other Subsidiary pursuant to purchase orders issued in the ordinary course of business in connection with third-party contracts; provided, however, that neither the extension of credit to, nor the assumption, endorsement or guaranty of any Indebtedness of, any Affiliate (other than a Loan Party) shall be deemed to be a transaction in the Ordinary Course of Business for purposes of this Section 7.10, (g) other transactions with any Permitted Joint Venture in the Ordinary Course of Business on terms as favorable as would be obtained by it on a comparable arm s-length transaction with an independent, unrelated third party and, with respect to, material transactions with any Permitted Joint Venture, as determined in good faith by the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of Holdings, and (h) the provision of insurance by a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary to a Loan Party in the Ordinary Course of Business , and (i) the Wynnefield Indebtedness and the transactions contemplated thereby to the extent expressly permitted under Section 7.8 . 7.11. Permitted Joint Ventures . Borrowers may make (i) subsequent investment in Permitted Joint Ventures existing on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.11 hereto and (ii) investments consisting of the formation and capitalization of Permitted Joint Ventures after the Closing Date so long as (x) the aggregate amount of all such cash and non-cash investments does 
 127 

 not exceed 1,000,000 at any one time outstanding, (y) the Loan Parties and the Subsidiaries of the Loan Parties shall not be party to more than seven (7) Permitted Joint Ventures at any time, (z) with respect to Permitted Joint Ventures formed after the Closing Date, no Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries shall guaranty or commit to guaranteeing the obligations of any such Permitted Joint Venture without the prior written consent of Agent. 7.12. Subsidiaries . (a) Form any Subsidiary unless such Loan Party (other than an Inactive Subsidiary) provides at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of such formation and (i) such Subsidiary is not a Foreign Subsidiary, (ii) at Agent s discretion, such Subsidiary expressly joins this Agreement as a Loan Party and becomes jointly and severally liable for the Obligations, and (iii) Agent shall have received all documents, including without limitation, legal opinions and appraisals it may require to establish compliance with each of the foregoing conditions in connection therewith, provided , however , no Captive Insurance Subsidiary shall be required to join this Agreement as a Loan Party or become jointly and severally liable for the Obligations if such Loan Party delivers evidence to Agent in form and substance acceptable to Agent that such Captive Insurance Subsidiary is prohibited by Applicable Law from incurring contingent liabilities arising under this Agreement or a Guaranty in its capacity as a guarantor, provided, further, that notwithstanding the forgoing, a Loan Party (other than an Inactive Subsidiary) may form a Foreign Subsidiary upon obtaining Agent s prior written consent and otherwise complying with this Section 7.12(a). (b) Form any Captive Insurance Subsidiary unless (i) the applicable Borrower has provided to Agent, at least 30 Business Days (or such shorter period as Agent may agree in its sole discretion) prior to the date on which such Borrower wishes to form such Captive Insurance Subsidiary, a request for Agent s consent to form such Captive Insurance Subsidiary, (ii) the applicable Borrower has provided to Agent a summary of all material information regarding such proposed Captive Insurance Subsidiary and its proposed activities and any other detail reasonably requested by Agent in connection therewith, including, without limitation, details related to whether such Captive Insurance Subsidiary will be prohibited by Applicable Law from incurring contingent liabilities arising under this Agreement or a Guaranty in its capacity as a guarantor and (iii) Agent shall have provided the applicable Borrower with written consent to form such Captive Insurance Subsidiary; provided, that if Agent has not made such a determination by the date that is 30 Business Days after receipt of a notice from Borrower pursuant to the above clause (i), then Agent shall be deemed to have rejected such request by such Borrower. (c) Enter into any partnership, Joint Venture (other than a Permitted Joint Venture) or similar arrangement. 7.13. Fiscal Year and Accounting Changes . Change its fiscal year from December 31 or make any significant change (a) in accounting treatment and reporting practices except as required by GAAP or (b) in tax reporting treatment except as required by law. 7.14. Pledge of Credit . Now or hereafter pledge Agent s or any Lender s credit on any purchases, commitments or contracts or for any purpose whatsoever or use any portion of any 
 128 

 Advance in or for any business other than such Loan Party s business operations as conducted on the Closing Date or any business reasonably related or ancillary thereto so long as any such business is a service and not manufacturing type business. 7.15. Amendment of Organizational Documents . (a) Change its legal name, (b) change its form of legal entity (e.g., converting from a corporation to a limited or unlimited liability company or vice versa), (c) change its jurisdiction of organization or become (or attempt or purport to become) organized in more than one jurisdiction, or (d) otherwise amend, modify or waive any term or material provision of its Organizational Documents unless required by law, in any such case without (i) giving at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of such intended change to Agent, (ii) if applicable, having received from Agent confirmation that Agent has taken all steps necessary for Agent to continue the perfection of and protect the enforceability and priority of its Liens in the Collateral belonging to such Loan Party and in the Equity Interests of such Loan Party and (iii) in the event any such amendment, modification or waiver would be adverse to the interests of Agent or any Lender, having received the prior written consent of Agent and Required Lenders to such amendment, modification or waiver. 7.16. Compliance with ERISA . (a) (i) (x) Maintain or permit any member of the Controlled Group to maintain, or (y) become obligated to contribute, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to become obligated to contribute, to any Pension Benefit Plan, other than those Plans disclosed on Schedule 5.8(d) hereto, or Multiemployer Plan, except as would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) engage, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to engage, in any non-exempt prohibited transaction , as that term is defined or described in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, (iii) terminate, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to terminate, any Pension Benefit Plan where such event would reasonably be expected to result in any liability of any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group or the imposition of a lien on the property of any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group pursuant to Section 4068 of ERISA, (iv) incur, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to incur, any withdrawal liability to any Multiemployer Plan; (v) fail promptly to notify Agent of the occurrence of any Termination Event, (vi) fail to comply, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to fail to comply, with the requirements of ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code or other Applicable Laws in respect of any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, (vii) fail to meet, permit any member of the Controlled Group to fail to meet, or permit any Pension Benefit Plan to fail to meet all minimum funding requirements under ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code, without regard to any waivers or variances, or postpone or delay or allow any member of the Controlled Group to postpone or delay any funding requirement with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, or (viii) cause, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to cause, a representation or warranty in Section 5.8(d) hereof to cease to be true and correct. (b) No Loan Party shall (i) except as required by Applicable Law or except as could not reasonably result in a Material Adverse Effect, commence to participate in, maintain, contribute or assume an obligation to contribute to any single or multi-employer pension plan that contains a defined benefit provision, as such term is defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada) for employees or former employees of a Borrower, arising from 
 129 

 employment in Canada (including, for greater certainty, any pension plan which would constitute a Canadian Union Plan if contributed to by a Borrower) other than those Canadian Pension Plans disclosed on Schedule 5.9(b), (ii) without the prior consent of the Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) acquire an interest in any Person if such Person sponsors, administers, maintains or contributes to, or has any liability in respect of, the defined benefit provision, as such term is defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada), of any pension plan which would constitute a Canadian Pension Plan or a Canadian Union Plan if contributed to by a Borrower, (iii) take any action to cause the wind-up, in whole or in part, of any Canadian Pension Plan or which would cause circumstances to exist that would reasonably be expected to provide any basis for a Governmental Body under Applicable Law to take steps to cause the wind-up, in whole or in part, of any Canadian Pension Plan, (iv) except when the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, fail to meet all required minimum funding requirements under Applicable Law with respect to any Canadian Pension Plan, (v) fail promptly to notify Agent of the occurrence of any Canadian Pension Event, (vi) except when the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, fail to comply with the requirements of Applicable Law in respect of any Canadian Pension Plan, or (vii) cause a representation or warranty in Section 5.9(b) to cease to be true and correct. 7.17. Prepayment of Indebtedness . At any time, directly or indirectly, prepay any Indebtedness, or repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire any Indebtedness of any Loan Party other than (a) Indebtedness owed to Lenders, (b) as permitted pursuant to Section 7.18 hereof, (c) Indebtedness secured by a Permitted Encumbrance if the asset securing such Indebtedness has been sold or otherwise disposed of in accordance with Section 7.1 and (d) intercompany Indebtedness owing from one or more Loan Parties (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) to any other one or more Loan Parties (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) permitted pursuant to clause (g) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness . 7.18. EICF/CION Term Loan . At any time, directly or indirectly, pay, prepay, repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire, or make any payment on account of any principal of, interest on or premium payable in connection with the repayment or redemption of the EICF/CION Term Loan, provided, however, that (I) (a) the Loan Parties may make regularly scheduled payments of interest on and principal of the EICF/CION Term Loans, at the times and in the amounts set forth in the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement as in effect on the Closing Date, or as amended in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, (b) the Loan Parties may make payment of fees, expenses, indemnities or other obligations when due and payable in accordance with the terms of the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents as in effect on the Closing Date, or as amended in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, (c) other than Mandatory Prepayments of principal on the EICF/CION Term Loans based on Excess Cash Flow (as such terms are defined in the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement as in effect on the Closing Date), the Loan Parties may make Mandatory Prepayments of such principal in accordance with the terms of the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement as in effect on the Closing Date, or as amended in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, and (d) the Loan Parties may make Mandatory Prepayments of principal on the EICF/CION Term Loans based on Excess Cash Flow in accordance with the terms of, and as such terms are defined in, the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement as in effect on the Closing Date (each an ECF Payment ), so long as the following conditions (the ECF Payment Conditions shall have been 
 130 

 met: (i) immediately before and immediately after giving effect to such ECF Payment, no Event of Default shall have occurred and shall then be continuing, (ii) the Agent and the Lenders shall have received the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 9.7 hereof for the fiscal year then ended, (iii) the Borrowers shall have Liquidity, after giving effect to such ECF Payment, of not less than 3,500,000 and (iv) the Agent shall have received a Certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, duly executed by, and prepared by or under the direction of, the Chief Financial Officer or Controller of the Borrowing Agent, pursuant to which such officer shall certify the absence of any such Event of Default, and the calculation of such ECF Payment, the aggregate amount of the related Excess Cash Flow and such Liquidity. As used herein, the term Liquidity means, as of the applicable date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (i) Undrawn Availability, calculated with respect to the Formula Amount pursuant to the Borrowing Base Certificate then most recently delivered to the Agent, and calculated with respect to the outstanding principal balance of Revolving Advances as of the proposed date of such ECF Payment, plus (ii) the aggregate amount of unrestricted cash of the Borrowers on deposit in bank accounts that are not subject to any Liens other than (x) Liens in favor of the Agent to secure the Obligations, (y) Liens in favor of the EICF/CION Term Loan Agent to secure the Obligations as such term is defined in the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement and (z) customary banker s liens and set off rights in favor of each of the depository institutions at which such bank accounts are maintained, provided that if, with respect to such cash then on deposit in any such bank account (other than a Depository Account or a Blocked Account into which proceeds of Receivables are deposited) the Borrowers have a contractual obligation, pursuant to this Agreement or the Term Loan Agreement, to make a mandatory prepayment (other than any mandatory prepayment of Excess Cash Flow under the Term Loan Agreement), of either the Obligations or such Obligations, then the amount of such cash shall be included in the calculation of Liquidity only to the extent that the Agent, or the EICF/CION Term Loan Agent, as the case may be, shall have irrevocably waived its right to receive such mandatory prepayment from such cash, and (II) in the event that on the date of a proposed ECF Payment, the Borrowers are unable to fully comply with clause (iii) of the ECF Payment Conditions, then, provided that all of the other ECF Payment Conditions shall have been met on such date, the Borrowers may make a partial ECF Payment, to the extent that after giving effect thereto, the ECF Payment Condition set forth in such clause (iii) shall have been fully met, and, with respect to the amount of the proposed ECF Payment that was not made because of such inability to so comply with such clause (iii) (such amount, the ECF Payment Shortfall ), the Borrowers may make catch up payments of such ECF Payment Shortfall in one or more installments on each date that is 1 Business Day after the date that the next Borrowing Base Certificate is delivered to the Agent that evidences sufficient Undrawn Availability, as set forth in such Borrowing Base Certificate, together with other cash that qualifies as Liquidity within the definition thereof, such that the ECF Payment Condition contained in clause (iii) thereof is satisfied as of such date that is 1 Business Day after the date of delivery of such Borrowing Base Certificate, provided no such catch up payment may be made sooner than 30 days after the date on which the most recent partial ECF Payment or prior catch-up payment shall have been made, and provided further, that in accordance with the foregoing, partial ECF Payments shall continue to be permitted if the ECF Payment Condition contained in clause (iii) thereof would be satisfied if only a partial payment is made. 7.19. Other Agreements . Enter into any material amendment, waiver or modification of (a) the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents or any related agreements, except for amendments or 
 131 

 modifications made in full compliance with the Intercreditor Agreement or (b) the Wynnefield Loan Documents . 7.20. Locations . No Loan Party shall move its chief executive office from the location set forth on Schedule 4.4(b)(iii) hereto (as updated from time to time), permit its material books and records or servers which contain information or data not available at its chief executive office to be located at any location not set forth on Schedule 4.4(b)(iii) hereto, or maintain any place of business other than those set forth on Schedule 4.4 hereto, in each case, without (a) providing Agent with prior written notice thereof, which notice shall be deemed to update Schedule 4.4 hereto, and (b) if requested by Agent with respect to locations of material books, records and servers, using commercially reasonable efforts to provide to Agent a Lien Waiver Agreement duly executed by the owner or lessor of such location. 7.21. Canadian Loan Party Bank Accounts . Allow any Canadian Loan Party to maintain deposits in any Canadian Loan Party Bank Account at any one time in excess of 3,000,000 for all such Canadian Loan Party Bank Accounts in the aggregate. The Canadian Loan Party shall cause any such excess to promptly be deposited into a Depository Account in U.S. Dollars. Agent may at any time and from time to time request evidence of the balances in any Canadian Loan Party Bank Account and, upon any such request, the Loan Parties shall deliver to Agent a snap shot reflecting the balances as of the close of business of the date any such request was made. 7.22. Canadian Loan Parties . No Canadian Loan Party shall own any property or assets in the United States without first executing and delivering to Agent a security agreement governed by New York law and such other security documents requested by Agent or any Lender to protect, secure, perfect Agent s security interest and Lien on any such property or assets constituting Collateral, all in form and substance acceptable to Agent. 7.23. Inactive Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, allow any Inactive Subsidiary to (i) engage in any business activities or conduct any operations, other than maintaining its corporate existence pending its dissolution pursuant to Section 7.1 hereof, (ii) own any material assets, (iii) have any Subsidiaries or (iv) have or incur any liabilities (other than (A) those existing as of the Closing Date and (B) any contingent liability arising under this Agreement, any of the Other Documents or any of the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents), without first obtaining Agent s prior written consent. 7.24. Capital Provision Agreement . Amend the Capital Provision Agreement or any financing statement or other document related thereto without Agent s prior written consent. 7.25. Term Loan Priority Collateral Account . Deposit any Cash or Cash Equivalents in the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account unless required by the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement in effect on the Closing Date without providing Agent prior written notice thereof, which such written notice shall include an accounting, in reasonable detail, of the item sold and/or event that triggered the requirement under the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement of such Loan Party to make such deposit. 
 132 

 VIII. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT. 8.1. Conditions to Initial Advances . The agreement of Lenders to make the initial Advances requested to be made on the Closing Date is subject to the satisfaction, or waiver by Agent, immediately prior to or concurrently with the making of such Advances, of the following conditions precedent, each in form and substance acceptable to Agent: (a) Other Documents . Agent shall have received each of the Other Documents, in each case duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Loan Parties and any other Person party thereto; (b) Intercreditor Agreement . Agent and EICF/CION Term Loan Agent shall have entered into the Intercreditor Agreement; (c) Standing Transfer Order . Agent shall have documentation evidencing that a standing transfer order has been executed, or similar arrangement has been made, by the Loan Parties in compliance with Section 6.17 hereof and confirmation that Regions has initiated the instructions contained therein; (d) Financial Condition Certificate . Agent shall have received an executed Financial Condition Certificate in the form of Exhibit 8.1(d) attached hereto; (e) Closing Certificate . Agent shall have received a closing certificate signed by the Chief Financial Officer of each Loan Party dated as of the Closing Date, stating that (i) all representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement and the Other Documents are true and correct on and as of such date, and (ii) on such date no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing; (f) Stock Certificates . Agent shall have received copies of stock certificates representing 100 (or 66.67 , as applicable) of the Equity Interests of each Subsidiary of Holdings, together with stock powers executed in blank, to the extent such Equity Interests are certificated; (g) Borrowing Base . Agent shall have received a Borrowing Base Certificate providing evidence that the aggregate amount of Eligible Canadian Receivables, Eligible Receivables, Eligible Unbilled Canadian Receivables and Eligible Unbilled Receivables is sufficient in value and amount to support Revolving Advances in the amount requested by the Borrowers on the Closing Date; (h) Undrawn Availability . After giving effect to the initial Advances, the Borrowers shall have Undrawn Availability of at least 7,500,000; (i) Blocked Accounts . The Loan Parties shall have opened the Depository Accounts with Agent and/or Agent shall have received duly executed agreements establishing the Blocked Accounts with one or more Blocked Account Banks for the collection or servicing of the Receivables and proceeds of the Collateral and Agent shall have received, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, deposit account control agreements among Agent, 
 133 

 each applicable Loan Party and each applicable Blocked Account Bank with respect to such Blocked Accounts; (j) EICF/CION Term Loan Documents . Agent shall have received final executed copies of the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents, all of which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and shall be in effect on the Closing Date and the transactions contemplated by EICF/CION Term Loan Documents shall be consummated simultaneously with the making of the initial Advances including, without limitation, the receipt by the Loan Parties of the proceeds of the EICF/CION Closing Date Term Loan; (k) Filings, Registrations and Recordings . Each document (including any Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, and PPSA financing statements, Uniform Commercial Code termination statements and PPSA termination statements) required by this Agreement, any of the Other Documents or under Applicable Law or requested by Agent to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create, in favor of Agent, a perfected security interest in or lien upon the Collateral and in order to terminate the perfected security interest in or lien upon the Collateral of Existing Lenders shall have been properly filed, registered or recorded in each jurisdiction in which the filing, registration or recordation thereof is so required or requested, and Agent shall have received an acknowledgment copy, or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to it, of each such filing, registration or recordation and reasonably satisfactory evidence of the payment of any necessary fee, tax or expense relating thereto; (l) Payoff Letter . Agent shall have received, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, a payoff letter from each Existing Lender providing that, among other things, all of the Indebtedness of the Loan Parties under the Existing Loan Documents has been paid and satisfied in full; (m) Secretary s Certificates, Authorizing Resolutions and Good Standing Certificates . Agent shall have received, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, a certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary (or other equivalent officer or manager) of each Loan Party dated as of the Closing Date which shall certify (i) copies of resolutions, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, of the board of directors (or other equivalent governing body or member) of such Loan Party authorizing (x) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Other Documents to which such Loan Party is a party (including authorization of the incurrence of Indebtedness, borrowing of Advances and requesting of Letters of Credit on a joint and several basis with all Loan Parties as provided for herein), and (y) the granting by such Loan Party of the Liens upon the Collateral to secure all of the joint and several Obligations of the Loan Parties (and such certificate shall state that such resolutions have not been amended, modified, revoked or rescinded as of the date of such certificate), (ii) the incumbency and signature of the officers of such Loan Party authorized to execute this Agreement and the Other Documents, (iii) copies of the Organizational Documents of such Loan Party as in effect on such date, complete with all amendments thereto, and (iv) the good standing (or equivalent status) of such Loan Party in its jurisdiction of organization and each applicable jurisdiction where the conduct of such Loan Party s business activities or the ownership of its properties necessitates qualification and where the failure to so qualify could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on such Loan Party, as evidenced by good standing certificates (or the equivalent thereof issued by any applicable jurisdiction) dated 
 134 

 not more than thirty (30) days prior to the Closing Date, issued by the Secretary of State or other appropriate official of each such jurisdiction; (n) Legal Opinion . Agent shall have received, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, the executed legal opinions of Thompson Hine LLP (US counsel to the Loan Parties and Fasken Martineau DuMoulin LLP (Canadian counsel to the Loan Parties which shall cover such matters incident to the Transactions as Agent may reasonably require and each Loan Party hereby authorizes and directs such counsel to deliver such opinions to Agent and Lenders; (o) No Litigation . No litigation, investigation or proceeding before or by any arbitrator or Governmental Body shall be continuing or, to any Loan Party s knowledge, threatened against any Loan Party or against the officers or directors of any Loan Party (A) in connection with this Agreement, the Other Documents, the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents, the Wynnefield Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or (B) which could, in the reasonable opinion of Agent, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) no injunction, writ, restraining order or other order of any nature materially adverse to any Loan Party or the conduct of its business or inconsistent with the due consummation of the Transactions shall have been issued by any Governmental Body; (p) Collateral Examination . Agent shall have completed Collateral examinations and received appraisals, the results of which shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Agent, of the Receivables, Inventory, General Intangibles, and Equipment of each Loan Party and all books and records in connection therewith; (q) Fees . Agent shall have received all fees payable to Agent and Lenders on or prior to the Closing Date hereunder, including pursuant to Article III hereof and the Fee Letter; (r) Pro Forma Financial Statements . Agent shall have received a copy of the Pro Forma Financial Statements which shall be reasonably satisfactory in all respects to Agent; (s) Insurance . Agent shall have received, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, (i) evidence that adequate insurance, including without limitation, casualty and liability insurance, required to be maintained under this Agreement is in full force and effect, (ii) insurance certificates issued by the Loan Parties insurance broker containing such information regarding the Loan Parties casualty and liability insurance policies as Agent shall request and naming Agent as an additional insured and lenders loss payee, as applicable; (t) Payment Instructions . Agent shall have received written instructions from Borrowing Agent directing the application of proceeds of the initial Advances made pursuant to this Agreement; (u) Consents . Agent shall have received any and all Consents necessary to permit the effectuation of the Transactions and Agent shall have received such Consents and waivers of such third parties as might assert claims with respect to the Collateral, as Agent shall deem necessary; 
 135 

 (v) No Material Adverse Effect . (i) Since December 31, 2019, there shall not have occurred any event, condition or state of facts which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) no representations made or information supplied to Agent or Lenders shall have been proven to be inaccurate or misleading in any material respect; (w) Contract Review . Agent shall have received and reviewed all Material Contracts of the Loan Parties including all material leases, union contracts, labor contracts, vendor supply contracts, license agreements and distributorship agreements and such Contracts and agreements shall be reasonably satisfactory in all respects to Agent; (x) Meeting with Management . Agent shall have met with the management of Loan Parties and shall have been satisfied with the results of such meeting; (y) Compliance with Laws . Agent shall be satisfied that each Loan Party is in compliance in all material respects with all pertinent federal, state, provincial, local or territorial regulations, including those with respect to the Federal Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Environmental Protection Act, ERISA and the Anti-Terrorism Laws; (z) Certificate of Beneficial Ownership; USA Patriot Act Diligence . Agent and each Lender shall have received, in form and substance acceptable to Agent, a Certificate of Beneficial Ownership duly authorized, executed and delivered by each Loan Party (other than Holdings) and such other documentation and other information requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA Patriot Act; and (aa) Other . All corporate and other proceedings, and all documents, instruments and other legal matters in connection with the Transactions shall be satisfactory in form and substance to Agent. 8.2. Conditions to Each Advance . The agreement of Lenders to make any Advance requested to be made on any date (including the initial Advance), is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent as of the date such Advance is made: (a) Representations and Warranties . Each of the representations and warranties made by any Loan Party in or pursuant to this Agreement and the Other Documents, and each of the representations and warranties in any agreement, document, instrument, certificate or financial or other statement provided at any time under or in connection with this Agreement and the Other Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of such date as if made on and as of such date (except to the extent any such representation or warranty expressly relates only to any earlier and/or specified date); (b) No Default . No Event of Default or Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date, or would exist after giving effect to the Advances requested to be made, on such date; provided, however that Agent, in its sole discretion, may continue to make Advances notwithstanding the existence of an Event of Default or Default and that any Advances so made shall not be deemed a waiver of any such Event of Default or Default; and 
 136 

 (c) Maximum Advances . In the case of any type of Advance requested to be made, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of such type of Advance shall not exceed the maximum amount of such type of Advance permitted under this Agreement. Each request for an Advance by any Borrower hereunder shall constitute a representation and warranty by each Loan Party as of the date of such Advance that the conditions of this subsection shall have been satisfied. IX. INFORMATION AS TO THE LOAN PARTIES. Each Loan Party shall, or (except with respect to Section 9.11 hereof) shall cause Borrowing Agent on its behalf to, until the Payment in Full of the Obligations, the termination of the Commitments and the termination of this Agreement: 9.1. Disclosure of Material Matters . Promptly upon a Responsible Officer obtaining knowledge thereof, report to Agent (a) all matters materially affecting the value, enforceability or collectability of any portion of the Collateral, including any Loan Party s reclamation or repossession of, or the return to any Loan Party of, a material amount of goods or claims or disputes asserted by any Customer or other obligor, (b) any investigation, hearing, proceeding or other inquest by any Governmental Body into any Loan Party or any Affiliate of any Loan Party with respect to Anti-Terrorism Laws, and (c) if the Capital Providers default in their obligations under the Capital Provision Agreement and/or the Capital Provision Agreement is terminated. 9.2. Schedules . Deliver to Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent: (a) on or before the twentieth (20th) day of each month as and for the prior month (i) accounts receivable agings inclusive of reconciliations to the general ledger, (ii) accounts payable schedules inclusive of reconciliations to the general ledger, (iii) Inventory reports (iv) bank statements evidencing the balances of each Canadian Loan Party Bank Account for each day in the prior month, and (v) a Borrowing Base Certificate (which (A) shall be calculated as of the last day of the prior month, (B) shall not be binding upon Agent or restrictive of Agent s rights under this Agreement and (C) shall include a listing of all Priority Payables (which such listing shall identity the obligee of each Priority Payable and the estimated value of such Priority Payable)), and (b) on or before Tuesday of each week, a sales report / roll forward for the prior week, and (c) at such intervals as Agent may require: (i) confirmatory assignment schedules; (ii) copies of Customer s invoices; (iii) evidence of shipment or delivery; and (iv) such further schedules, documents and/or information regarding the Collateral as Agent may require including trial balances and test verifications. Agent shall have the right to confirm and verify all Receivables by any manner and through any medium it considers advisable and do whatever it may deem necessary to protect its interests hereunder. The items to be provided under this Section are to be in form reasonably satisfactory to Agent and executed by each Loan Party and delivered to Agent from time to time solely for Agent s convenience in maintaining records of the Collateral, and any Loan Party s failure to deliver any of such items to Agent shall not affect, terminate, modify or otherwise limit Agent s Lien with respect to the Collateral. Unless otherwise agreed to by Agent, the items to be provided under this Section 9.2 shall be delivered to Agent by the specific method of Approved Electronic Communication designated by Agent. 
 137 

 9.3. Environmental Reports . (a) Deliver to Agent, concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 9.7 and 9.8 hereof, with a certificate signed by the President, Chief Executive Officer or Controller of Borrowing Agent stating, to the best of his knowledge, that each Loan Party is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws, except to the extent such non-compliance could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. To the extent any Loan Party is not in such material compliance with the foregoing laws, the certificate shall set forth with specificity all areas of non-compliance and the proposed action such Loan Party will implement in order to achieve full compliance. (b) In the event any Loan Party obtains, gives or receives notice of any Release or threat of Release of a reportable quantity of any Hazardous Materials at any Real Property owned or leased by any Loan Party (any such event being hereinafter referred to as a Hazardous Discharge or receives any written notice of violation, request for information or notification that it is potentially responsible for investigation or cleanup of environmental conditions at any such Real Property, demand letter or complaint, order, citation, or other written notice with regard to any Hazardous Discharge or violation of Environmental Laws affecting such Real Property or any Loan Party s interest therein or the operations or the business (any of the foregoing is referred to herein as an Environmental Complaint from any Person, including any Governmental Body, then Borrowing Agent shall, within five (5) Business Days, give written notice of same to Agent detailing facts and circumstances of which any Loan Party is aware giving rise to the Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Complaint. Such information is to be provided to allow Agent to protect its security interest in and Lien on the Collateral and is not intended to create nor shall it create any obligation upon Agent or any Lender with respect thereto. (c) Borrowing Agent shall promptly forward to Agent copies of any request for information, notification of potential liability, demand letter relating to potential responsibility with respect to the investigation or cleanup of Hazardous Materials at any other site owned, operated or used by any Loan Party to manage of Hazardous Materials and shall continue to forward copies of correspondence between any Loan Party and the Governmental Body regarding such claims to Agent until the claim is settled. Borrowing Agent shall promptly forward to Agent copies of all material documents and reports concerning a Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Complaint at any Real Property owned or leased by any Loan Party, operations or business that any Loan Party is required to file under any Environmental Laws. Such information is to be provided solely to allow Agent to protect Agent s security interest in and Lien on the Collateral. 9.4. Litigation . Promptly notify Agent in writing of any claim, litigation, suit or administrative proceeding affecting any Loan Party, whether or not the claim is covered by insurance, and of any litigation, suit or administrative proceeding, which in any such case affects the Collateral or which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 9.5. Material Occurrences . Immediately upon a Responsible Officer obtaining knowledge thereof, notify Agent in writing upon the occurrence of: (a) any Event of Default or Default; (b) any event of default under the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents or the Wynnefield 
 138 

 Loan Documents ; (c) any event which with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute an event of default under the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents or the Wynnefield Loan Documents ; (d) any event, development or circumstance whereby any financial statements or other reports provided to Agent fail in any material respect to present fairly, in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, the financial condition or operating results of any Loan Party as of the date of such statements; (e) any funding deficiency which, if not corrected as provided in Section 4971 of the Internal Revenue Code, could subject any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group to a tax imposed by Section 4971 of the Internal Revenue Code in excess of 500,000 or result in any representation made in Section 5.8 to be untrue; (f) each and every default by any Loan Party which might result in the acceleration of the maturity of any Indebtedness in excess of 500,000, including the names and addresses of the holders of such Indebtedness with respect to which there is a default existing or with respect to which the maturity has been or could be accelerated, and the amount of such Indebtedness; (g) any other development in the business or affairs of any Loan Party, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (h) if any Loan Party is out of good standing in jurisdiction of organization and or is disqualified from conducting business in any jurisdiction where the conduct of such Loan Party s business activities or the ownership of its properties necessitates qualification; in each case as to clauses (a) through (h) of this Section 9.5, describing the nature thereof and the action the Loan Parties propose to take with respect thereto. 9.6. Government Receivables . Notify Agent immediately upon a Responsible Officer obtaining knowledge thereof if any of its Receivables arise out of contracts between any Loan Party and the United States, Canada, or any state, province or territory or any department, agency or instrumentality of any of them if the laws thereof require a Consent or other legal formality to the assignment thereof. 9.7. Annual Financial Statements . Deliver to Agent within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal year of Holdings, audited financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidating and consolidated basis for such fiscal year, including, but not limited to, a balance sheet, statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flow from the beginning of the current fiscal year to the end of such fiscal year and the balance sheet as at the end of such fiscal year, all prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with prior practices, and in reasonable detail and reported upon without qualification (other than a qualification pertaining solely to impending debt maturities of any Indebtedness occurring within twelve (12) months of such audit), by an independent certified public accounting firm selected by the Loan Parties and reasonably satisfactory to Agent (Moss Adams LLP shall be acceptable). The reports described in this Section shall be accompanied by a Compliance Certificate. 9.8. Quarterly Financial Statements . Deliver to Agent within forty-five (45) days after the end of each fiscal quarter, an unaudited balance sheet of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated and consolidating basis and unaudited statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flow of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated and consolidating basis reflecting results of operations from the beginning of the fiscal year to the end of such fiscal quarter and for such fiscal quarter, prepared on a basis consistent with prior practices and complete and correct in all material respects, subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes that individually and in the aggregate are not material to the Loan Parties business operations and setting forth in comparative form the respective 
 139 

 financial statements for the corresponding date and period in the previous fiscal year. The reports described in this Section shall be accompanied by a Compliance Certificate. 9.9. Monthly Financial Statements . Deliver to Agent within thirty (30) days after the end of each month, an unaudited balance sheet of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated and consolidating basis and unaudited statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flow of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated and consolidating basis reflecting results of operations from the beginning of the fiscal year to the end of such month and for such month, prepared on a basis consistent with prior practices and complete and correct in all material respects, subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes that individually and in the aggregate are not material to the Loan Parties business operations and setting forth in comparative form the respective financial statements for the corresponding date and period in the previous fiscal year. The reports described in this Section shall be accompanied by a Compliance Certificate. 9.10. Other Reports . Provide Agent as soon as available, but in any event within ten (10) Business Days after the issuance thereof, with (a) copies of such financial statements, reports and returns as each Loan Party shall send to the holders of its Equity Interests and (b) copies of all notices, reports, financial statements and other materials sent or received pursuant to the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents (including, without limitation, Section 4.1 (f) of the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement) or the Wynnefield Loan Documents . 9.11. Additional Information . Provide Agent with such additional information as Agent shall request in order to enable Agent to determine whether the terms, covenants, provisions and conditions of this Agreement and the Other Documents have been complied with by the Loan Parties including, without the necessity of any request by Agent, (a) copies of all environmental audits and reviews, (b) prior written notice of any Loan Party s opening of any new office or place of business or any Loan Party s closing of any existing office or place of business (x) at least thirty (30) days prior thereto for any Canadian Loan Party and (y) prior thereto for any U.S. Loan Party, (c) promptly upon any Loan Party s learning thereof, notice of any labor dispute to which any Loan Party may become a party, any strikes or walkouts relating to any of its plants or other facilities, and the expiration of any labor contract to which any Loan Party is a party or by which any Loan Party is bound, and (d) promptly upon any Loan Party being called upon to satisfy any guaranty obligations with respect to a Permitted Joint Venture. 9.12. Projected Operating Budget . Provide Agent (a) within thirty (30) days after the beginning of each Loan Party s fiscal years commencing with fiscal year 2021, a draft of its month by month projected operating budget and cash flow of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated and consolidating basis for such fiscal year (including an income statement for each month and a balance sheet as at the end of the last month in each fiscal quarter), such projections to be accompanied by a certificate signed by the President or Chief Financial Officer of each Loan Party to the effect that such projections have been prepared on the basis of sound financial planning practice consistent with past budgets and financial statements and that such officer has no reason to question the reasonableness of any material assumptions on which such projections were prepared (the Operating Budget ), and (b) promptly (and in any event within forty-five (45) days after the beginning of each of Holdings fiscal years) after approval by the Board of 
 140 

 Directors of Holdings, the final Operating Budget approved by the Board of Directors of Holdings. 9.13. Variances From Operating Budget; Management Discussion and Analysis Reports . Deliver to Agent, concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 9.7, 9.8 and 9.9 hereof, a written report (a) summarizing all material variances from budgets submitted by the Loan Parties pursuant to Section 9.12 hereof and a discussion and analysis by management with respect to such variances and (b) setting forth management s analysis and discussion of the condition (financial and otherwise) operations of Holdings, which may be in the form of the Business Segment Review delivered to Agent prior to the Closing Date. 9.14. Notice of Suits, Adverse Events . Provide Agent, promptly upon a Responsible Officer obtaining knowledge thereof, with written notice of (a) any lapse or other termination of any Consent issued to any Loan Party by any Governmental Body or any other Person that is material to the operation of any Loan Party s business, (b) any refusal by any Governmental Body or any other Person to renew or extend any such Consent, (c) copies of any periodic or special reports filed by any Loan Party with any Governmental Body or Person, if such reports indicate any material change in the business, operations, affairs or condition of any Loan Party, or if copies thereof are requested by Agent, (d) copies of any material notices and other communications from any Governmental Body or Person which specifically relate to any Loan Party and (e) copies of any material notices and other material communications related to the Arbitration Proceeding. 9.15. ERISA Notices and Requests . Provide Agent, promptly upon a Responsible Officer obtaining knowledge thereof, with written notice in the event that, (i) any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group knows or has reason to know that a Termination Event has occurred, together with a written statement describing such Termination Event and the action, if any, which such Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect thereto and, when known, any action taken or threatened by the Internal Revenue Service, Canada Revenue Agency, Department of Labor or PBGC with respect thereto, (ii) any Loan Party knows or has reason to know that a prohibited transaction (as defined in Section 406 of ERISA or 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code) has occurred together with a written statement describing such transaction and the action which such Loan Party has taken, is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto, (iii) a funding waiver request has been filed with respect to any Pension Benefit Plan together with all communications received by any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group with respect to such request, (iv) any material increase in the benefits of any existing Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the establishment of any new Pension Benefit Plan or Multiemployer Plan or the commencement of contributions to any Pension Benefit Plan or Multiemployer Plan or Canadian Benefit Plan, Canadian Pension Plan or the commencement of contributions to any Pension Benefit Plan or Multiemployer Plan, Canadian Pension Plan or Canadian Union Plan to which any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group was not previously contributing shall occur, (v) any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group shall receive from the PBGC a notice of intention to terminate a Pension Benefit Plan or Multiemployer Plan or Canadian Pension Plans or to have a trustee appointed to administer a Pension Benefit Plan or Multiemployer Plan, together with copies of each such notice, (vi) any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group shall receive any unfavorable 
 141 

 determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service regarding the qualification of a Plan under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, together with copies of each such letter; (vii) any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group shall receive a notice regarding the imposition of withdrawal liability from a Multiemployer Plan, together with copies of each such notice; (viii) any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group shall fail to make a required installment or any other required payment to any Pension Benefit Plan or Multiemployer Plan under the Internal Revenue Code or ERISA on or before the due date for such installment or payment; (ix) any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group knows that (a) a Multiemployer Plan has been terminated, (b) the administrator or plan sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan or Canadian Union Plan intends to terminate a Multiemployer Plan, (c) the PBGC has instituted or will institute proceedings under Section 4042 of ERISA to terminate a Multiemployer Plan or (d) a Multiemployer Plan is subject to Section 432 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 305 of ERISA; (x) any Loan Party shall receive notice (or a notice of intent to issue such a notice) from Canada Revenue Agency regarding the revocation of registered status of a Canadian Pension Plan under the Income Tax Act (Canada); or (xi) except when the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, any Loan Party shall fail to make or remit any required contributions or payments in respect of a Canadian Pension Plan on or before the due date for such contribution or payment or any other Canadian Pension Event. 9.16. Additional Documents . Execute and deliver to Agent, upon request, such documents and agreements as Agent may, from time to time, request to carry out the purposes, terms or conditions of this Agreement. 9.17. Updates to Certain Schedules . Deliver to Agent promptly as shall be required to maintain the related representations and warranties as true and correct, updates to Schedules 4.4 (Locations of Equipment and Inventory), 5.9 (Intellectual Property), 5.21 (Equity Interests), 5.22 (Commercial Tort Claims), 5.23 (Letter-of-Credit Rights), 5.24 (Material Contracts) Schedule 7.3 (Guarantees) and Schedule 7.11 (Permitted Joint Ventures) to this Agreement; provided, that absent the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default, the Loan Parties shall only be required to provide such updates on a quarterly basis in connection with delivery of a Compliance Certificate with respect to the applicable quarter. Any such updated Schedules delivered by the Loan Parties to Agent in accordance with this Section 9.17 shall automatically and immediately be deemed to amend and restate the prior version of such Schedule previously delivered to Agent and attached to and made part of this Agreement. 9.18. Financial Disclosure . Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs all accountants and auditors employed by such Loan Party at any time during the Term to exhibit and deliver to Agent and each Lender copies of any of such Loan Party s financial statements, trial balances or other accounting records of any sort in the accountant s or auditor s possession, and to disclose to Agent and each Lender any information such accountants may have concerning such Loan Party s financial status and business operations. Each Loan Party hereby authorizes all Governmental Bodies to deliver to Agent and each Lender copies of reports or examinations relating to such Loan Party, whether made by such Loan Party or otherwise; provided however, Agent and each Lender will attempt to obtain such information or materials directly from such 
 142 

 Loan Party prior to obtaining such information or materials from such accountants or Governmental Bodies. 9.19. Teleconferences with Loan Parties: Commencing in January 2023, the Loan Parties shall host teleconferences and/or virtual conferences with the Agent and Lenders, and the Loan Parties shall cause members of the Loan Parties management team to participate in such teleconferences and/or virtual conferences, on at least a monthly basis on such dates and at such times as agreed between the Loan Parties and the Agent or on such other dates and times as reasonably requested by Agent, the purpose of which conferences shall be for the Loan Parties and Agent and Lenders to discuss the Loan Parties business and financial performance. Documents delivered pursuant to this Article IX may be delivered electronically to Agent for further distribution to each Lender and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date that the Borrowing Agent delivers such documents to Agent by electronic mail; provided that, upon written request, the Borrowing Agent shall deliver paper copies to Agent for further distribution to the Lenders until a written notice to cease delivering such paper copies is given by Agent to the Borrowing Agent. X. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default : 10.1. Nonpayment . Failure by any Loan Party to pay when due (a) any principal or interest on the Obligations (including without limitation pursuant to Section 2.9 hereof), or (b) any other fee, charge, amount or liability provided for herein or in any Other Document, in each case whether at maturity, by reason of acceleration pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, by notice of intention to prepay or by required prepayment; 10.2. Breach of Representation . Except as provided in Section 10.18 hereof, any representation or warranty made or deemed made by any Loan Party in this Agreement, any Other Document or in any agreement, documents, certificate or financial or other written statement provided at any time in connection herewith or therewith shall prove to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect on the date when made or deemed to have been made; 10.3. Financial Information . Failure by any Loan Party to (a) deliver financial information when due under Section 6.2, Article IX or any other Section of this Agreement or, if no due date is specified herein, within three (3) Business Days following a request therefor, or (b) permit the inspection of its books or records or access to its premises for audits and appraisals in accordance with the terms hereof; 10.4. Judicial Actions . Issuance of a notice of Lien, levy, assessment, injunction or attachment (a) against any Loan Party s Inventory or Receivables or (b) against a material portion of any Loan Party s other property which is not stayed or lifted within thirty (30) days; 10.5. Noncompliance . Except as otherwise provided for in Sections 10.1, 10.3, 10.5(b), and 10.18 hereof, (a) failure or neglect of any Loan Party, or any Person to perform, keep or 
 143 

 observe any term, provision, condition, covenant herein, or in any Other Document or any other agreement or arrangement, now or hereafter entered into between any Loan Party or such Person, and Agent or any Lender, or (b) failure or neglect of any Loan Party to perform, keep or observe any term, provision, condition or covenant in Sections 4.5, 6.1, 6.3, 6.11, 6.13, 9.4 or 9.6 hereof which is not cured within ten (10) days from the occurrence of such failure or neglect; 10.6. Judgments . Any (a) final judgment, writ, order or decree for the payment of money are rendered against any Loan Party for an aggregate amount in excess of 500,000 or against all Loan Parties for an aggregate amount in excess of 500,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of such judgment or order and does not deny or fail to confirm coverage) and (b) action shall be legally taken by any judgment creditor to levy upon assets or properties of any Loan Party to enforce any such judgment and (i) such judgment shall remain undischarged, unvacated, unstayed or unbonded for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect, or (ii) any Liens arising by virtue of the rendition, entry or issuance of such judgment upon assets or properties of any Loan Party shall be senior to any Liens in favor of Agent on such assets or properties; 10.7. Bankruptcy . Any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party shall (a) apply for, consent to or suffer the appointment of, or the taking of possession by, a receiver, intermin receiver, receiver and manager, monitor, custodian, trustee, liquidator or similar fiduciary of itself or of all or a substantial part of its property, (b) admit in writing its inability, or be generally unable, to pay its debts as they become due or cease operations of its present business, (c) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (d) commence a voluntary case under any state or federal bankruptcy or receivership laws (as now or hereafter in effect) or any other Insolvency Law, (e) be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent (including by entry of any order for relief in any involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding commenced against it), (f) file a petition seeking to take advantage of any other law providing for the relief of debtors or any Insolvency Law, (g) acquiesce to, or fail to have dismissed, within thirty (30) days, any petition filed against it in any involuntary case under such bankruptcy laws or other Insolvency Laws, or (h) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; 10.8. [Reserved] ; 10.9. Lien Priority . Any Lien created hereunder or provided for hereby or under any of the Other Documents for any reason ceases to be or is not a valid and perfected Lien having a first priority Lien (subject only to Permitted Encumbrances that have priority as a matter of Applicable Law to the extent such Liens only attach to Collateral other than Receivables or Inventory, and the Intercreditor Agreement), except to the extent that any such loss of perfection or priority results from the failure of Agent to maintain possession of certificates actually received by it representing securities pledged under the Pledge Agreement or Canadian Security Agreements, or to file Uniform Commercial Code continuation statements in the applicable jurisdictions as required under the Uniform Commercial Code to continue the perfection of such security interest or the equivalent in the applicable jurisdiction; 10.10. EICF/CION Term Loan /Wynnefield Default . (a) An event of default has occurred under the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents, which default shall not have been cured or waived 
 144 

 within any applicable grace period, or if any Person party to the Intercreditor Agreement breaches or violates, in any material respect, or attempts to terminate or challenge the validity of, such Intercreditor Agreement ; or (b) an event of default has occurred under the Wynnefield Loan Documents, which default shall not have been cured or waived within any applicable grace period, or if any Person party to the Subordination Agreement applicable to the Wynnefield Loan Documents breaches or violates, in any material respect, or attempts to terminate or challenge the validity of, such Subordination Agreement; 10.11. Cross Default . Either (a) any specified event of default under any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations and the obligations under the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents and the Wynnefield Loan Documents) of any Loan Party with a then-outstanding principal balance (or, in the case of any Indebtedness not so denominated, with a then-outstanding total obligation amount) of 500,000 or more, or any other event or circumstance which would permit the holder of any such Indebtedness of any Loan Party to accelerate such Indebtedness (and/or the obligations of such Loan Party thereunder) prior to the scheduled maturity or termination thereof, shall occur (regardless of whether the holder of such Indebtedness shall actually accelerate, terminate or otherwise exercise any rights or remedies with respect to such Indebtedness) or (b) a default of the obligations of any Loan Party under any other agreement to which it is a party shall occur which has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; 10.12. Breach of Guaranty, Guarantor Security Agreement or Pledge Agreement . Termination or breach of any Guaranty, Guarantor Security Agreement, Pledge Agreement or similar agreement executed and delivered to Agent in connection with the Obligations of any Loan Party, or if any Loan Party or pledgor attempts to terminate or challenges the validity of, its liability under, any such Guaranty, Guarantor Security Agreement, Pledge Agreement or similar agreement (other than as a result of repayment in full of the Obligations and termination of the Commitments); 10.13. Change of Control . Any Change of Control shall occur; 10.14. Invalidity . Any material provision of this Agreement or any Other Document shall, for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or the satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, cease to be valid and binding on any Loan Party, or any Loan Party shall so claim in writing to Agent or any Lender or any Loan Party challenges the validity of its liability under this Agreement or any Other Document (other than as a result of repayment in full of the Obligations and termination of the Commitments); 10.15. Seizures . Any (a) portion of the Collateral shall be seized, subject to garnishment or taken by a Governmental Body, or any Loan Party, or (b) the title and rights of any Loan Party, in and to the Collateral shall have become the subject matter of claim, litigation, suit, garnishment or other proceeding which might, in the opinion of Agent, upon final determination, result in impairment or loss of the security provided by this Agreement or the Other Documents; 10.16. [Reserved] ; 
 145 

 10.17. Pension Plans . An event or condition specified in Section 7.16 or 9.15 hereof shall occur or exist with respect to any Plan, Multiemployer Plan, Canadian Pension Plan, Canadian Benefit Plan or Canadian Union Plan, and, as a result of such event or condition, together with all other such events or conditions, any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group shall incur, or in the reasonable opinion of Agent be reasonably likely to incur, a liability to a Plan, Multiemployer Plan, Canadian Pension Plan, Canadian Benefit Plan or Canadian Union Plan, or the PBGC (or one or more) which, in the judgment of Agent, would have a Material Adverse Effect; or the occurrence of any Termination Event or Canadian Pension Event which, in the judgment of Agent, would have a Material Adverse Effect, or any Loan Party s failure to promptly report a Termination Event or Canadian Pension Event in accordance with Section 9.15 hereof; or 10.18. Anti-Terrorism Laws . If (a) any representation or warranty contained in (i) Section 16.18 hereof or (ii) any corresponding section of any Guaranty is or becomes false or misleading at any time, (b) any Borrower shall fail to comply with its obligations under Section 16.18 hereof, or (c) any Guarantor shall fail to comply with its obligations under any section of any Guaranty containing provisions comparable to those set forth in Section 16.18 hereof. XI. LENDERS RIGHTS AND REMEDIES AFTER DEFAULT. 11.1. Rights and Remedies . (a) Upon the occurrence of: (i) an Event of Default pursuant to Section 10.7 hereof (other than Section 10.7(g) hereof), all Obligations shall be immediately due and payable and this Agreement and the obligation of Lenders to make Advances shall be deemed terminated, (ii) any of the other Events of Default and at any time thereafter, at the option of Agent or at the direction of Required Lenders all Obligations shall be immediately due and payable and Agent or Required Lenders shall have the right to terminate this Agreement and to terminate the obligation of Lenders to make Advances; and (iii) without limiting Section 8.2 hereof, any Default under Section 10.7(g) hereof, the obligation of Lenders to make Advances hereunder shall be suspended until such time as such involuntary petition shall be dismissed. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, Agent shall have the right to exercise any and all rights and remedies provided for herein, under the Other Documents, under the Uniform Commercial Code, the PPSA and at law or equity generally, including the right to foreclose the security interests granted herein and to realize upon any Collateral by any available judicial procedure and/or to take possession of and sell any or all of the Collateral with or without judicial process. Agent may enter any of any Loan Party s premises or other premises without legal process and without incurring liability to any Loan Party therefor, and Agent may thereupon, or at any time thereafter, in its discretion without notice or demand, take the Collateral and remove the same to such place as Agent may deem advisable and Agent may require the Loan Parties to make the Collateral available to Agent at a convenient place. With or without having the Collateral at the time or place of sale, Agent may sell the Collateral, or any part thereof, at public or private sale, at any time or place, in one or more sales, at such price or prices, and upon such terms, either for cash, credit or future delivery, as Agent may elect. Except as to that part of the Collateral which is perishable or threatens to decline speedily in value or is of a type customarily sold on a recognized market, Agent shall give the Loan Parties reasonable notification of such sale or 
 146 

 sales, it being agreed that in all events written notice mailed to Borrowing Agent at least ten (10) days prior to such sale or sales is reasonable notification. At any public sale Agent or any Lender may bid (including credit bid) for and become the purchaser, and Agent, any Lender or any other purchaser at any such sale thereafter shall hold the Collateral sold absolutely free from any claim or right of whatsoever kind, including any equity of redemption and all such claims, rights and equities are hereby expressly waived and released by each Loan Party. In connection with the exercise of the foregoing remedies, including the sale of Inventory, Agent is granted a perpetual non-revocable, royalty free, nonexclusive license and Agent is granted permission to use all of each Loan Party s (a) Intellectual Property which is used or useful in connection with Inventory for the purpose of marketing, advertising for sale and selling or otherwise disposing of such Inventory and (b) Equipment for the purpose of completing the manufacture of unfinished goods. The Net Cash Proceeds realized from the sale of any Collateral shall be applied to the Obligations in the order set forth in Section 11.6 hereof. Non-cash proceeds will only be applied to the Obligations as they are converted into cash. If any deficiency shall arise, the Loan Parties shall remain liable to Agent and Lenders therefor. (b) To the extent that Applicable Law imposes duties on Agent to exercise remedies in a commercially reasonable manner, each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that it is not commercially unreasonable for Agent: (i) to fail to incur expenses deemed significant by Agent to prepare Collateral for disposition or otherwise to complete raw material or work in process into finished goods or other finished products for disposition; (ii) to fail to obtain third party consents for access to Collateral to be disposed of, or to obtain or, if not required by other law, to fail to obtain governmental or third party consents for the collection or disposition of Collateral to be collected or disposed of; (iii) to fail to exercise collection remedies against Customers or other Persons obligated on Collateral or to remove Liens on or any adverse claims against Collateral; (iv) to exercise collection remedies against Customers and other Persons obligated on Collateral directly or through the use of collection agencies and other collection specialists; (v) to advertise dispositions of Collateral through publications or media of general circulation, whether or not the Collateral is of a specialized nature; (vi) to contact other Persons, whether or not in the same business as any Loan Party, for expressions of interest in acquiring all or any portion of such Collateral; (vii) to hire one or more professional auctioneers to assist in the disposition of Collateral, whether or not the Collateral is of a specialized nature; (viii) to dispose of Collateral by utilizing internet sites that provide for the auction of assets of the types included in the Collateral or that have the reasonable capacity of doing so, or that match buyers and sellers of assets; (ix) to dispose of assets in wholesale rather than retail markets; (x) to disclaim disposition warranties, such as title, possession or quiet enjoyment, (xi) to purchase insurance or credit enhancements to insure Agent against risks of loss, collection or disposition of Collateral or to provide to Agent a guaranteed return from the collection or disposition of Collateral; or (xii) to the extent deemed appropriate by Agent, to obtain the services of other brokers, investment bankers, consultants and other professionals to assist Agent in the collection or disposition of any of the Collateral. Each Loan Party acknowledges that the purpose of this Section 11.1(b) is to provide non-exhaustive indications of what actions or omissions by Agent would not be commercially unreasonable in Agent s exercise of remedies against the Collateral and that other actions or omissions by Agent shall not be deemed commercially unreasonable solely on account of not being indicated in this Section 11.1(b). Without limitation upon the foregoing, nothing in this Section 11.1(b) shall be construed to grant any rights to any Loan Party 
 147 

 or to impose any duties on Agent that would not have been granted or imposed by this Agreement or by Applicable Law in the absence of this Section 11.1(b). (c) Without limiting any other provision hereof: (i) At any bona fide public sale, and to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, at any private sale, Agent shall be free to purchase all or any part of the Investment Property. Any such sale may be on cash or credit. Agent shall be authorized at any such sale (if it deems it advisable to do so) to restrict the prospective bidders or purchasers to persons who will represent and agree that they are purchasing the Investment Property for their own account in compliance with Regulation D of the Securities Act or any other applicable exemption available under the Securities Act. Agent will not be obligated to make any sale if it determines not to do so, regardless of the fact that notice of the sale may have been given. Agent may adjourn any sale and sell at the time and place to which the sale is adjourned. If the Investment Property is customarily sold on a recognized market or threatens to decline speedily in value, Agent may sell such Investment Property at any time without giving prior notice to any Loan Party or other Person. (ii) Each Loan Party recognizes that Agent may be unable to effect or cause to be effected a public sale of the Investment Property by reason of certain prohibitions of the Securities Act, so that Agent may be compelled to resort to one or more private sales to a restricted group of purchasers who will be obligated to agree, among other things, to acquire the Investment Property for their own account, for investment and without a view to the distribution or resale thereof. Each Loan Party understands that private sales so made may be at prices and on other terms less favorable to the seller than if the Investment Property were sold at public sales, and agrees that Agent has no obligation to delay or agree to delay the sale of any of the Investment Property for the period of time necessary to permit the issuer of the securities which are part of the Investment Property (even if the issuer would agree), to register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. Each Loan Party agrees that private sales made under the foregoing circumstances shall be deemed to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner. (iii) The Net Cash Proceeds arising from the disposition of the Investment Property after deducting expenses incurred by Agent will be applied to the Obligations pursuant to Section 11.6 hereof. If any excess remains after the discharge of all of the Obligations, the same will be paid to the applicable Loan Party or to any other Person that may be legally entitled thereto. At any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default (A) Agent may transfer any or all of the Investment Property into its name or that of its nominee and may exercise all voting rights with respect to the Investment Property, but no such transfer shall constitute a taking of such Investment Property in satisfaction of any or all of the Obligations, and (B) Agent shall be entitled to receive, for application to the Obligations, all cash or stock dividends and distributions, interest and premiums declared or paid on the Investment Property. 
 148 

 11.2. Agent s Discretion . Agent shall have the right in its sole discretion to determine which rights, Liens, security interests or remedies Agent may at any time pursue, relinquish, subordinate, or modify, which procedures, timing and methodologies to employ, and what any other action to take with respect to any or all of the Collateral and in what order, thereto and such determination will not in any way modify or affect any of Agent s or Lenders rights hereunder as against the Loan Parties or each other. 11.3. Setoff . Subject to Section 14.13 hereof, in addition to any other rights which Agent or any Lender may have under Applicable Law, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder, Agent and such Lender shall have a right, immediately and without notice of any kind, to apply any Loan Party s property held by Agent and such Lender or any of their Affiliates to reduce the Obligations and to exercise any and all rights of setoff which may be available to Agent and such Lender with respect to any deposits held by Agent or such Lender. 11.4. Appointment of a Receiver . (a) Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, Agent shall be entitled to the immediate appointment of a receiver (which term includes an interim receiver or receiver and manager) for all or part of the Collateral, whether such receivership is incidental to a proposed sale of the Collateral or otherwise. In such event, Agent may take proceedings in any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a receiver of the Collateral or of any part thereof or may, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, by instrument in writing appoint any Person to be a receiver of the Collateral or of any part thereof and may remove any receiver so appointed by Agent and appoint another in that Person s stead. Any such receiver appointed by instrument in writing shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, have all of the rights, remedies, benefits and powers of Agent under this Agreement and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any such receiver (or Agent) shall have the power to, to the full extent permitted by Applicable Law: (i) take possession of the Collateral or any part thereof; (ii) carry on or concur in carrying on all or any part or parts of the business of the Loan Parties relating to the Collateral; (iii) file such proofs of claim and other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have such receiver s claim lodged in any bankruptcy, winding-up or other judicial proceedings relative to the Loan Parties; (iv) borrow money required for the seizure, repossession, retaking, repair, insurance, maintenance, preservation, protection, collection, preparation for disposition, disposition or realization of the Collateral or any part thereof and for the enforcement of this Agreement or for the carrying on of the business of the Loan Parties on the security of the Collateral in priority to the security interest created under this Agreement; and (v) sell, lease or otherwise dispose of, or concur in the sale, lease or other disposition of, the whole or any part of the Collateral at public auction, by public tender or 
 149 

 by private sale, lease or other disposition, either for cash or upon credit, at such time and upon such terms and conditions as the receiver may determine. (b) Any such receiver shall for all purposes be deemed to be the agent of the Loan Parties. Agent may from time to time fix a commercially reasonable remuneration of such receiver. Agent shall not in any way be responsible for any misconduct or negligence of any such receiver. Each Loan Party hereby consents to the appointment of any such a receiver without bond, to the full extent permitted by Applicable Law. 11.5. Rights and Remedies not Exclusive . The enumeration of the foregoing rights and remedies is not intended to be exhaustive and the exercise of any rights or remedy shall not preclude the exercise of any other right or remedies provided for herein or otherwise provided by law, all of which shall be cumulative and not alternative. 11.6. Allocation of Payments After Event of Default . (a) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, all amounts collected or received by Agent on account of the Obligations (including without limitation any amounts on account of any of Cash Management Obligations or Hedge Obligations), or in respect of the Collateral may, at Agent s discretion, and shall, at the direction of the Required Lenders, be paid over or delivered as follows: FIRST, to the payment of all out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including attorneys fees) of Agent in connection with enforcing its rights and the rights of Lenders under this Agreement and the Other Documents, and any Out-of-Formula Loans and Protective Advances funded by Agent with respect to the Collateral under or pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; SECOND, to payment of any fees owed to Agent; THIRD, to the payment of all out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including attorneys fees) of each of the Lenders to the extent owing to such Lenders pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; FOURTH, to the payment of all of the Obligations consisting of accrued interest on account of the Swing Loans; FIFTH, to the payment of the outstanding principal amount of the Obligations consisting of Swing Loans; SIXTH, to the payment of all Obligations arising under this Agreement and the Other Documents consisting of accrued fees and interest (other than interest in respect of Swing Loans paid pursuant to clause FOURTH above); SEVENTH, to the payment of the outstanding principal amount of the Obligations (other than principal in respect of Swing Loans paid pursuant to clause FIFTH above) arising under this Agreement, including Cash Management Obligations and Hedge Obligations (to the 
 150 

 extent reserves for such Cash Management Obligations and Hedge Obligations have been established by Agent) and the payment or cash collateralization of any outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with Section 3.2(b) hereof; EIGHTH, to all other Obligations arising under this Agreement, under the Other Documents or otherwise which shall have become due and payable and not repaid pursuant to clauses FIRST through SEVENTH above; and NINTH, to the payment of the surplus, if any, to whoever may be lawfully entitled to receive such surplus. (b) In carrying out the foregoing, (i) amounts received shall be applied in the numerical order provided until exhausted prior to application to the next succeeding category; (ii) each of the Lenders shall receive (so long as it is not a Defaulting Lender) an amount equal to its pro rata share (based on the proportion that the then outstanding Advances, Cash Management Obligations and Hedge Obligations held by such Lender bears to the aggregate then outstanding Advances, Cash Management Obligations and Hedge Obligations) of amounts available to be applied pursuant to clauses SIXTH , SEVENTH , EIGHTH and NINTH of subsection (a) above; (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 11.6, no Swap Obligations of any Non-Qualifying Party shall be paid with amounts received from such Non-Qualifying Party under its Guaranty (including sums received as a result of the exercise of remedies with respect to such Guaranty) or from the proceeds of such Non-Qualifying Party s Collateral if such Swap Obligations would constitute Excluded Hedge Liabilities, provided, however, that to the extent possible appropriate adjustments shall be made with respect to payments and/or the proceeds of Collateral from other Loan Parties that are Eligible Contract Participants with respect to such Swap Obligations to preserve the allocation to Obligations otherwise set forth above in this Section 11.6; and (iv) to the extent that any amounts available for distribution pursuant to clause SEVENTH of subsection (a) above are attributable to the issued but undrawn amount of outstanding Letters of Credit, such amounts shall be held by Agent as cash collateral for the Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 3.2(b) hereof and applied (A) first, to reimburse Issuer from time to time for any drawings under such Letters of Credit and (B) then, following the expiration of all Letters of Credit, to all other Obligations of the types described in clauses SEVENTH and EIGHTH of subsection (a) above in the manner provided in this Section 11.6. XII. WAIVERS AND JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS. 12.1. Waiver of Notice . Each Loan Party hereby waives notice of non-payment of any of the Receivables, demand, presentment, protest and notice thereof with respect to any and all instruments, notice of acceptance hereof, notice of loans or advances made, credit extended, Collateral received or delivered, or any other action taken in reliance hereon, and all other demands and notices of any description, except such as are expressly provided for herein. 12.2. Delay . No delay or omission on Agent s or any Lender s part in exercising any right, remedy or option shall operate as a waiver of such or any other right, remedy or option or of any Default or Event of Default. 
 151 

 12.3. Jury Waiver . EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION (A) ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER DOCUMENT OR ANY OTHER INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, OR (B) IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER DOCUMENT OR ANY OTHER INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED HERETO OR THERETO IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE AND EACH PARTY HEREBY CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY, AND THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENTS OF THE PARTIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. XIII. EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERMINATION. 13.1. Term . This Agreement, which shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the respective successors and permitted assigns of each Loan Party, Agent and each Lender, shall become effective on the Closing Date and shall continue in full force and effect until December 16, 2025 (the Term unless sooner terminated as herein provided. The Loan Parties may terminate this Agreement at any time so long as the Obligations are Paid in Full in connection therewith. Upon the earliest to occur of (a) any acceleration of the Obligations in accordance with the terms hereof, (b) termination of this Agreement by any party hereto in accordance with the terms of hereof, (c) the exercise of any remedies hereunder following the occurrence of an Event of Default, (d) Payment in Full of the Obligations, and (e) the expiration of the Term, the Loan Parties shall pay to Agent, in cash, for its sole and separate account and not the account of any Lender, a fee in an amount equal to 300,000 (the Exit Fee ). The Exit Fee shall be deemed earned in full on the date when same is due and payable hereunder and shall not be subject to rebate or proration upon termination of the Credit Agreement for any reason. 13.2. Termination . The termination of this Agreement shall not affect Agent s or any Lender s rights, or any of the Obligations having their inception prior to the effective date of such termination or any Obligations which pursuant to the terms hereof continue to accrue after such date, and the provisions hereof shall continue to be fully operative until (a) all of the Obligations have been Paid in Full and the Commitments and this Agreement have been terminated, and (b) each of the Loan Parties has released the Secured Parties from and against any and all claims of any nature whatsoever that any Loan Party may have against the Secured Parties. The security interests, Liens and rights granted to Agent and Lenders hereunder and the financing statements filed in connection herewith shall continue in full force and effect, notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement or the fact that Borrowers Account may from time to time be temporarily in a zero or credit position, until all of the Obligations have been Paid in Full after the termination of this Agreement or each Loan Party has provided Agent and Lenders with an indemnification satisfactory to Agent and Lenders with respect thereto. 
 152 

 Accordingly, each Loan Party waives any rights which it may have under the Uniform Commercial Code or PPSA to demand the filing of termination statements with respect to the Collateral, and Agent shall not be required to send such termination statements to any Loan Party, or to file them with any filing office, unless and until this Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with its terms, the Commitments have been terminated and all of the Obligations have been Paid in Full. All representations, warranties, covenants, waivers and agreements set forth herein shall survive termination hereof until the Payment in Full of the Obligations, the termination of the Commitments and the termination of this Agreement. XIV. REGARDING AGENT. 14.1. Appointment . Each Lender hereby designates PNC to act as Agent for such Lender under this Agreement and the Other Documents. Each Lender hereby irrevocably authorizes Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the Other Documents and to exercise such powers and to perform such duties hereunder and thereunder as are specifically delegated to or required of Agent by the terms hereof and thereof and such other powers as are incidental thereto and Agent shall hold all Collateral, payments of principal and interest, fees (except the fees set forth in Sections 2.8(b), 3.3 and 3.4 hereof and the Fee Letter), charges and collections received pursuant to this Agreement, for the ratable benefit of Lenders. Agent may perform any of its duties hereunder by or through its agents or employees. As to any matters not expressly provided for by this Agreement, Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of Required Lenders, and such instructions shall be binding; provided, however, that Agent shall not be required to take any action which, in Agent s discretion, exposes Agent to liability or which is contrary to this Agreement or the Other Documents or Applicable Law unless Agent is provided with an indemnification satisfactory to Agent with respect thereto. 14.2. Nature of Duties . Agent shall have no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this Agreement and the Other Documents. Neither Agent nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents shall be (i) liable for any action taken or omitted by them as such hereunder or in connection herewith, unless caused by their gross (not mere) negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment or order), or (ii) responsible in any manner for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof set forth in this Agreement, or in any of the Other Documents or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any of the Other Documents or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, due execution, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement, or any of the Other Documents or for any failure of any Loan Party to perform its obligations hereunder. Agent shall not be under any obligation to any Lender to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements set forth in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any of the Other Documents, or to inspect the properties, books or records of any Loan Party. The duties of Agent as respects the Advances to the Borrowers shall be mechanical and administrative in nature. Agent shall not have by reason of this Agreement a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Lender; and nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to or shall be so construed as to impose 
 153 

 upon Agent any obligations in respect of this Agreement or the transactions described herein except as expressly set forth herein. 14.3. Lack of Reliance on Agent . Independently and without reliance upon Agent or any other Lender, each Lender has made and shall continue to make (a) its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of each Loan Party in connection with the making and the continuance of the Advances hereunder and the taking or not taking of any action in connection herewith, and (b) its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of each Loan Party. Agent shall have no duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Lender with any credit or other information with respect thereto, whether coming into its possession before making of the Advances or at any time or times thereafter except as shall be provided by any Loan Party pursuant to the terms hereof. Agent shall not be responsible to any Lender for any recitals, statements, information, representations or warranties herein or in any agreement, document, certificate or a statement delivered in connection with or for the execution, effectiveness, genuineness, validity, enforceability, collectability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any Other Document, or of the financial condition of any Loan Party, or be required to make any inquiry concerning either the performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions or conditions of this Agreement, the Notes, the Other Documents or the financial condition or prospects of any Loan Party, or the existence of any Event of Default or any Default. 14.4. Resignation of Agent; Successor Agent . Agent may resign on thirty (30) days written notice to each Lender and Borrowing Agent and upon such resignation, Required Lenders will promptly designate a successor Agent reasonably satisfactory to Borrowing Agent (provided that no notice to or approval of Borrowing Agent shall be required (i) in any case where the successor Agent is one of the Lenders or (ii) after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default). Any such successor Agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of Agent, and shall in particular succeed to all of Agent s right, title and interest in and to all of the Liens in the Collateral securing the Obligations created hereunder or any Other Document, and the term Agent shall mean such successor agent effective upon its appointment, and the former Agent s rights, powers and duties as Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Agent. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, if at the time of the effectiveness of the new Agent s appointment, any further actions need to be taken in order to provide for the legally binding and valid transfer of any Liens in the Collateral from former Agent to new Agent and/or for the perfection of any Liens in the Collateral as held by new Agent or it is otherwise not then possible for new Agent to become the holder of a fully valid, enforceable and perfected Lien as to any of the Collateral, former Agent shall continue to hold such Liens solely as agent for perfection of such Liens on behalf of new Agent until such time as new Agent can obtain a fully valid, enforceable and perfected Lien on all Collateral, provided that Agent shall not be required to or have any liability or responsibility to take any further actions after such date as such agent for perfection to continue the perfection of any such Liens (other than to forego from taking any affirmative action to release any such Liens). After Agent s resignation as Agent, the provisions of this Article XIV, and any indemnification rights under this Agreement, including without limitation, rights arising under Section 16.5 hereof, shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this Agreement (and in the event resigning Agent continues to hold any Liens pursuant to the provisions of the immediately 
 154 

 preceding sentence, the provisions of this Article XIV and any indemnification rights under this Agreement, including without limitation, rights arising under Section 16.5 hereof, shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such Liens). 14.5. Certain Rights of Agent . If Agent shall request instructions from Lenders with respect to any act or action (including failure to act) in connection with this Agreement or any Other Document, Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such act or taking such action unless and until Agent shall have received instructions from Required Lenders; and Agent shall not incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining. Without limiting the foregoing, Lenders shall not have any right of action whatsoever against Agent as a result of its acting or refraining from acting hereunder in accordance with the instructions of Required Lenders. 14.6. Reliance . Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any note, writing, resolution, notice, statement, certificate, email, facsimile or telecopier message, order or other document or telephone message believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper person or entity, and, with respect to all legal matters pertaining to this Agreement and the Other Documents and its duties hereunder, upon advice of counsel selected by it. Agent may employ agents and attorneys-in-fact and shall not be liable for the default or misconduct of any such agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by Agent with reasonable care. 14.7. Notice of Default . Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default hereunder or under the Other Documents, unless Agent has received notice from a Lender or Borrowing Agent referring to this Agreement or the Other Documents, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default . In the event that Agent receives such a notice, Agent shall give notice thereof to Lenders. Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by Required Lenders; provided, that, unless and until Agent shall have received such directions, Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of Lenders. 14.8. Indemnification . To the extent Agent is not reimbursed and indemnified by the Loan Parties, each Lender will reimburse and indemnify Agent in proportion to its respective portion of the outstanding Advances and its respective Participation Commitments in the outstanding Letters of Credit and outstanding Swing Loans (or, if no Advances are outstanding, pro rata according to the percentage that its Revolving Commitment Amount constitutes of the total aggregate Revolving Commitment Amounts), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against Agent in performing its duties hereunder, or in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any Other Document; provided that Lenders shall not be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from Agent s gross (not mere) negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment or order). 
 155 

 14.9. Agent in its Individual Capacity . With respect to the obligation of Agent to lend under this Agreement, the Advances made by it shall have the same rights and powers hereunder as any other Lender and as if it were not performing the duties as Agent specified herein; and the term Lender or any similar term shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender. Agent may engage in business with any Loan Party as if it were not performing the duties specified herein, and may accept fees and other consideration from any Loan Party for services in connection with this Agreement or otherwise without having to account for the same to Lenders. 14.10. Delivery of Documents . To the extent Agent receives financial statements required under Sections 9.7, 9.8, 9.9, 9.12 and 9.13 hereof or Borrowing Base Certificates from any Loan Party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement which any Loan Party is not obligated to deliver to each Lender, Agent will promptly provide such documents and information to Lenders. 14.11. Loan Parties Undertaking to Agent . Without prejudice to their respective obligations to Lenders under the other provisions of this Agreement, each Loan Party hereby undertakes with Agent to pay to Agent from time to time on demand all amounts from time to time due and payable by it for the account of Agent or Lenders or any of them pursuant to this Agreement to the extent not already paid. Any payment made pursuant to any such demand shall pro tanto satisfy the relevant Loan Party s obligations to make payments for the account of Lenders or the relevant one or more of them pursuant to this Agreement. 14.12. No Reliance on Agent s Customer Identification Program . To the extent the Advances or this Agreement is, or becomes, syndicated in cooperation with other Lenders, each Lender acknowledges and agrees that neither such Lender, nor any of its Affiliates, participants or assignees, may rely on Agent to carry out such Lender s, Affiliate s, participant s or assignee s customer identification program, or other obligations required or imposed under or pursuant to the USA PATRIOT Act or the regulations thereunder, including the regulations contained in 31 CFR 103.121 (as hereafter amended, modified, supplemented or replaced, the CIP Regulations ), the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada) or any other Anti-Terrorism Law, including any programs involving any of the following items relating to or in connection with any of the Loan Parties, their Affiliates or their agents, the Other Documents or the transactions hereunder or contemplated hereby: (i) any identity verification procedures, (ii) any recordkeeping, (iii) comparisons with government lists, (iv) customer notices or (v) other procedures required under the CIP Regulations or such Anti-Terrorism Laws. 14.13. Other Agreements . Each of the Lenders agrees that it shall not, without the prior written consent of Agent, and that it shall, to the extent it is lawfully entitled to do so, upon the request of Agent, set off against the Obligations, any amounts owing by such Lender to any Loan Party or any deposit accounts of any Loan Party now or hereafter maintained with such Lender. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, each of the Lenders further agrees that it shall not, unless specifically requested to do so by Agent, take any action to protect or enforce its rights arising out of this Agreement or the Other Documents, it being the intent of Lenders that any such action to protect or enforce rights under this Agreement and the Other 
 156 

 Documents shall be taken in concert and at the direction or with the consent of Agent or Required Lenders. XV. BORROWING AGENCY. 15.1. Borrowing Agency Provisions . (a) Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably designates Borrowing Agent to be its attorney and agent and in such capacity, whether verbally, in writing or through electronic methods (including, without limitation, an Approved Electronic Communication), to (i) borrow, (ii) request advances, (iii) request the issuance of Letters of Credit, (iv) sign and endorse notes, (v) execute and deliver all instruments, documents, applications, security agreements, reimbursement agreements and letter of credit agreements for Letters of Credit and all other agreements, documents, instruments, certificates, notices and further assurances now or hereafter required hereunder, (vi) make elections regarding interest rates, (vii) give instructions regarding Letters of Credit and agree with Issuer upon any amendment, extension or renewal of any Letter of Credit and (viii) otherwise take action under and in connection with this Agreement and the Other Documents, all on behalf of and in the name of such Loan Party or the Loan Parties, and hereby authorizes Agent to pay over or credit all loan proceeds hereunder in accordance with the request of Borrowing Agent. (b) The handling of this credit facility as a co-borrowing facility with a borrowing agent in the manner set forth in this Agreement is solely as an accommodation to the Loan Parties and at their request. Neither Agent nor any Lender shall incur liability to the Loan Parties as a result thereof. To induce Agent and Lenders to do so and in consideration thereof, each Loan Party hereby indemnifies Agent and each Lender and holds Agent and each Lender harmless from and against any and all liabilities, expenses, losses, damages and claims of damage or injury asserted against Agent or any Lender by any Person arising from or incurred by reason of the handling of the financing arrangements of the Loan Parties as provided herein, reliance by Agent or any Lender on any request or instruction from Borrowing Agent or any other action taken by Agent or any Lender with respect to this Section 15.1 except due to willful misconduct or gross (not mere) negligence by the indemnified party (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment or order). (c) All Obligations shall be joint and several, and each Loan Party shall make payment upon the maturity of the Obligations by acceleration or otherwise, and such obligation and liability on the part of each Loan Party shall in no way be affected by any extensions, renewals and forbearance granted by Agent or any Lender to any Loan Party, failure of Agent or any Lender to give any Loan Party notice of borrowing or any other notice, any failure of Agent or any Lender to pursue or preserve its rights against any Loan Party, the release by Agent or any Lender of any Collateral now or thereafter acquired from any Loan Party, and such agreement by each Loan Party to pay upon any notice issued pursuant thereto is unconditional and unaffected by prior recourse by Agent or any Lender to the other Loan Parties or any Collateral for such Loan Party s Obligations or the lack thereof. Each Loan Party waives all suretyship defenses. 15.2. Waiver of Subrogation . Each Loan Party expressly waives any and all rights of subrogation, reimbursement, indemnity, exoneration, contribution of any other claim which such 
 157 

 Loan Party may now or hereafter have against the other Loan Parties or any other Person directly or contingently liable for the Obligations hereunder, or against or with respect to any other Loan Parties property (including, without limitation, any property which is Collateral for the Obligations), arising from the existence or performance of this Agreement, until the termination of the Commitments, the termination of this Agreement and the Payment in Full of the Obligations. XVI. MISCELLANEOUS. 16.1. Governing Law . This Agreement and each Other Document (unless and except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in any such Other Document), and all matters relating hereto or thereto or arising herefrom or therefrom (whether arising under contract law, tort law or otherwise) shall, in accordance with Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York, be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. Any judicial proceeding brought by or against any Loan Party with respect to any of the Obligations, this Agreement or any of the Other Documents may be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of New York, United States of America, and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, each Loan Party accepts for itself and in connection with its properties, generally and unconditionally, the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts, and irrevocably agrees to be bound by any judgment rendered thereby in connection with this Agreement. Each Loan Party hereby waives personal service of any and all process upon it and consents that all such service of process may be made by certified or registered mail (return receipt requested) directed to Borrowing Agent at its address set forth in Section 16.6 hereof and service so made shall be deemed completed five (5) days after the same shall have been so deposited in the mails of the United States of America, or, at Agent s option, by service upon Borrowing Agent which each Loan Party irrevocably appoints as such Loan Party s agent for the purpose of accepting service within the State of New York. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted by law or shall limit the right of Agent or any Lender to bring proceedings against any Loan Party in the courts of any other jurisdiction. Each Loan Party waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens. Each Loan Party waives the right to remove any judicial proceeding brought against such Loan Party in any state court to any federal court. Any judicial proceeding by any Loan Party against Agent or any Lender involving, directly or indirectly, any matter or claim in any way arising out of, related to or connected with this Agreement or any of the Other Documents, shall be brought only in a federal or state court located in the County of New York, State of New York. 16.2. Entire Understanding . (a) This Agreement and the Other Documents contain the entire understanding between each Loan Party, Agent and each Lender and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, if any, relating to the subject matter hereof. Any promises, representations, warranties or guarantees not set forth herein and hereinafter made shall have no force and effect unless in writing, signed by each Loan Party s, Agent s and each Lender s respective officers. Neither this Agreement nor any portion or provisions hereof may be amended, modified, changed, waived, supplemented, discharged, cancelled or terminated orally or by any course of dealing, or in any manner other than by an agreement in writing, signed by 
 158 

 the party to be charged. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Agent may modify this Agreement or any of the Other Documents for the purposes of completing missing content or correcting erroneous content of an administrative nature, without the need for a written amendment, provided that Agent shall send a copy of any such modification to the Borrowers and each Lender (which copy may be provided by electronic mail). Each Loan Party acknowledges that it has been advised by counsel in connection with the execution of this Agreement and Other Documents and is not relying upon oral representations or statements inconsistent with the terms and provisions of this Agreement. (b) Required Lenders, Agent with the consent in writing of Required Lenders, and the Loan Parties may, subject to the provisions of this Section 16.2(b), from time to time enter into any written amendments to this Agreement or any of the Other Documents or any other supplemental agreements, documents or instruments for the purpose of adding or deleting any provisions or otherwise amending, modifying, supplementing, changing, varying or waiving in any manner the conditions, provisions or terms hereof or thereof or waiving any Event of Default hereunder or thereunder, but only to the extent specified in such written amendments or other agreements, documents or instruments; provided, however, that no such amendment, or other agreement, document or instrument shall: (i) increase the Revolving Commitment Percentage, or the maximum U.S. Dollar amount of the Revolving Commitment Amount of any Lender without the consent of such Lender directly affected thereby; (ii) whether or not any Advances are outstanding, extend the Term or the time for payment of principal or interest of any Advance (excluding the due date of any mandatory prepayment of an Advance), or any fee payable to any Lender, or reduce the principal amount of or the rate of interest borne by any Advances or reduce any fee payable to any Lender, without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby (except that Required Lenders may elect to waive or rescind any imposition of the Default Rate under Section 3.1 hereof or of default rates of Letter of Credit fees under Section 3.2 hereof (unless imposed by Agent)); (iii) increase the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; (iv) alter, amend or modify the definition of the term Required Lenders or this Section 16.2(b) without the consent of all Lenders; (v) alter, amend or modify the provisions of Section 11.6 hereof without the consent of all Lenders; (vi) change the rights and duties of Agent without the consent of all Lenders; (vii) subject to Section 16.2(d) below, permit any Revolving Advance to be made if after giving effect thereto the total of Revolving Advances outstanding hereunder would exceed the Formula Amount for more than sixty (60) consecutive Business Days or 
 159 

 exceed one hundred and ten percent (110 of the Formula Amount without the consent of all Revolving Lenders; (viii) increase the Advance Rates above the Advance Rates in effect on the Closing Date without the consent of all Revolving Lenders; or (ix) release any Loan Party without the consent of all Lenders. Any such supplemental agreement shall apply equally to each Lender and shall be binding upon the Loan Parties, Lenders and Agent and all future holders of the Obligations. In the case of any waiver, the Loan Parties, Agent and Lenders shall be restored to their former positions and rights, and any Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and not continuing, but no waiver of a specific Event of Default shall extend to any subsequent Event of Default (whether or not the subsequent Event of Default is the same as the Event of Default which was waived), or impair any right consequent thereon. (c) In the event that Agent requests the consent of a Lender pursuant to this Section 16.2 and such consent is denied, then Agent may, at its option, require such Lender to assign its interest in the Advances to Agent or to another Lender or to any other Person designated by Agent (the Designated Lender ), for a price equal to (i) then outstanding principal amount thereof plus (ii) accrued and unpaid interest and fees due such Lender, which interest and fees shall be paid when collected from the Loan Parties. In the event Agent elects to require any Lender to assign its interest to Agent or to the Designated Lender, Agent will so notify such Lender in writing within forty five (45) days following such Lender s denial, and such Lender will assign its interest to Agent or the Designated Lender no later than five (5) days following receipt of such notice pursuant to a Commitment Transfer Supplement executed by such Lender, Agent or the Designated Lender, as appropriate, and Agent. (d) Notwithstanding (i) the existence of a Default or an Event of Default, (ii) that any of the other applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 8.2 hereof have not been satisfied or the commitments of Lenders to make Revolving Advances hereunder have been terminated for any reason, or (iii) any other contrary provision of this Agreement, Agent may at its discretion and without the consent of any Lender, voluntarily permit the outstanding Revolving Advances at any time to exceed an amount equal to up to ten percent (10 of the Formula Amount for up to sixty (60) consecutive Business Days (the Out-of-Formula Loans ). If Agent is willing in its sole and absolute discretion to permit such Out-of-Formula Loans, Lenders holding the Revolving Commitments shall be obligated to fund such Out-of-Formula Loans in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitment Percentages, and such Out-of-Formula Loans shall be payable on demand and shall bear interest at the Default Rate for Revolving Advances consisting of Domestic Rate Loans; provided that , if Agent does permit Out-of-Formula Loans, neither Agent nor Lenders shall be deemed thereby to have changed the limits of Section 2.1(a) nor shall any Lender be obligated to fund Revolving Advances in excess of its Revolving Commitment Amount. For purposes of this Section, the discretion granted to Agent hereunder shall not preclude involuntary overadvances that may result from time to time due to the fact that the Formula Amount was unintentionally exceeded for any reason, including, but not limited to, Collateral previously deemed to be either Eligible Canadian Receivables , Eligible Receivables , Eligible Unbilled Receivables , or Eligible JV Receivables , as 
 160 

 applicable, becomes ineligible, collections of Receivables applied to reduce outstanding Revolving Advances are thereafter returned for insufficient funds or overadvances are made to protect or preserve the Collateral. In the event Agent involuntarily permits the outstanding Revolving Advances to exceed the Formula Amount by more than ten percent (10 ), Agent shall use its efforts to have Borrowers decrease such excess in as expeditious a manner as is practicable under the circumstances and not inconsistent with the reason for such excess. Revolving Advances made after Agent has determined the existence of involuntary overadvances shall be deemed to be involuntary overadvances and shall be decreased in accordance with the preceding sentence. To the extent any Out-of-Formula Loans are not actually funded by the other Lenders as provided for in this Section 16.2(d), Agent may elect in its discretion to fund such Out-of-Formula Loans and any such Out-of-Formula Loans so funded by Agent shall be deemed to be Revolving Advances made by and owing to Agent, and Agent shall be entitled to all rights (including accrual of interest) and remedies of a Lender holding a Revolving Commitment under this Agreement and the Other Documents with respect to such Revolving Advances. (e) In addition to (and not in substitution of) the discretionary Revolving Advances permitted in Section 16.2(d) above, Agent is hereby authorized by the Loan Parties and Lenders, at any time in Agent s sole discretion, regardless of (i) the existence of a Default or an Event of Default, (ii) whether any of the other applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 8.2 hereof have not been satisfied or the Revolving Commitments have been terminated for any reason, or (iii) any other contrary provision of this Agreement, to make Revolving Advances to Borrowers on behalf of Revolving Lenders which Agent, in its reasonable business judgment, deems necessary or desirable (A) to preserve or protect the Collateral, or any portion thereof, (B) to enhance the likelihood of, or maximize the amount of, repayment of the Advances and other Obligations, or (C) to pay any other amount chargeable to the Loan Parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement Protective Advances ). Revolving Lenders shall be obligated to fund such Protective Advances and effect a settlement with Agent therefor upon demand of Agent in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitment Percentages. To the extent any Protective Advances are not actually funded by the other Revolving Lenders as provided for in this Section 16.2(e), any such Protective Advances funded by Agent shall be deemed to be Revolving Advances made by and owing to Agent, and Agent shall be entitled to all rights (including accrual of interest) and remedies of a Revolving Lender with respect to such Revolving Advances. 16.3. Successors and Assigns; Participations; New Lenders . (a) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Loan Parties, Agent, each Lender, all future holders of the Obligations and their respective successors and assigns, except that no Loan Party may assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement (including, in each case, by way of an LLC Division) without the prior written consent of Agent and each Lender. (b) Each Loan Party acknowledges that in the regular course of commercial banking business one or more Lenders may at any time and from time to time sell participating interests in the Advances to other Persons (each such transferee or purchaser of a participating interest, a Participant ). Each Participant may exercise all rights of payment (including rights 
 161 

 of set-off) with respect to the portion of such Advances held by it or other Obligations payable hereunder as fully as if such Participant were the direct holder thereof provided that (i) the Loan Parties shall not be required to pay to any Participant more than the amount which it would have been required to pay to any Lender which granted an interest in its Advances or other Obligations payable hereunder to such Participant had such Lender retained such interest in the Advances hereunder or other Obligations payable hereunder unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with Loan Party s prior written consent, and (ii) in no event shall the Loan Parties be required to pay any such amount arising from the same circumstances and with respect to the same Advances or other Obligations payable hereunder to both such Lender and such Participant. Each Loan Party hereby grants to any Participant a continuing security interest in any deposits, moneys or other property actually or constructively held by such Participant as security for the Participant s interest in the Advances. (c) Any Lender, with the consent of Agent, may sell, assign or transfer all or any part of its rights and obligations under or relating to Revolving Advances under this Agreement and the Other Documents to one or more additional Persons and one or more additional Persons may commit to make Advances hereunder (each a Purchasing Lender ), in minimum amounts of not less than 1,000,000 pursuant to a Commitment Transfer Supplement, executed by a Purchasing Lender, the transferor Lender, and Agent and delivered to Agent for recording, provided, however, that each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to each of the Revolving Advances under this Agreement in which such Lender has an interest. Upon such execution, delivery, acceptance and recording, from and after the transfer effective date determined pursuant to such Commitment Transfer Supplement, (i) Purchasing Lender thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent provided in such Commitment Transfer Supplement, have the rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder with a Revolving Commitment Percentage as set forth therein, and (ii) the transferor Lender thereunder shall, to the extent provided in such Commitment Transfer Supplement, be released from its obligations under this Agreement, the Commitment Transfer Supplement creating a novation for that purpose. Such Commitment Transfer Supplement shall be deemed to amend this Agreement to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to reflect the addition of such Purchasing Lender and the resulting adjustment of the Revolving Commitment Percentages arising from the purchase by such Purchasing Lender of all or a portion of the rights and obligations of such transferor Lender under this Agreement and the Other Documents. Each Loan Party hereby consents to the addition of such Purchasing Lender and the resulting adjustment of the Revolving Commitment Percentages arising from the purchase by such Purchasing Lender of all or a portion of the rights and obligations of such transferor Lender under this Agreement and the Other Documents. The Loan Parties shall execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things in order to effectuate the foregoing; provided, however, that the consent of Borrowing Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) shall be required unless (x) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (y) such assignment is to a Permitted Assignee; provided that Borrowing Agent shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received prior notice thereof. (d) Any Lender, with the consent of Agent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, may directly or indirectly sell, assign or transfer all or any 
 162 

 portion of its rights and obligations under or relating to Revolving Advances under this Agreement and the Other Documents to an entity, whether a corporation, partnership, trust, limited liability company or other entity that (i) is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and (ii) is administered, serviced or managed by the assigning Lender or an Affiliate of such Lender (a Purchasing CLO and together with each Participant and Purchasing Lender, each a Transferee and collectively the Transferees ), pursuant to a Commitment Transfer Supplement modified as appropriate to reflect the interest being assigned Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement ), executed by any intermediate purchaser, the Purchasing CLO, the transferor Lender, and Agent as appropriate and delivered to Agent for recording. Upon such execution and delivery, from and after the transfer effective date determined pursuant to such Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement, (i) Purchasing CLO thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent provided in such Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement, have the rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder and (ii) the transferor Lender thereunder shall, to the extent provided in such Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement, be released from its obligations under this Agreement, the Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement creating a novation for that purpose. Such Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement shall be deemed to amend this Agreement to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to reflect the addition of such Purchasing CLO. Each Loan Party hereby consents to the addition of such Purchasing CLO. The Loan Parties shall execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things in order to effectuate the foregoing. (e) Agent, acting as a non-fiduciary agent of the Loan Parties, shall maintain at its address a copy of each Commitment Transfer Supplement and Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement delivered to it and a register (the Register for the recordation of the names and addresses of each Lender and the outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest and other fees due hereunder. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, in the absence of manifest error, and each Loan Party, Agent and Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of the Advance recorded therein for the purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by Borrowing Agent or any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Agent shall receive a fee in the amount of 3,500 payable by the applicable Purchasing Lender and/or Purchasing CLO upon the effective date of each transfer or assignment (other than to an intermediate purchaser) to such Purchasing Lender and/or Purchasing CLO. (f) Each Loan Party authorizes each Lender to disclose to any Transferee and any prospective Transferee any and all financial information in such Lender s possession concerning such Loan Party which has been delivered to such Lender by or on behalf of such Loan Party pursuant to this Agreement or in connection with such Lender s credit evaluation of such Loan Party. (g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, any Lender may at any time and from time to time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such 
 163 

 pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 16.4. Application of Payments . Agent shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply or reverse and re-apply any payment and any and all proceeds of Collateral to any portion of the Obligations. To the extent that any Loan Party makes a payment or Agent or any Lender receives any payment or proceeds of the Collateral for any Loan Party s benefit, which are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required to be repaid to a trustee, debtor in possession, receiver, custodian or any other party under any bankruptcy law, common law or equitable cause, then, to such extent, the Obligations or part thereof intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continue as if such payment or proceeds had not been received by Agent or such Lender. 16.5. Indemnity . Each Loan Party shall defend, protect, indemnify, pay and save harmless Agent, Issuer, each Lender and each of their respective officers, directors, Affiliates, attorneys, employees and agents (each an Indemnified Party for and from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, fines, actions, judgments, suits, costs, charges, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including fees and disbursements of counsel (including allocated costs of internal counsel)) (collectively, Claims which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against any Indemnified Party arising out of or in any way relating to or as a consequence, direct or indirect, of: (a) this Agreement, the Other Documents, the Advances and other Obligations and/or the transactions contemplated hereby including the Transactions, (b) any action or failure to act or action taken only after delay or the satisfaction of any conditions by any Indemnified Party in connection with and/or relating to the negotiation, execution, delivery or administration of this Agreement and the Other Documents, the credit facilities established hereunder and thereunder and/or the transactions contemplated hereby including the Transactions, (c) any Loan Party s failure to observe, perform or discharge any of its covenants, obligations, agreements or duties under or breach of any of the representations or warranties made in this Agreement and the Other Documents, (d) the enforcement of any of the rights and remedies of Agent, Issuer or any Lender under this Agreement and the Other Documents, (e) any threatened or actual imposition of fines or penalties, or disgorgement of benefits, for violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law by any Loan Party, any Affiliate or Subsidiary of any of the Loan Parties, and (f) any claim, litigation, proceeding or investigation instituted or conducted by any Governmental Body or instrumentality, any Loan Party, any Affiliate or Subsidiary of any Loan Party, or any other Person with respect to any aspect of, or any transaction contemplated by, or referred to in, or any matter related to, this Agreement or the Other Documents, whether or not Agent or any Lender is a party thereto. Without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing, each Loan Party shall defend, protect, indemnify, pay and save harmless each Indemnified Party from (x) any Claims which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against any Indemnified Party arising out of or in any way relating to or as a consequence, direct or indirect, of the issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder, and (y) any Claims which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against any Indemnified Party under any Environmental Laws with respect to or in connection with any Real Property owned or leased by any Loan Party, any Hazardous Discharge, the presence of any Hazardous Materials affecting any Real Property owned or leased by any Loan Party (whether or not the same originates or emerges from such Real Property or any contiguous real estate), including any Claims consisting of or relating to the imposition or assertion of any Lien on any 
 164 

 Real Property owned or leased by any Loan Party under any Environmental Laws and any loss of value of such Real Property as a result of the foregoing except to the extent such loss, liability, damage and expense is attributable to any Hazardous Discharge resulting from actions on the part of Agent or any Lender. The Loan Parties obligations under this Section 16.5 shall arise upon the discovery of the presence of any Hazardous Materials at any Real Property owned or leased by any Loan Party, whether or not any federal, state, or local environmental agency has taken or, to any Loan Party s knowledge, threatened any action in connection with the presence of any Hazardous Materials, in each such case except to the extent that any of the foregoing arises out of (x) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnified Party (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment or order), or (y) a dispute among Indemnified Parties, to which the Borrowers and Guarantors are not a party, and which dispute does not arise from any act or omission of the Borrowers or Guarantors any of their respective affiliates (other than a claim against any agent or arranger solely in its capacity as an arranger or agent under the Other Documents). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this indemnity shall extend to any liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including fees and disbursements of counsel) asserted against or incurred by any of the Indemnified Parties by any Person under any Environmental Laws or similar laws by reason of any Loan Party s or any other Person s failure to comply with laws applicable to solid or hazardous waste materials, including Hazardous Materials and Hazardous Waste, or other Toxic Substances. This Section 16.5 shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 16.6. Notice . Any notice or request hereunder may be given to Borrowing Agent or any Loan Party or to Agent or any Lender at their respective addresses set forth below or at such other address as may hereafter be specified in a notice designated as a notice of change of address under this Section. Any notice, request, demand, direction or other communication (for purposes of this Section 16.6 only, a Notice to be given to or made upon any party hereto under any provision of this Agreement shall be given or made by telephone or in writing (which includes by means of electronic transmission (i.e., e-mail or facsimile transmission or by setting forth such Notice on a website to which the Loan Parties are directed (an Internet Posting if Notice of such Internet Posting (including the information necessary to access such site) has previously been delivered to the applicable parties hereto by another means set forth in this Section 16.6) in accordance with this Section 16.6. Any such Notice must be delivered to the applicable parties hereto at the addresses and numbers set forth under their respective names set forth below in this Section 16.6 or in accordance with any subsequent unrevoked Notice from any such party that is given in accordance with this Section 16.6. Any Notice shall be effective: (a) In the case of hand-delivery, when delivered; (b) If given by mail, four (4) days after such Notice is deposited with the United States or Canadian Postal Service, with first-class postage prepaid, return receipt requested; (c) In the case of a telephonic Notice, when a party is contacted by telephone, if delivery of such telephonic Notice is confirmed no later than the next Business Day by hand 
 165 

 delivery, a facsimile or electronic transmission, an Internet Posting or an overnight courier delivery of a confirmatory Notice (received at or before noon on such next Business Day); (d) In the case of a facsimile transmission, when sent to the applicable party s facsimile machine s telephone number, if the party sending such Notice receives confirmation of the delivery thereof from its own facsimile machine; (e) In the case of electronic transmission, when actually received; (f) In the case of an Internet Posting, upon delivery of a Notice of such posting (including the information necessary to access such site) by another means set forth in this Section 16.6; and (g) If given by any other means (including by overnight courier), when actually received. Any Lender giving a Notice to Borrowing Agent or any Loan Party shall concurrently send a copy thereof to Agent, and Agent shall promptly notify the other Lenders of its receipt of such Notice. (A) If to Agent or PNC at: PNC Bank, National Association 340 Madison Avenue, 11th Floor New York, NY 10173 Attention: Ryan Begley Facsimile: (212) 303-0060 Email: ryan.begley@pnc.com 
 with a copy to: Blank Rome LLP 1271 Avenue of the Americas New York,NY 10020 Attention: Robert B. Stein Facsimile: (917) 332-3750 Email: rstein@BlankRome.com 
 (B) If to a Lender (other than PNC), as specified in its Administrative Questionnaire. (C) If to Borrowing Agent or any Loan Party: Williams Industrial Services Group Inc. 100 Crescent Centre Parkway, Suite 1240 Tucker, Georgia 30084 Attention: Tracy D. Pagliara, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 166 

 Facsimile: (866) 947-2710 Email: tpagliara@wisgrp.com 
 with a copy to: Thompson Hine LLP 127 Public Square, 3900 Key Center Cleveland, OH 44114 Attention: Katherine D. Brandt Facsimile: (216) 566-5800 Email: Katherine.Brandt@ThompsonHine.com 
 16.7. Survival . The obligations of the Loan Parties under Sections 2.2(f), 2.2(g), 2.2(h), 3.7, 3.8, 3.9, 3.10, 16.5 and 16.9 hereof and the obligations of Lenders under Sections 2.2, 2.15(b), 2.16, 2.18, 2.19 and 14.8 hereof, shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the Other Documents and the Payment in Full of the Obligations. 16.8. Severability . If any part of this Agreement is contrary to, prohibited by, or deemed invalid under Applicable Laws, such provision shall be inapplicable and deemed omitted to the extent so contrary, prohibited or invalid, but the remainder hereof shall not be invalidated thereby and shall be given effect so far as possible. 16.9. Expenses . The Loan Parties shall pay (a) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel for Agent), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the Other Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated); provided that, in the case of legal expenses paid or incurred in connection with this clause (a), (x) Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to one (1) outside counsel for PNC and the Lenders taken together and (y) one (1) local counsel for PNC and the Lenders taken together in each relevant jurisdiction, (b) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Issuer in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder, (c) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Agent, any Lender or Issuer (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any outside counsel for Agent, any Lender or Issuer), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (i) in connection with this Agreement and the Other Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (ii) in connection with the Advances made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Advances or Letters of Credit, and (d) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses of Agent s regular employees and agents engaged periodically to perform audits of any Loan Party s or any Loan Party s Affiliate s or Subsidiary s books, records and business properties. 16.10. Injunctive Relief . Each Loan Party recognizes that, in the event any Loan Party fails to perform, observe or discharge any of its obligations or liabilities under this Agreement, or threatens to fail to perform, observe or discharge such obligations or liabilities, any remedy at 
 167 

 law may prove to be inadequate relief to Lenders; therefore, Agent, if Agent so requests, shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief in any such case without the necessity of proving that actual damages are not an adequate remedy. 16.11. Consequential Damages . Neither Agent nor any Lender, nor any agent or attorney for any of them, shall be liable to any Loan Party (or any Affiliate of any such Person) for indirect, punitive, exemplary or consequential damages arising from any breach of contract, tort or other wrong relating to the establishment, administration or collection of the Obligations or as a result of any transaction contemplated under this Agreement or any Other Document. 16.12. Captions . The captions at various places in this Agreement are intended for convenience only and do not constitute and shall not be interpreted as part of this Agreement. 16.13. Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures . This Agreement may be executed in any number of and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, all of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall constitute one and the same agreement. Any signature delivered by a party by facsimile or electronic transmission (including email transmission of a PDF image) shall be deemed to be an original signature hereto. 16.14. Construction . The parties acknowledge that each party and its counsel have reviewed this Agreement and that the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement or any amendments, schedules or exhibits thereto. 16.15. Confidentiality; Sharing Information . Agent, each Lender and each Transferee shall hold all non-public information obtained by Agent, such Lender or such Transferee pursuant to the requirements of this Agreement in accordance with Agent s, such Lender s and such Transferee s customary procedures for handling confidential information of this nature; provided, however, Agent, each Lender and each Transferee may disclose such confidential information (a) to its examiners, Affiliates, financing sources, directors, officers, partners, employees, agents, outside auditors, counsel and other professional advisors, (b) to Agent, any Lender or to any prospective Transferees, (c) in connection with, and to the extent necessary for, the exercise of any secured creditor remedy under this Agreement or under any of the Other Documents, and (d) as required or requested by any Governmental Body or representative thereof or pursuant to legal process; provided, further that (i) unless specifically prohibited by Applicable Law, Agent, each Lender and each Transferee shall use its reasonable best efforts prior to disclosure thereof, to notify the applicable Loan Party of the applicable request for disclosure of such non-public information (A) by a Governmental Body or representative thereof (other than any such request in connection with an examination of the financial condition of a Lender or a Transferee by such Governmental Body) or (B) pursuant to legal process and (ii) in no event shall Agent, any Lender or any Transferee be obligated to return any materials provided by any Loan Party other than those documents and instruments in possession of Agent or any Lender in order to perfect its Lien on the Collateral once the Obligations have been Paid in Full, the Commitments have been terminated and this Agreement has been terminated. Each Loan Party acknowledges that from time to time financial advisory, investment banking and other services may be offered or provided to such Loan Party or one or more of its Affiliates (in connection with this Agreement or otherwise) by any Lender or by one or more Subsidiaries or 
 168 

 Affiliates of such Lender and each Loan Party hereby authorizes each Lender to share any information delivered to such Lender by such Loan Party and its Subsidiaries pursuant to this Agreement, or in connection with the decision of such Lender to enter into this Agreement, to any such Subsidiary or Affiliate of such Lender, it being understood that any such Subsidiary or Affiliate of any Lender receiving such information shall be bound by the provisions of this Section 16.15 as if it were a Lender hereunder. Such authorization shall survive the repayment of the other Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. Notwithstanding any non-disclosure agreement or similar document executed by Agent in favor of any Loan Party or any of any Loan Party s affiliates, the provisions of this Agreement shall supersede such agreements. 16.16. Publicity . Each Loan Party and each Lender hereby authorizes Agent to make appropriate announcements of the financial arrangement entered into among the Loan Parties, Agent and Lenders, including announcements which are commonly known as tombstones, in such publications and to such selected parties as Agent shall in its sole and absolute discretion deem appropriate. 16.17. Certifications From Banks and Participants; USA PATRIOT Act. (a) Each Lender or assignee or participant of a Lender that is not incorporated under the Laws of the United States or a state thereof (and is not excepted from the certification requirement in Section 313 of the USA PATRIOT Act and the applicable regulations because it is both (i) an affiliate of a depository institution or foreign bank that maintains a physical presence in the United States or foreign country, and (ii) subject to supervision by a banking authority regulating such affiliated depository institution or foreign bank) shall deliver to Agent the certification, or, if applicable, recertification, certifying that such Lender is not a shell and certifying to other matters as required by Section 313 of the USA PATRIOT Act and the applicable regulations: (1) within ten (10) days after the Closing Date, and (2) as such other times as are required under the USA PATRIOT Act. (b) The USA PATRIOT Act requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record certain information that identifies individuals or business entities which open an account with such financial institution. Consequently, any Lender may from time to time request, and each Loan Party shall provide to such Lender, such Loan Party s name, address, tax identification number and/or such other identifying information as shall be necessary for such Lender to comply with the USA PATRIOT Act and any other Anti-Terrorism Law. 16.18. Anti-Terrorism Laws . (a) Each Loan Party represents and warrants that (i) no Covered Entity is a Sanctioned Person and (ii) no Covered Entity, either in its own right or through any third party, (A) has any of its assets in a Sanctioned Country or in the possession, custody or control of a Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; (B) does business in or with, or derives any of its income from investments in or transactions with, any Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; or (C) engages in any dealings or transactions prohibited by any Anti-Terrorism Law. 
 169 

 (b) Each Loan Party covenants and agrees that (i) no Covered Entity will become a Sanctioned Person, (ii) no Covered Entity, either in its own right or through any third party, will (A) have any of its assets in a Sanctioned Country or in the possession, custody or control of a Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; (B) do business in or with, or derive any of its income from investments in or transactions with, any Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; (C) engage in any dealings or transactions prohibited by any Anti-Terrorism Law or (D) use the Advances to fund any operations in, finance any investments or activities in, or, make any payments to, a Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law, (iii) the funds used to repay the Obligations will not be derived from any unlawful activity, (iv) each Covered Entity shall comply with all Anti-Terrorism Laws and (v) the Loan Parties shall promptly notify Agent in writing upon the occurrence of a Reportable Compliance Event. (c) Each Loan Party acknowledges that, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada) and other applicable anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist financing, government sanction and know your client laws, whether within Canada or elsewhere (collectively, including any guidelines or orders thereunder, AML Legislation ), the Lenders and Agent may be required to obtain, verify and record information regarding each Loan Party, their respective directors, authorized signing officers, direct or indirect shareholders or other Persons in control of such Loan Party, and the transactions contemplated hereby. Borrowers shall promptly provide all such information, including supporting documentation and other evidence, as may be requested by any Lender or Agent, or any prospective assign or participant of a Lender or Agent, in order to comply with any applicable AML Legislation, whether now or hereafter in existence. 16.19. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any Other Document, or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among Agent, Lenders and the Loan Parties, Agent, each Lender and each Loan Party acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under this Agreement or any Other Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder or under any Other Document which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or 
 170 

 other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any Other Document; or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 16.20. Currency Indemnity . If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court in any jurisdiction with respect to this Agreement or any Other Document it becomes necessary to convert into the currency of such jurisdiction (the Judgment Currency any amount due under this Agreement or under any of the Other Documents in any currency other than the Judgment Currency (the Currency Due ), then conversion shall be made at the Exchange Rate at which Agent is able, on the relevant date, to purchase the Currency Due with the Judgment Currency prevailing on the Business Day before the day on which judgment is given. In the event that there is a change in the rate of Exchange Rate prevailing between the Business Day before the day on which the judgment is given and the date of receipt by Agent of the amount due, the Borrowers will, on the date of receipt by Agent, pay such additional amounts, if any, or be entitled to receive reimbursement of such amount, if any, as may be necessary to ensure that the amount received by Agent on such date is the amount in the Judgment Currency which when converted at the rate of exchange prevailing on the date of receipt by Agent is the amount then due under this Agreement or such Other Document in the Currency Due. If the amount of the Currency Due which Agent is able to purchase is less than the amount of the Currency Due originally due to it, the Borrowers shall indemnify and save Agent harmless from and against loss or damage arising as a result of such deficiency. The indemnity contained herein shall constitute an obligation separate and independent from the other obligations contained in this Agreement and the Other Documents, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by Agent from time to time and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any judgment or order for a liquidated sum in respect of an amount due under this Agreement or any of the Other Documents or under any judgment or order. 16.21. Intercreditor Agreement . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Lien and security interest granted to Agent pursuant to this Agreement and the exercise of any right or remedy by Agent on behalf of the Lenders hereunder are subject to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control. XVII. GUARANTY. 17.1. Guaranty . Each U.S. Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as a primary obligor and not merely as a surety, jointly and severally with each other Guarantor when and as due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, by notice of prepayment or otherwise, the due and punctual performance of all Obligations; provided that with respect to Obligations under or in respect of any Swap Obligation, the foregoing guarantee shall only be effective to the extent that such U.S. Guarantor is a Qualified ECP Loan Party at the time such Swap Obligation is entered into and such Obligations and such guarantee thereof are not Excluded Hedge Liabilities. Each 
 171 

 payment made by any U.S. Guarantor pursuant to this Guaranty shall be made in lawful money of the United States in immediately available funds. 17.2. Waivers . Each U.S. Guarantor hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably waives (a) promptness, diligence, notice of acceptance, notice of presentment of payment and any other notice hereunder, (b) demand of payment, protest, notice of dishonor or nonpayment, notice of the present and future amount of the Obligations and any other notice with respect to the Obligations, (c) any requirement that Agent, any Lender protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or Lien on any property subject thereto or exhaust any right or take any action against any other Loan Party, or any Person or any Collateral, (d) any other action, event or precondition to the enforcement hereof or the performance by each such U.S. Guarantor of the Obligations, and (e) any defense arising by any lack of capacity or authority or any other defense of any Loan Party or any notice, demand or defense by reason of cessation from any cause of Obligations other than the Payment in Full of the Obligations and any defense that any other guarantee or security was or was to be obtained by Agent. 17.3. No Defense . No invalidity, irregularity, voidableness, voidness or unenforceability of this Agreement or any Other Document or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto, or of all or any part of the Obligations or of any collateral security therefor shall affect, impair or be a defense hereunder. 17.4. Guaranty of Payment . The Guaranty hereunder is one of payment and performance, not collection, and the obligations of each U.S. Guarantor hereunder are independent of the Obligations of the other Loan Parties, and a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against any U.S. Guarantor to enforce the terms and conditions of this Article XVII, irrespective of whether any action is brought against any other Loan Party or other Persons or whether any other Loan Party or other Persons are joined in any such action or actions. Each U.S. Guarantor waives any right to require that any resort be had by Agent or any Lender to any security held for payment of the Obligations or to any balance of any deposit account or credit on the books of Agent or any Lender in favor of any Loan Party or any other Person. No election to proceed in one form of action or proceedings, or against any Person, or on any Obligations, shall constitute a waiver of Agent s right to proceed in any other form of action or proceeding or against any other Person unless Agent has expressed any such right in writing. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no action or proceeding by Agent against any Loan Party under any document evidencing or securing indebtedness of any Loan Party to Agent shall diminish the liability of any U.S. Guarantor hereunder, except to the extent Agent receives actual payment on account of Obligations by such action or proceeding, notwithstanding the effect of any such election, action or proceeding upon the right of subrogation of any Guarantor in respect of any Loan Party. 17.5. Liabilities Absolute . The liability of each U.S. Guarantor hereunder shall be absolute, unlimited and unconditional and shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment, discharge or termination for any reason, including, without limitation, any claim of waiver, release, surrender, alteration or compromise, and shall not be subject to any claim, defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any other Obligation or otherwise. Without limiting 
 172 

 the generality of the foregoing, the obligations of each U.S. Guarantor shall not be discharged or impaired, released, limited or otherwise affected by: (a) any change in the manner, place or terms of payment or performance, and/or any change or extension of the time of payment or performance of, release, renewal or alteration of, or any new agreements relating to any Obligation, any security therefor, or any liability incurred directly or indirectly in respect thereof, or any rescission of, or amendment, waiver or other modification of, or any consent to departure from, this Agreement or any Other Document, including any increase in the Obligations resulting from the extension of additional credit to any Loan Party or otherwise; (b) any sale, exchange, release, surrender, loss, abandonment, realization upon any property by whomsoever at any time pledged or mortgaged to secure, or howsoever securing, all or any of the Obligations, and/or any offset there against, or failure to perfect, or continue the perfection of, any Lien in any such property, or delay in the perfection of any such Lien, or any amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any other guaranty for all or any of the Obligations; (c) the failure of Agent or any Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or remedy against any Loan Party or any other Loan Party or any other Person under the provisions of this Agreement or any Other Document or any other document or instrument executed and delivered in connection herewith or therewith; (d) any settlement or compromise of any Obligation, any security therefor or any liability (including any of those hereunder) incurred directly or indirectly in respect thereof or hereof, and any subordination of the payment of all or any part thereof to the payment of any obligation (whether due or not) of any Loan Party to creditors of any Loan Party other than any other Loan Party; (e) any manner of application of Collateral, or proceeds thereof, to all or any of the Obligations, or any manner of sale or other disposition of any Collateral for all or any of the Obligations or any other assets of any Loan Party; and (f) any other agreements or circumstance of any nature whatsoever that may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of any Guarantor, or that might otherwise at law or in equity constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Guaranty hereunder and/or the obligations of any Guarantor, or a defense to, or discharge of, any Loan Party or any other Person or party hereto or the Obligations or otherwise with respect to the Advances or other financial accommodations to the Loan Parties pursuant to this Agreement and/or the Other Documents. 17.6. Waiver of Notice . Agent shall have the right to do any of the above without notice to or the consent of any U.S. Guarantor and each U.S. Guarantor expressly waives any right to notice of, consent to, knowledge of and participation in any agreements relating to any of the above or any other present or future event relating to Obligations whether under this Agreement or otherwise or any right to challenge or question any of the above and waives any defenses of such U.S. Guarantor which might arise as a result of such actions. 
 173 

 17.7. Agent s Discretion . Agent may at any time and from time to time (whether prior to or after the revocation or termination of this Agreement) without the consent of, or notice to, any U.S. Guarantor, and without incurring responsibility to any U.S. Guarantor or impairing or releasing the Obligations, apply any sums by whomsoever paid or howsoever realized to any Obligations regardless of what Obligations remain unpaid. 17.8. Reinstatement . (a) The Guaranty provisions herein set forth herein shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if claim is ever made upon Agent or any Lender for repayment or recovery of any amount or amounts received by such Agent or such Lender in payment or on account of any of the Obligations and such Person repays all or part of said amount for any reason whatsoever, including, without limitation, by reason of any judgment, decree or order of any court or administrative body having jurisdiction over such Person or the respective property of each, or any settlement or compromise of any claim effected by such Person with any such claimant (including any Loan Party); and in such event each U.S. Guarantor hereby agrees that any such judgment, decree, order, settlement or compromise or other circumstances shall be binding upon such U.S. Guarantor, notwithstanding any revocation hereof or the cancellation of any note or other instrument evidencing any Obligation, and each U.S. Guarantor shall be and remain liable to Agent and/or Lenders for the amount so repaid or recovered to the same extent as if such amount had never originally been received by such Persons. (b) Agent shall not be required to marshal any assets in favor of any Guarantor, or against or in payment of Obligations. (c) No U.S. Guarantor shall be entitled to claim against any present or future security held by Agent from any Person for Obligations in priority to or equally with any claim of Agent, or assert any claim for any liability of any Loan Party to any U.S. Guarantor in priority to or equally with claims of Agent for Obligations, and no U.S. Guarantor shall be entitled to compete with Agent with respect to, or to advance any equal or prior claim to any security held by Agent for Obligations. (d) If any Loan Party makes any payment to Agent, which payment is wholly or partly subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required to be repaid to any Person under any federal or provincial statute or at common law or under equitable principles, then to the extent of such payment, the Obligation intended to be paid shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if the payment had not been made, and the resulting revived Obligation shall continue to be guaranteed, uninterrupted, by each U.S. Guarantor hereunder. (e) All present and future monies payable by any Loan Party to any U.S. Guarantor, whether arising out of a right of subrogation or otherwise, are assigned to Agent for its benefit and for the ratable benefit of Lenders as security for such U.S. Guarantor s liability to Agent and Lenders hereunder and are postponed and subordinated to Agent s prior right to Payment in Full of the Obligations. Except to the extent prohibited otherwise by this Agreement, all monies received by any U.S. Guarantor from any Loan Party shall be held by such U.S. Guarantor as agent and trustee for Agent. This assignment, postponement and subordination 
 174 

 shall only terminate when the Obligations are Paid in Full and this Agreement is irrevocably terminated. (f) Each Loan Party acknowledges this assignment, postponement and subordination and, except as otherwise set forth herein, agrees to make no payments to any U.S. Guarantor without the prior written consent of Agent. Each Loan Party agrees to give full effect to the provisions hereof. [signature pages follow] 
 175 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.20>
 6
 wlms-20221231xex10d20.htm
 EX-10.20

Exhibit 10.20 Execution Version CONSENT AND FOURTH AMENDMENT TO REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT This Consent Fourth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement (this Amendment dated as of February 24, 2023 by and among WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company WISG ), WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WISI ), WILLIAMS SPECIALTY SERVICES, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WSS ), WILLIAMS PLANT SERVICES, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WPS ), WILLIAMS GLOBAL SERVICES, INC., a Georgia corporation Global ), CONSTRUCTION MAINTENANCE PROFESSIONALS, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company Construction ), WISG ELECTRICAL, LLC, a New York limited liability company Electrical , and together with Holdings, WISG, WISI, WSS, WPS, Global, and Construction, collectively the Borrowers and each individually a Borrower ), GLOBAL POWER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES INC. a Delaware corporation Power ), GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company GPEG ), STEAM ENTERPRISES LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Steam ), WISG CANADA LTD., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Canada ), WISG NUCLEAR LTD., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Nuclear ), WISG ELECTRICAL LTD., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Electrical , and together with Power, GPEG, Steam, WISG Canada and WISG Nuclear, collectively, the Guarantors and together with the Borrowers, collectively, the Loan Parties and each individually a Loan Party ), the financial institutions set forth on the signature pages hereto (collectively, the Lenders and each individually a Lender and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION PNC ), as agent for Lenders (PNC, in such capacity, the Agent ). BACKGROUND A. The Loan Parties, Agent and Lenders entered into that certain Revolving Credit and Security Agreement dated as of December 16, 2020 (as the same has been and/or may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), pursuant to which Agent and Lenders established certain financing arrangements with the Loan Parties. Capitalized terms used herein but not specifically defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement. B. The Loan Parties have requested that Agent and Lenders (i) make certain amendments to the Credit Agreement and (ii) consent to certain modifications to the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement, and Agent and Lenders have agreed to such requests on the terms and conditions set forth herein. TERMS AND CONDITIONS NOW, THEREFORE, with the foregoing Background incorporated by reference and made a part hereof and intending to be legally bound, the parties agree as follows: 

 1. Amendments to Credit Agreement . Effective upon the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2 hereof, the Credit Agreement shall be amended as indicated on Annex A attached to this Amendment, with text indicated as strikeouts representing text to be deleted from the Credit Agreement in each applicable provision of the Credit Agreement as shown on such Annex A , and with text indicated as bold and double underlined representing text to be added to the Credit Agreement in each applicable provision of the Credit Agreement as shown on such Annex A . 2. Effectiveness Conditions . This Amendment shall become effective on the first date that all of the following conditions have been fully satisfied by the Loan Parties in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent or waived by Agent in writing (such date, the Effective Date ): a. Execution and delivery of this Amendment by each party hereto; b. Agent shall have received a final executed copy of an amendment to the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents (the EICF/CION Term Loan Amendment ), which such amendment shall include a consent to the Loan Parties and Agent entering into this Amendment; c. Agent shall have received final executed copies of (i) the Protective Advance Term Note made by the Borrowers (as defined in the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement) in favor of Energy Impact Credit Fund I LP, dated as of February 21, 2023, in the original principal amount of 428,571.43; (ii) the Protective Advance Term Note made by the Borrowers (as defined in the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement) in favor of CrowdOut Credit Opportunities Fund LLC, dated as of February 21, 2023, in the original principal amount of 285,714.29; and (iii) the Protective Advance Term Note made by the Borrowers (as defined in the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement) in favor of CION Investment Corporation, dated as of February 21, 2023, in the original principal amount of 285,714.29; d. Agent shall have received an executed amendment to the Intercreditor Agreement duly executed and delivered by all Persons contemplated as parties thereto; e. Agent shall have received a copy of each certificate of each Borrower (as defined in the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement) delivered to the EICF/CION Term Loan Agent under the Term Loan Agreement on the Effective Date; f. Agent shall have received an executed copy of that certain engagement letter between Loan Parties and Greenhill Co., LLC (the Investment Bank g. Agent shall have received that certain Timeline prepared by the Loan Parties and Greenhill Co., LLC (and delivered to the EICF/CION Term Loan Agent and EICF/CION Term Loan Lenders on February 21, 2023); and h. No Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing. 
 2 

 3. Post-Closing Obligations . The Loan Parties shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Agent, or take, or cause to be taken, the documents, deliverables, actions or efforts set forth below, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, as promptly as practicable following the Effective Date, but in any event no later than the dates referred to below with respect to each such item (or, in each case, such later date as Agent shall agree in its sole discretion): a. Within five (5) Business Days following the Effective Date, the Loan Parties shall deliver to the Agent a recently issued good standing certificate from applicable governmental authority of each such Loan Party s jurisdiction of incorporation or organization. b. Within ten (10) Business Days following the Effective Date, the Loan Parties shall deliver to the Agent a copy of each certificate of each Canadian Loan Party delivered to EICF/CION Term Loan Agent under the Term Loan Agreement. 4. Consent to EICF/CION Term Loan Amendment . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 10.4 of the Intercreditor Agreement or the Credit Agreement, Agent hereby consents to the EICF/CION Term Loan Agent, the EICF/CION Term Loan Lenders and the Loan Parties entering into, and performing their obligations under, the EICF/CION Term Loan Amendment. 5. Representations, Warranties and Reaffirmation . Each Loan Party hereby: a. reaffirms all representations and warranties made to Agent and Lenders under the Credit Agreement and all of the Other Documents and confirms that, after giving effect to this Amendment, all such representations and warranties are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof (except to the extent any such representations and warranties specifically relate to a specific date, in which case such representations and warranties were true and correct in all material respects on and as of such other specific date); b. reaffirms all of the covenants contained in the Credit Agreement and all of the Other Documents; c. represents and warrants to the Agent and the Lenders that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under the Credit Agreement or any of the Other Documents or would exist after giving effect to this Amendment, the EICF/CION Term Loan Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby; d. represents and warrants that such Loan Party has the requisite authority and legal right to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Amendment and the other documents to be executed by it in connection herewith (this Amendment and such other documents, collectively, the Amendment Documents ), that such actions were duly authorized by all necessary limited liability company or corporate action of such Loan Party, as applicable, and that the officers executing the Amendment Documents on such Loan Party s behalf were similarly authorized and empowered, and that the Amendment Documents do not contravene any provisions of such Loan Party s certificate of incorporation or formation, operating agreement, 
 3 

 bylaws, or other formation documents, as applicable, or of any Material Contract to which it is a party or by which any of its properties are bound; and e. represents and warrants that each Amendment Document is valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally. f. represents and warrants that the incumbency of each officer and of each Loan Party that executed and delivered any document to the Agent on or about the Second Amendment Effective Date in connection with the Second Amendment remains the same, and is true and correct in all respects, in each case as of the Effective Date. 6. Amendment Fee . The Loan Parties shall pay to Agent, in cash, for its sole and separate account and not the account of any Lender, a non-refundable amendment fee of 20,000 (the Amendment Fee ), which fee shall be fully earned on the date hereof and due and payable upon the Effective Date. The Amendment Fee shall not be subject to rebate or proration upon termination of the Credit Agreement for any reason. 7. Payment of Expenses . The Loan Parties shall pay or reimburse Agent and Lenders for its/their reasonable out-of-pocket attorneys fees and expenses in connection with the preparation, negotiation and execution of this Amendment in accordance with Section 16.9 of the Credit Agreement. 8. Reaffirmation of Credit Agreement . Except as modified by the terms hereof, all of the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement and all of the Other Documents (i) are hereby reaffirmed and (ii) shall continue in full force and effect as therein written. 9. Miscellaneous . a. Third Party Rights . No rights are intended to be created hereunder for the benefit of any third party donee, creditor, or incidental beneficiary. b. Other Document . This Amendment is an Other Document as defined in the Credit Agreement and all of the terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement relating to Other Documents shall apply hereto. c. Captions . The captions at various places in this Amendment are intended for convenience only and do not constitute and shall not be interpreted as part of this Amendment. d. Governing Law . This Amendment and all matters relating hereto or arising herefrom (whether arising under contract law, tort law or otherwise) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. e. Severability . If any part of this Amendment is contrary to, prohibited by, or deemed invalid under Applicable Laws, such provision shall be inapplicable and deemed 
 4 

 omitted to the extent so contrary, prohibited or invalid, but the remainder hereof shall not be invalidated thereby and shall be given effect so far as possible. f. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, all of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall constitute one and the same agreement. Any signature delivered by a party by facsimile or electronic transmission (including email transmission of a PDF image) shall be deemed to be an original signature hereto. g. Successors and Assigns . This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and its respective successors and assigns. h. Modifications . No modification hereof or any agreement referred to herein shall be binding or enforceable unless in writing and signed on behalf of the party against whom enforcement is sought. [Signature Pages Follow] 
 5 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has signed this Amendment as of the day and year first above written. BORROWERS: WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Senior Vice President 
 WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP, L.L.C. WILLIAMS GLOBAL SERVICES, INC. CONSTRUCTION MAINTENANCE PROFESSIONALS, LLC WISG ELECTRICAL, LLC By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES, LLC WILLIAMS SPECIALTY SERVICES, LLC WILLIAMS PLANT SERVICES, LLC By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Assistant Secretary 
 Signature Page to Consent and Fourth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

GUARANTORS: WISG CANADA LTD. By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary WISG NUCLEAR LTD. WISG ELECTRICAL LTD. By: /s/ Damien A. Vassal Name: Damien A. Vassal Title: Chief Financial Officer GLOBAL POWER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES INC. STEAM ENTERPRISES LLC By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: President GPEG, LLC By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Vice President 
 Signature Page to Consent and Fourth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

: 

AGENT AND LENDER: PNG BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By: /s/ Ryan Begley Name: Ryan Begley Title: Vice President 
 Signature Page to Consent and Fourth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

Annex A to Third Fourth Amendment Final Version 
 REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (AS AGENT) 
 THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO (AS LENDERS) WITH 
 WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP, L.L.C. WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES, LLC WILLIAMS SPECIALTY SERVICES, LLC WILLIAMS PLANT SERVICES, LLC WILLIAMS GLOBAL SERVICES, INC. CONSTRUCTION MAINTENANCE PROFESSIONALS, LLC WISG ELECTRICAL, LLC (AS BORROWERS) AND 
 GLOBAL POWER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES INC. GPEG, LLC STEAM ENTERPRISES LLC WISG CANADA LTD. WISG NUCLEAR LTD. WISG ELECTRICAL LTD. (AS GUARANTORS) 

December 16, 2020 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

I. DEFINITIONS. 1 1.1. Accounting Terms 1 1.2. General Terms 2 1.3. Uniform Commercial Code / PPSA Terms 5 4 5 1.4. Certain Matters of Construction 5 5 6 1.5. Currency Matters 5 6 7 1.6. Excess Resulting from Exchange Rate Change 5 6 7 1.7. Canadian Terms 5 6 7 1.8. Conversion of Assets 5 7 8 1.9. Term SOFR Notification 5 7 8 1.10. CDOR Notification 5 7 8 1.11. Conforming Changes Relating to Term SOFR Rate 5 7 8 II. ADVANCES, PAYMENTS. 5 7 8 2.1. Revolving Advances. 5 7 8 2.2. Procedures for Requesting Revolving Advances; Procedures for Selection of Applicable Interest Rates for All Advances. 59 60 2.3. [Reserved]. 6 1 2 2.4. Swing Loans. 62 2.5. Disbursement of Advance Proceeds 63 2.6. Making and Settlement of Advances. 6 3 4 2.7. Maximum Advances 6 5 6 2.8. Manner and Repayment of Advances. 6 5 6 2.9. Repayment of Excess Advances 6 6 7 2.10. Statement of Account 6 6 7 2.11. Letters of Credit. 6 6 7 2.12. Issuance of Letters of Credit. 6 7 8 2.13. Requirements For Issuance of Letters of Credit. 6 8 9 2.14. Disbursements, Reimbursement. 6 8 9 2.15. Repayment of Participation Advances. 7 0 1 2.16. Documentation 7 0 1 2.17. Determination to Honor Drawing Request 7 0 1 2.18. Nature of Participation and Reimbursement Obligations 71 2.19. Liability for Acts and Omissions. 7 2 3 2.20. Mandatory Prepayments. Subject in each case to the Intercreditor Agreement: 7 3 4 2.21. Use of Proceeds. 75 2.22. Defaulting Lender. 7 5 6 2.23. Payment of Obligations 7 7 8 III. INTEREST AND FEES. 7 8 9 3.1. Interest 7 8 9 3.2. Letter of Credit Fees; Cash Collateral. 7 8 9 3.3. Unused Line Fee 8 0 1 
 
 i 

3.4. Fee Letter 8 0 1 3.5. Computation of Interest and Fees 8 0 1 3.6. Maximum Charges 81 3.7. Increased Costs 8 1 2 3.8. Alternate Rate of Interest; Interest Rate Inadequate or Unfair 8 2 3 3.9. Capital Adequacy. 90 3.10. Taxes. 9 0 1 3.11. Replacement of Lenders 9 4 5 IV. COLLATERAL: GENERAL TERMS 95 4.1. Security Interest in the Collateral 95 4.2. Perfection of Security Interest 9 5 6 4.3. Preservation of Collateral 9 6 7 4.4. Ownership and Location of Collateral. 9 6 7 4.5. Defense of Agent s and Lenders Interests 9 7 8 4.6. Inspection of Premises 9 7 8 4.7. Appraisals 98 4.8. Receivables; Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts. 9 8 9 4.9. Inventory 102 4.10. Maintenance of Equipment 102 4.11. Exculpation of Liability 10 2 3 4.12. Financing Statements 10 2 3 4.13. Investment Property Collateral. 10 2 3 4.14. Provisions Regarding Certain Investment Property Collateral 10 3 4 V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. 10 3 4 5.1. Authority 10 3 4 5.2. Formation and Qualification. 10 4 5 5.3. Survival of Representations and Warranties 10 4 5 5.4. Tax Returns 10 4 5 5.5. Financial Statements. 105 5.6. Entity Names 106 5.7. O.S.H.A. Environmental Compliance; Flood Insurance. 106 5.8. Solvency; No Litigation, Violation, Indebtedness or Default; ERISA Compliance. 107 5.9. Intellectual Property 1 10 9 5.10. Licenses and Permits 1 10 9 5.11. Default of Indebtedness 1 10 9 5.12. No Default 1 10 9 5.13. No Burdensome Restrictions 110 5.14. No Labor Disputes 11 0 1 5.15. Margin Regulations 11 0 1 5.16. Investment Company Act 11 0 1 5.17. Swaps 11 0 1 5.18. Business and Property of the Loan Parties 11 0 1 5.19. Ineligible Securities 11 0 1 5.20. Federal Securities Laws 11 0 1 

5.21. Equity Interests 111 5.22. Commercial Tort Claims 11 1 2 5.23. Letter of Credit Rights 11 1 2 5.24. Material Contracts 11 1 2 5.25. Investment Property Collateral 11 1 2 5.26. EICF/CION Term Loan Documents / Wynnefield Loan Documents 11 1 2 5.27. Certificate of Beneficial Ownership 112 5.28. Disclosure 11 2 3 5.29. Braden Holdings 11 2 3 VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. 11 2 3 6.1. Compliance with Laws 11 2 3 6.2. Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence and Assets 11 2 3 6.3. Books and Records 11 3 4 6.4. Payment of Taxes 11 3 4 6.5. Financial Covenants . 11 3 4 6.6. Insurance. 11 3 5 6.7. Payment of Indebtedness and Leasehold Obligations 11 4 6 6.8. Environmental Matters. 11 5 6 6.9. Standards of Financial Statements 11 6 7 6.10. Federal Securities Laws 11 6 7 6.11. Execution of Supplemental Instruments 11 6 7 6.12. Government Receivables 11 6 8 6.13. Keepwell 11 6 8 6.14. Certificate of Beneficial Ownership and Other Additional Information 11 7 8 6.15. Canadian Pension Plans 11 7 8 6.16. Post-Closing Covenants 11 7 9 6.17. Standing Transfer Order 1 18 20 6.18. Motor Vehicles 1 18 20 VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS. 1 19 20 7.1. Merger, Consolidation, Acquisition and Sale of Assets. 1 19 20 7.2. Creation of Liens 12 0 1 7.3. Guarantees 12 0 2 7.4. Investments 12 0 2 7.5. Loans 12 0 2 7.6. Capital Expenditures 12 0 2 7.7. Dividends and Distributions 12 1 2 7.8. Indebtedness 12 1 3 7.9. Nature of Business 12 1 3 7.10. Transactions with Affiliates 12 2 3 7.11. Permitted Joint Ventures 12 2 4 7.12. Subsidiaries. 12 2 4 7.13. Fiscal Year and Accounting Changes 12 3 5 7.14. Pledge of Credit 12 3 5 7.15. Amendment of Organizational Documents 12 3 5 7.16. Compliance with ERISA. 12 4 5 
 
 iii 

7.17. Prepayment of Indebtedness 12 5 6 7.18. EICF/CION Term Loan 12 5 6 7.19. Other Agreements 12 6 8 7.20. Locations 12 6 8 7.21. Canadian Loan Party Bank Accounts 12 6 8 7.22. Canadian Loan Parties 12 7 8 7.23. Inactive Subsidiaries 12 7 8 7.24. Capital Provision Agreement 12 7 9 7.25. Term Loan Priority Collateral Account 12 7 9 VIII. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT. 12 7 9 8.1. Conditions to Initial Advances 12 7 9 8.2. Conditions to Each Advance 13 1 2 IX. INFORMATION AS TO THE LOAN PARTIES. 13 1 3 9.1. Disclosure of Material Matters 13 1 3 9.2. Schedules 13 2 3 9.3. Environmental Reports. 13 2 4 9.4. Litigation 13 3 5 9.5. Material Occurrences 13 3 5 9.6. Government Receivables 13 3 5 9.7. Annual Financial Statements 13 4 5 9.8. Quarterly Financial Statements 13 4 6 9.9. Monthly Financial Statements 13 4 6 9.10. Other Reports 13 4 6 9.11. Additional Information 13 4 6 9.12. Projected Operating Budget 13 5 7 9.13. Variances From Operating Budget; Management Discussion and Analysis Reports 13 5 7 9.14. Notice of Suits, Adverse Events 13 5 7 9.15. ERISA Notices and Requests 13 5 7 9.16. Additional Documents 13 6 8 9.17. Updates to Certain Schedules 13 6 8 9.18. Financial Disclosure 13 7 8 9.19. Teleconferences with Loan Parties. 139 9.20. Cashflow Report.. 139 9.21. Engagement of Consultant.. 139 X. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. 1 37 40 10.1. Nonpayment 1 37 40 10.2. Breach of Representation 1 37 40 10.3. Financial Information 1 37 40 10.4. Judicial Actions 1 38 40 10.5. Noncompliance 1 38 40 10.6. Judgments 1 38 40 10.7. Bankruptcy 1 38 41 10.8. [Reserved]; 1 38 41 

10.9. Lien Priority 1 38 41 10.10. EICF/CION Term Loan / Wynnefield Default 1 39 41 10.11. Cross Default 1 39 41 10.12. Breach of Guaranty, Guarantor Security Agreement or Pledge Agreement 1 39 42 10.13. Change of Control 1 39 42 10.14. Invalidity 1 39 42 10.15. Seizures 1 39 42 10.16. [Reserved]; 1 39 42 10.17. Pension Plans 1 39 42 10.18. Anti-Terrorism Laws 14 0 2 XI. LENDERS RIGHTS AND REMEDIES AFTER DEFAULT. 14 0 3 11.1. Rights and Remedies. 14 0 3 11.2. Agent s Discretion 14 2 5 11.3. Setoff 14 3 5 11.4. Appointment of a Receiver. 14 3 5 11.5. Rights and Remedies not Exclusive 14 4 6 11.6. Allocation of Payments After Event of Default 14 4 6 XII. WAIVERS AND JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS. 14 5 8 12.1. Waiver of Notice 14 5 8 12.2. Delay 14 5 8 12.3. Jury Waiver 14 5 8 XIII. EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERMINATION. 14 6 8 13.1. Term 14 6 8 13.2. Termination 14 6 9 XIV. REGARDING AGENT. 14 6 9 14.1. Appointment 14 6 9 14.2. Nature of Duties 1 47 50 14.3. Lack of Reliance on Agent 1 47 50 14.4. Resignation of Agent; Successor Agent 1 48 50 14.5. Certain Rights of Agent 1 48 51 14.6. Reliance 1 48 51 14.7. Notice of Default 1 49 51 14.8. Indemnification 1 49 52 14.9. Agent in its Individual Capacity 1 49 52 14.10. Delivery of Documents 1 49 52 14.11. Loan Parties Undertaking to Agent 1 49 52 14.12. No Reliance on Agent s Customer Identification Program 15 0 2 14.13. Other Agreements 15 0 3 XV. BORROWING AGENCY. 15 0 3 15.1. Borrowing Agency Provisions. 15 0 3 15.2. Waiver of Subrogation 15 1 4 
 
 v 

XVI. MISCELLANEOUS. 15 1 4 16.1. Governing Law 15 1 4 16.2. Entire Understanding. 15 2 5 16.3. Successors and Assigns; Participations; New Lenders. 15 5 7 16.4. Application of Payments 1 57 60 16.5. Indemnity 1 57 60 16.6. Notice 1 58 61 16.7. Survival 16 0 3 16.8. Severability 16 0 3 16.9. Expenses 16 0 3 16.10. Injunctive Relief 16 1 4 16.11. Consequential Damages 16 1 4 16.12. Captions 16 1 4 16.13. Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures 16 1 4 16.14. Construction 16 1 4 16.15. Confidentiality; Sharing Information 16 1 4 16.16. Publicity 16 2 5 16.17. Certifications From Banks and Participants; USA PATRIOT Act. 16 2 5 16.18. Anti-Terrorism Laws 16 3 5 16.19. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 16 3 6 16.20. Currency Indemnity 16 4 7 XVII. GUARANTY. 16 4 7 17.1. Guaranty 16 4 7 17.2. Waivers 16 5 8 17.3. No Defense 16 5 8 17.4. Guaranty of Payment 16 5 8 17.5. Liabilities Absolute 16 5 8 17.6. Waiver of Notice 16 6 9 17.7. Agent s Discretion 16 7 9 17.8. Reinstatement 1 6 7 0 

LIST OF EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES Exhibits Exhibit 1.2(a) Form of Borrowing Base Certificate Exhibit 1.2(b) Form of Compliance Certificate Exhibit 2.1 Form of Revolving Credit Note Exhibit 2.4 Form of Swing Loan Note Exhibit 3.10 Forms of US Tax Compliance Certificates Exhibit 8.1(d) Form of Financial Condition Certificate Exhibit 16.3 Form of Commitment Transfer Supplement Schedules Schedule 1.1 Commitments Schedule 1.2 Permitted Encumbrances Schedule 1.3 Existing Letters of Credit Schedule 2 Capital Providers Arbitration Proceeding Schedule 4.4(b)(i) Equipment and Inventory Locations Schedule 4.4(b)(ii) Equipment and Inventory Locations Warehouses Schedule 4.4(b)(iii) (A) Places of Business and (B) Chief Executive Offices Schedule 4.4(b)(iv) Owned or Leased Real Property Schedule 4.8(j) Deposit and Investment Accounts Schedule 5.1 Consents Schedule 5.2(a) States of Qualification and Good Standing Schedule 5.2(b) Subsidiaries Schedule 5.4 Federal Tax Identification Number Schedule 5.6 Prior Names Schedule 5.7 Environmental Schedule 5.8(b) Litigation Schedule 5.8(c) Indebtedness Schedule 5.8(e) Plans Schedule 5.8(f) Canadian Plans Schedule 5.9 Intellectual Property Schedule 5.10 Licenses and Permits Schedule 5.14 Labor Disputes Schedule 5.21 Equity Interests Schedule 5.22 Commercial Tort Claims Schedule 5.23 Letter of Credit Rights Schedule 5.24 Material Contracts Schedule 7.3 Guarantees Schedule 7.11 Permitted Joint Ventures 
 
 vii 

REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2020, by and among WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company WISG ), WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WISI ), WILLIAMS SPECIALTY SERVICES, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WSS ), WILLIAMS PLANT SERVICES, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WPS ), WILLIAMS GLOBAL SERVICES, INC., a Georgia corporation Global ), CONSTRUCTION MAINTENANCE PROFESSIONALS, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company Construction ), WISG ELECTRICAL, LLC, a New York limited liability company Electrical , and together with Holdings, WISG, WISI, WSS, WPS, Global, Construction, and each Person joined hereto as a Borrower from time to time, and all of their permitted successors and assigns, each, a Borrower and collectively, the Borrowers ), GLOBAL POWER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES INC. a Delaware corporation Power ), GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company GPEG ), STEAM ENTERPRISES LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Steam ), WISG CANADA LTD., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Canada ), WISG NUCLEAR LTD., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Nuclear ), WISG ELECTRICAL LTD., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Electrical , and together with Power, GPEG, Steam, WISG Canada, WISG Nuclear and each Person joined hereto as a Guarantor from time to time, and all of their permitted successors and assigns, each, a Guarantor and collectively, the Guarantors , and together with the Borrowers, collectively the Loan Parties and each a Loan Party ), the financial institutions which are now or which hereafter become a party hereto (together with their respective successors and assigns, collectively, the Lenders and each individually a Lender ), and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION PNC ), in its capacity as agent for Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Agent ). IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants and undertakings set forth herein, the Loan Parties, Lenders and Agent hereby agree as follows: I. DEFINITIONS. 1.1. Accounting Terms . As used in this Agreement, the Other Documents or any certificate, report or other document made or delivered pursuant to this Agreement, accounting terms not defined in Section 1.2 hereof or elsewhere in this Agreement and accounting terms partly defined in Section 1.2 hereof to the extent not defined shall have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP; provided, however that, whenever such accounting terms are used for the purposes of determining compliance with financial covenants in this Agreement, such accounting terms shall be defined in accordance with GAAP as applied in preparation of the audited financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. If there occurs after the Closing Date any change in GAAP that affects in any respect the calculation of any covenant set forth in this Agreement or the definition of any term defined under GAAP used in such calculations, Agent, Lenders and the Loan Parties shall negotiate in 

 good faith to amend the provisions of this Agreement that relate to the calculation of such covenants with the intent of having the respective positions of Agent, Lenders and the Loan Parties after such change in GAAP conform as nearly as possible to their respective positions as of the Closing Date, provided, that, until any such amendments have been agreed upon, the covenants in this Agreement shall be calculated as if no such change in GAAP had occurred and the Loan Parties shall provide additional financial statements or supplements thereto, attachments to Compliance Certificates and/or calculations regarding financial covenants as Agent may require in order to provide the appropriate financial information required hereunder with respect to the Loan Parties both reflecting any applicable changes in GAAP and as necessary to demonstrate compliance with the financial covenants before giving effect to the applicable changes in GAAP. 1.2. General Terms . For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: Activation Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.8(k) hereof. Administrative Questionnaire shall mean the administrative questionnaire in a form supplied by Agent to be completed by each Lender. Adjusted EBITDA shall mean for any Person for any period of determination, the sum of (a) EBITDA, plus (i) all amounts properly attributable to non-cash items for such period, including any non-cash write-downs or non-cash write-offs including fixed asset impairments or write-downs, intangible asset impairments and deferred tax asset write-offs (except to the extent that such non-cash charges are reserved for cash charges to be taken in the future) of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period, excluding, however, any non-cash write-down or non-cash write-offs of accounts receivable plus (ii) any extraordinary losses and unusual or non-recurring charges, including, without limitation, any severance, integration, facilities closing or relocation costs and curtailments or modifications to pension and post retirement employee benefit plans in an aggregate amount not to exceed 500,000 in any fiscal year, plus (iii) any exit costs or withdrawal liability incurred as a result of the Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings of Koontz-Wagner; provided that such amounts shall not exceed 1,000,000 in the aggregate, plus (iv) [reserved], plus (v) non-cash expenses recognized due to purchase accounting, plus (vi) any non-cash losses attributable to foreign currency translation or exchange, plus (vii) one-time, non-recurring customary and documented costs and expenses deducted from Net Income during such period in connection with (A) the consummation of the Transaction and the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Other Documents, and (B) the negotiation, execution and delivery of the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereunder, in an aggregate amount with respect to clauses (A) and (B) not to exceed 3,450,000, plus (viii) non-recurring losses and expenses incurred in connection with projects executed by Jacksonville, Florida management of the Loan Parties, one-time costs and expenses incurred in connection with the transmission and distribution business segment start-up, non-recurring costs and expenses arising out of the implementation of an ERP system, non-recurring costs and expenses arising out of pro forma headcount reductions implemented by the Loan Parties, and non-recurring costs and expenses arising out of the Champion/Powers litigation, in an aggregate amount not to exceed, (A) with respect to the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2022, 3,706,445, (B) with respect to the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2022, 
 2 

 2,521,379, (C) with respect to the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2022, 5,000,000, and (D) with respect to the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2022, 6,900,000, minus (b) without duplication and to the extent included in determining such Net Income of such Person, any non-cash additions to such Net Income of such Person for such period (other than the accrual of revenue or recording of receivables in the Ordinary Course of Business), minus , (c) any gains attributable to foreign currency translation or exchange, minus (d) without duplication and to the extent included in determining such Net Income, any extraordinary or non-recurring non-cash gains (or plus extraordinary non-cash losses) for such period and any gains (or plus losses) realized in connection with any Disposition by Holdings and its Subsidiaries during such period, all determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Advance Rates shall mean the advance rates in respect of Eligible Canadian Receivables, Eligible Receivables, Eligible JV Receivables, and Eligible Unbilled Receivables set forth in Section 2.1(a) hereof. Advances shall mean and include the Revolving Advances, Letters of Credit, and the Swing Loans. Affected Financial Institution shall mean (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. Affected Lender shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.11 hereof. Affiliate of any Person shall mean (a) any Person which, directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control with such Person, or (b) any Person who is a director, manager, member, managing member, general partner or officer (i) of such Person, (ii) of any Subsidiary of such Person or (iii) of any Person described in clause (a) above. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the power, direct or indirect, (x) to vote five percent (5 or more of the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or other Persons performing similar functions for any such Person, or (y) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by ownership of Equity Interests, contract or otherwise. Agent shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors and assigns. Agreement shall mean this Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, restated or replaced from time to time. Alternate Canadian Base Rate shall mean, for any day, a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the higher of (i) the interest rate per annum established from time to time by Agent (or its Affiliates) at its Toronto, Canada office as its reference rate for prime rate of interest loans in Canadian Dollars in Canada to its Canadian borrowers, in effect on such date and (ii) the sum of the one month CDOR Rate in effect on such day plus one percent (1.0 ). Any change in the Alternate Canadian Base Rate (or any component thereof) shall take effect at the opening of business on the day such change occurs. 
 3 

 Alternate Base Rate shall mean, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Base Rate in effect on such day, (b) the sum of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day plus one half of one percent (0.5 ), and (c) the sum of Daily Simple SOFR in effect on such day plus one percent (1.0 ), so long as Daily Simple SOFR is offered, ascertainable and not unlawful; provided, however, if the Alternate Base Rate as determined above would be less than zero, then such rate shall be deemed to be zero. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate (or any component thereof) shall take effect at the opening of business on the day such change occurs. Alternate Source shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Overnight Bank Funding Rate . Anti-Terrorism Laws shall mean any Laws relating to terrorism, trade sanctions programs and embargoes, import/export licensing, money laundering or bribery, and any regulation, order, or directive promulgated, issued or enforced pursuant to such Laws, including the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada), all as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. Applicable Law shall mean all Laws applicable to the Person, conduct, transaction, covenant, Other Document or contract in question, all provisions of all applicable state, province, federal and foreign constitutions, statutes, rules, regulations, treaties, directives and orders of any Governmental Body, and all orders, judgments and decrees of all courts and arbitrators. Applicable Margin shall mean (a) an amount equal to three and one quarter percent (3.25 for (i) Revolving Advances consisting of Domestic Rate Loans and (ii) Swing Loans, (b) an amount equal to four and one quarter percent (4.25 for Revolving Advances consisting of Term SOFR Rate Loans and CDOR Rate Loans. Application Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(b) hereof. Approvals shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.7(b) hereof. Approved Electronic Communication shall mean each notice, demand, communication, information, document and other material transmitted, posted or otherwise made or communicated by e-mail, e-fax, the Credit Management Module of PNC s PINACLE system, or any other equivalent electronic service agreed to by Agent, whether owned, operated or hosted by Agent, any Lender, any of their Affiliates or any other Person, that any party is obligated to, or otherwise chooses to, provide to Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any Other Document, including any financial statement, financial and other report, notice, request, certificate and other information material; provided that Approved Electronic Communications shall not include any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material that Agent specifically instructs a Person to deliver in physical form. Arbitration Proceeding shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Capital Provision Agreement . 
 4 

 Arbitration Recovery shall mean, collectively, (a) any and all amounts paid or payable to Holdings in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding, whether pursuant to an arbitration award, settlement of the Arbitration Proceeding or otherwise, (b) Holdings rights in and to the foregoing, and (c) the proceeds of the foregoing other than the Arbitration Recovery Net Cash Proceeds. Arbitration Recovery Net Cash Proceeds shall mean the gross cash proceeds of the Recovery, less any and all amounts payable in cash by Holdings to the Capital Providers in connection with litigation financing provided by the Capital Providers to Holdings in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding, including all obligations owing by Holdings to the Capital Providers from the Recovery pursuant to the Capital Provision Agreement, and less all of the Capital Providers out-of-pocket costs, fees and expenses incurred or payable by Holdings in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding, including, without limitation, all expert and legal costs and disbursements incurred or made by Holdings in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding. Bail-In Action shall mean the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation shall mean (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Bail-In Legislation Schedule shall mean the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. Base Rate shall mean the base commercial lending rate of PNC as publicly announced to be in effect from time to time, such rate to be adjusted automatically, without notice, on the effective date of any change in such rate. This rate of interest is determined from time to time by PNC as a means of pricing some loans denominated in U.S. Dollars to its customers and is neither tied to any external rate of interest or index nor does it necessarily reflect the lowest rate of interest actually charged by PNC to any particular class or category of customers of PNC. Beneficial Owner shall mean, for each Loan Party (other than Holdings), each of the following: (a) each individual, if any, who, directly or indirectly, owns 25 or more of such Loan Party s Equity Interests; and (b) a single individual with significant responsibility to control, manage, or direct such Loan Party. Benefited Lender shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(e) hereof. 
 5 

 Blocked Account Bank shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.8(h) hereof. Blocked Accounts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.8(h) hereof. Borrower or Borrowers shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include their respective successors and permitted assigns. Borrowers Account shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.10 hereof. Borrowing Agent shall mean Holdings. Borrowing Base Certificate shall mean a certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit 1.2(a) hereto duly executed by the President, Chief Financial Officer or Controller of Borrowing Agent and delivered to Agent, appropriately completed, by which such officer shall certify to Agent the Formula Amount and calculation thereof as of the date of such certificate. Braden shall mean Braden Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Braden Mexico shall mean Braden Manufacturing SA de CV, a company formed under the laws of Mexico. Business Day shall mean any day other than Saturday or Sunday or a legal holiday on which commercial banks are authorized or required by Law to be closed for business in East Brunswick, New Jersey; provided that when used in connection with an amount that bears interest at a rate based on SOFR or any direct or indirect calculation or determination of SOFR, the Business Day means any such day that is also a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and if the applicable Business Day relates to a Canadian Base Rate Loan or a CDOR Rate Loan, such day must also be a day on which Canadian chartered banks are not required to close in Toronto, Ontario Canada. Canadian Base Rate Loans shall mean Advances that bear interest based upon the Alternate Canadian Base Rate. Canadian Benefit Plans shall mean any plan, fund, program, or policy, whether or not written, formal or informal, funded or unfunded, insured or uninsured, providing benefits including medical, hospital care, dental, sickness, accident, disability, life insurance, pension, retirement or savings benefits under which any Loan Party has any liability with respect to any employees or former employees, arising from employment in Canada, but excluding any Canadian Pension Plan and any Canadian Union Plan. Canadian Cash Dominion Period shall mean each period (a) commencing on any day on which either (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or (ii) Agent provides notice to Borrowing Agent stating that, on the day such notice is provided, a Canadian Cash Dominion Period shall commence, and (b) ending (if applicable) (i) if the Canadian Cash Dominion Period shall have occurred as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, on the day on which such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by Agent in accordance with this Agreement, or (ii) if the Canadian Cash Dominion Period shall have occurred as a result of the occurrence of an event described in clause (a)(ii) above, Agent provides notice to 
 6 

 Borrowers stating that, on the following Business Day, the Canadian Cash Dominion Period shall end. Canadian Dollar and the sign CA shall mean lawful money of Canada. Canadian Dollar Sublimit shall mean 5,000,000. Canadian Funding Account shall mean a deposit account of Borrowing Agent established for the purpose of receiving proceeds of Advances made in Canadian Dollars. Canadian Loan Parties shall mean WISG Canada, WISG Nuclear, WISG Electrical and each other Loan Party joined hereto from time to time who is formed in Canada or a province or territory of Canada. Canadian Loan Party Bank Account means, any bank account maintained by a Canadian Loan Party in the Ordinary Course of Business. Canadian Pension Event shall mean (a) the termination or wind-up in whole or in part of any Canadian Pension Plan or the institution of proceedings by any Governmental Body to terminate or wind-up in whole or in part or have a trustee or a replacement administrator appointed to administer a Canadian Pension Plan, (b) the occurrence of an event under the Income Tax Act (Canada) that could reasonably be expected to affect the registered status of any Canadian Pension Plan, (c) the taking of any action with respect to any Canadian Pension Plan which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (d) receipt by a Loan Party of any order or notice of intention to issue an order from the applicable pension standards regulator or similar Governmental Body that could reasonably be expected to affect the registered status or cause the termination or wind-up (in whole or in part) of any Canadian Pension Plan, (e) the receipt of notice by the administrator or the funding agent of any failure to remit contributions to a Canadian Pension Plan, (f) the adoption of any amendment to a Canadian Pension Plan that would require the provision of security pursuant to Applicable Law, or (g) any other extraordinary event or condition with respect to a Canadian Pension Plan that could reasonably be expected to result in a Lien or any acceleration of any statutory requirements to fund all or a substantial portion of the unfunded liabilities of such plan. Canadian Pension Plans shall mean a pension plan that is a registered pension plan as defined in subsection 248(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada) and which is maintained or contributed to by, or to which there is or may be an obligation to contribute by any Borrower in respect of its employees or former employees, arising from employment in Canada, but does not include the Canada Pension Plan or the Quebec Pension Plan as maintained by the Government of Canada or the Province of Quebec and does not include any Canadian Union Plans. Canadian Security Agreements shall mean and include any security documents executed and/or delivered to Agent by any Loan Party organized under the laws of a province of Canada. Canadian Union Plans means any and all pension and other benefit plans for the benefit of employees or former employees, arising from employment in Canada, of any Loan Party that are not maintained, sponsored or administered solely by such Loan 
 7 

 Party, but to which such Loan Party is or was required to contribute pursuant to a collective agreement or participation agreement. Capital Expenditures shall mean expenditures made or Indebtedness incurred for the acquisition of any fixed assets or improvements (or of any replacements or substitutions thereof or additions thereto) which have a useful life of more than one year and which, in accordance with GAAP, would be classified as capital expenditures. Capital Expenditures for any period shall include the total principal portion of Capitalized Lease Obligations paid in such period. Capital Provision Agreement means, collectively, (a) that certain Capital Provision Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2020, by and between Holdings and the capital providers thereunder identified on Schedule 2 hereto (the Capital Providers ), pursuant to which the Capital Providers have agreed to extend financing for certain legal proceedings described on Schedule 2 hereto (the Arbitration Proceeding and (b) that certain Security Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2020, by and between Holdings, as grantor and the Capital Providers, as secured parties, as each such agreement may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof. Capitalized Lease Obligation shall mean any Indebtedness of any Loan Party represented by obligations under a lease that is required to be capitalized for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Captive Insurance Subsidiary shall mean a wholly-owned Subsidiary of a Loan Party formed after the Closing Date that (a) provides bona fide risk-mitigation services for any Loan Party or the Loan Parties (and no other Persons), (b) is subject to regulation under Applicable Law as an insurance company, and (c) has been formed, and continues to be operated, because the Loan Parties have reasonably determined that either (i) the Loan Parties cannot find a third-party insurer to insure them against particular business risks that the insurance subsidiary provides insurance for, (ii) the premiums paid to the insurance subsidiary result in material tax savings for the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, and/or (iii) the insurance provided by the insurance subsidiary is more affordable, and/or offers better coverage (taken as a whole), than is available from a third-party insurer. Cash Equivalents shall mean (a) marketable direct obligations issued by, or unconditionally guaranteed by, the federal government of Canada or any agency thereof or the United States or any agency thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof, (b) marketable direct obligations issued or fully guaranteed by any state of the United States or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof or any province of Canada or maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof and, at the time of acquisition, having one of the two highest ratings obtainable from either S P or Moody s, (c) commercial paper maturing no more than 270 days from the date of creation thereof and, at the time of acquisition, having a rating of at least A-1 from S P or at least P-1 from Moody s, (d) certificates of deposit, time deposits, overnight bank deposits or bankers acceptances maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof issued by any bank organized under the laws of Canada or the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia or any Canadian or United States branch of a foreign bank having at the date of acquisition thereof combined 
 8 

 capital and surplus of not less than 500,000,000, (e) deposit accounts maintained with (i) any bank that satisfies the criteria described in clause (d) above, or (ii) any other bank organized under the laws of Canadian or the United States or any state thereof so long as the full amount maintained with any such other bank is insured by Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation or, as the case may be, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, (f) repurchase obligations of any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (d) of this definition or recognized securities dealer having combined capital and surplus of not less than 500,000,000, having a term of not more than seven days, with respect to securities satisfying the criteria in clauses (a) or (d) above, (g) debt securities with maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any commercial bank satisfying the criteria described in clause (d) above, and (h) Investments in money market funds substantially all of whose assets are invested in the types of assets described in clauses (a) through (g) above. Cash Flow Forecast shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.20 hereof. Cash Management Obligations shall mean the Indebtedness of any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries to the provider of any Cash Management Products and Services (including all Indebtedness owing to such provider in respect of any returned items deposited with such provider). For purposes of this Agreement and all of the Other Documents, all Cash Management Obligations of any Loan Party owing to any of the Secured Parties shall be Obligations hereunder and under the Other Documents, and the Liens securing such Cash Management Obligations shall be pari passu with the Liens securing all other Obligations under this Agreement and the Other Documents, subject to the express provisions of Section 11.6 hereof. Cash Management Products and Services shall mean agreements or other arrangements under which Agent, any Lender or any Affiliate of Agent or any Lender provides or arranges for and provides credit support for the provision of any of the following products or services to any Loan Party: (a) credit cards; (b) credit card processing services; (c) debit cards and stored value cards; (d) commercial cards; (e) ACH transactions; and (f) cash management and treasury management services and products, including without limitation controlled disbursement accounts or services, lockboxes, blocked accounts, automated clearinghouse transactions, overdrafts and interstate depository network services. CDOR Rate shall mean, on any day and for any period, an annual rate of interest equal to the rate applicable to Canadian Dollar bankers acceptances for a 30 day interest period appearing on the Reuters Screen CDOR Page (as defined in the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 2000 definitions, as modified and amended from time to time), rounded to the nearest 1/100th of 1 (with .005 being rounded up), at approximately 12:00 p.m., (Toronto time) on such day, or if such day is not a Business Day, then on the immediately preceding Business Day, provided that (x) if such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen CDOR Page on such day the CDOR Rate on such day shall be the rate for such period applicable to Canadian Dollar bankers acceptances quoted by a bank listed in Schedule I of the Bank Act (Canada), as selected by the Agent, as of 12:00 p.m. (Toronto time) on such day or, if such day is not a Business Day, then on the immediately preceding Business Day, or (y) if the CDOR Rate is unascertainable as set forth in Section 3.8.3 (Successor CDOR Rate Index), a comparable replacement rate determined in accordance with Section 3.8.3; provided , however, that, in all 
 9 

 cases, if the CDOR Rate determined as provided above would be less than 1.00, such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00 for purposes of this Agreement. CDOR Rate Loan shall mean any Advance in Canadian Dollars that bears interest determined by reference to the CDOR Rate in accordance with the terms hereof. CEA shall mean the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. CERCLA shall mean the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. Certificate of Beneficial Ownership shall mean, for each Loan Party (other than Holdings), the certificate in form and substance acceptable to Agent (as amended or modified by Agent from time to time in its sole discretion), certifying, among other things, the Beneficial Owner of such Loan Party. CFTC shall mean the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. Change in Law shall mean the occurrence, after the Closing Date, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any Applicable Law; (b) any change in any Applicable Law or in the administration, implementation, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Body; or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of Law) by any Governmental Body; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, regulations, guidelines, interpretations or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith (whether or not having the force of Applicable Law) and (y) all requests, rules, regulations, guidelines, interpretations or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities (whether or not having the force of Law), in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented. Change of Control shall mean the occurrence of any event (whether in one or more transactions) which results in: (a) any Person or group (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) (i) acquiring beneficial ownership of thirty-five percent (35 or more on a fully diluted basis of the voting and/or economic interest in the Equity Interests of Holdings or (ii) obtaining the power (whether or not exercised) to elect a majority of the members of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of Holdings, (b) the majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors (or similar governing body) of Holdings cease to be occupied by Persons who either (i) were members of the board of directors of Holdings on the Closing Date, or (ii) were nominated for election by the board of directors of Holdings, a majority of whom were directors on the Closing Date or whose election or nomination for election was previously approved by a majority of such directors, (c) except with respect to Braden Mexico, Holdings failing to own, directly or indirectly, one hundred (100 percent of the Equity Interests (on a fully diluted basis) of any other Loan Party, (d) WISG failing to own, directly or indirectly, 
 10 

 one hundred (100 percent of the Equity Interests (on a fully diluted basis) of WISI, WSS, WPS, Global, Construction and WISG Canada, (e) WISG Canada failing to own one hundred (100 percent of the Equity Interests (on a fully diluted basis) of WISG Nuclear and WISG Electrical, and/or (f) other than as permitted pursuant to Section 7.1 hereof, any merger, consolidation or sale of substantially all of the property or assets of any Loan Party; provided, that the sale by Holdings of any Equity Interests of any Loan Party shall be deemed a sale of substantially all of Holding s assets. For purposes of this definition, control of any Person shall mean the power, direct or indirect (x) to vote more than fifty percent (50 of the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors (or the individuals performing similar functions) of such Person or (y) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person by contract or otherwise. Charges shall mean all taxes, charges, fees, imposts, levies or other assessments, including all net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, value added, transfer, franchise, profits, inventory, capital stock, license, withholding, payroll, employment, social security, Canada Pension Plan and provincial pension plan contributions, unemployment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation and property taxes, custom duties, fees, assessments, liens, claims and charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts, imposed by any taxing or other authority, domestic or foreign (including the PBGC or any environmental agency or superfund), upon the Collateral, any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates. CIP Regulations shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14.12 hereof. Claims shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.5 hereof. Closing Date shall mean the date of this Agreement. Collateral shall mean and include all right, title and interest of each Loan Party in all of the following property and assets of such Loan Party, in each case whether now existing or hereafter arising or created and whether now owned or hereafter acquired and wherever located: (a) all Receivables and all supporting obligations relating thereto; (b) all Equipment and fixtures; (c) all general intangibles (including all payment intangibles and all software) and all supporting obligations related thereto; (d) all Inventory; (e) all Subsidiary Stock, securities, Investment Property, Intellectual Property and financial assets; (f) all contract rights, rights of payment which have been earned under any contract, chattel paper (including electronic chattel paper and tangible chattel paper), commercial tort claims, documents (including all warehouse receipts and bills of lading), deposit accounts, goods, instruments (including promissory notes), letters of credit (whether or not the respective 
 11 

 letter of credit is evidenced by a writing) and letter-of-credit rights, cash, certificates of deposit, insurance proceeds (including hazard, flood and credit insurance), security agreements, eminent domain proceeds, condemnation proceeds, tort claim proceeds and all supporting obligations; (g) all ledger sheets, ledger cards, files, correspondence, records, books of account, business papers, computers, computer software (owned by such Loan Party or in which it has an interest), computer programs, tapes, disks and documents, including all of such property relating to the property described in clauses (a) through and (h) of this definition; (h) the Arbitration Recovery Net Cash Proceeds; and (i) all proceeds and products of the property described in clauses (a) through and including (h) of this definition, in whatever form. It is the intention of the parties hereto that if Agent shall fail to have a perfected Lien in any particular property or assets of any Loan Party for any reason whatsoever, but the provisions of this Agreement and/or of the Other Documents, together with all financing statements and other public filings relating to Liens filed or recorded by Agent against the Loan Parties, would be sufficient to create a perfected Lien in any property or assets that such Loan Party may receive upon the sale, lease, license, exchange, transfer or disposition of such particular property or assets, then all such proceeds of such particular property or assets shall be included in the Collateral as original collateral that is the subject of a direct and original grant of a security interest as provided for herein and in the Other Documents (and not merely as proceeds (as defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code) in which a security interest is created or arises solely pursuant to Section 9-315 of the Uniform Commercial Code). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Collateral shall not include any Excluded Property. Commitments shall mean the Revolving Commitments. Commitment Transfer Supplement shall mean a document in the form of Exhibit 16.3 hereto, properly completed and otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to Agent by which the Purchasing Lender purchases and assumes all or a portion of the right, title and interest of the assigning Lender in respect of the outstanding Revolving Advances and Letters of Credit and such assigning Lender s Revolving Commitments hereunder. Competitor means any competitor of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as have been identified by name in writing by the Borrowing Agent to Agent on or prior to the Closing Date and any other Person designated by the Borrowing Agent as a competitor of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries after the Closing Date and consented to by Agent in its sole discretion. Compliance Certificate shall mean a compliance certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 1.2(b) hereto to be signed by the Chief Financial Officer or Controller of Borrowing Agent. Conforming Changes shall mean, with respect to the Term SOFR Rate or any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the 
 12 

 definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of the Term SOFR Rate or such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of the Term SOFR Rate or the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the Other Documents). Consents shall mean all filings and all licenses, permits, consents, approvals, authorizations, qualifications and orders of Governmental Bodies and other third parties, domestic or foreign, necessary to carry on any Loan Party s business or necessary (including to avoid a conflict or breach under any agreement, instrument, other document, license, permit or other authorization) for the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement, the Other Documents, or the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents, including any Consents required under all applicable federal, state or other Applicable Law. Consigned Inventory shall mean Inventory of any Loan Party that is in the possession of another Person or a Loan Party on a consignment, sale or return, or other basis that does not constitute a final sale and acceptance of such Inventory. Consolidated Basis shall mean, with respect to Holdings, the consolidation in accordance with GAAP of the accounts or other items of Holdings and its Subsidiaries. Consultant shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.21 hereof. Contract Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1 hereof. Controlled Group shall mean, at any time, each Loan Party and all trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control within the meaning of Section 4001(b)(1) of ERISA with any Loan Party and all other entities which, together with any Loan Party, are treated as a single employer under Section 414(t) of the Internal Revenue Code. Construction shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors and assigns. Covered Entity shall mean (a) each Loan Party, each Subsidiary of each Loan Party, and all pledgors of Collateral and (b) each Person that, directly or indirectly, is in control of a Person described in clause (a) above. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the direct or indirect (x) ownership of, or power to vote, twenty-five percent (25 or more of the issued and outstanding equity interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or other Persons performing similar functions for such Person, or (y) power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by ownership of equity interests, contract or otherwise. 
 13 

 Custome r shall mean and include the account debtor with respect to any Receivable and/or the prospective purchaser of goods, services or both with respect to any contract or contract right, and/or any party who enters into or proposes to enter into any contract or other arrangement with any Loan Party, pursuant to which such Loan Party is to deliver any personal property or perform any services. Customs shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.13(b) hereof. Daily Simple SOFR shall mean, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), the interest rate per annum determined by the Agent by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, at the Agent s discretion, to the nearest 1/100th of 1 (A) SOFR for the day (the SOFR Determination Date that is two (2) Business Days prior to (i) such SOFR Rate Day if such SOFR Rate Day is a Business Day or (ii) the Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day if such SOFR Rate Day is not a Business Day, by (B) a number equal to 1.00 minus the SOFR Reserve Percentage, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source identified by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or its successor administrator for the secured overnight financing rate from time to time. If Daily Simple SOFR as determined above would be less than the SOFR Floor, then Daily Simple SOFR shall be deemed to be the SOFR Floor. If SOFR for any SOFR Determination Date has not been published or replaced with a Benchmark Replacement by 5:00 p.m. (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania time) on the second Business Day immediately following such SOFR Determination Date, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Date will be SOFR for the first Business Day preceding such SOFR Determination Date for which SOFR was published in accordance with the definition of SOFR provided that SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be used for purposes of calculating Daily Simple SOFR for no more than 3 consecutive SOFR Rate Days. If and when Daily Simple SOFR as determined above changes, any applicable rate of interest based on Daily Simple SOFR will change automatically without notice to the Borrowers, effective on the date of any such change. Debt Payments shall mean for any Person for any period, all cash actually expended by such Person to make: (a) interest payments on any Advances during such period, plus (b) scheduled principal payments in respect of the EICF/CION Term Loan during such period, plus (c) scheduled payments of any fees, commissions and charges set forth herein except for the Closing Fee (as described in the Fee Letter), plus (d) payments in respect of Capitalized Lease Obligations during such period, plus (e) scheduled payments with respect to any other Indebtedness for borrowed money during such period. For the avoidance of doubt, any optional or mandatory prepayments, whether under this Agreement or the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement (including without limitation any Excess Cash Flow (as such term is defined in the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement as in effect on the Closing Date) payment under the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement), do not constitute Debt Payments . Default shall mean an event, circumstance or condition which, with the giving of notice or passage of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default. 
 14 

 Default Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1 hereof. Defaulting Lender shall mean any Lender that: (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Revolving Commitment Percentage of Advances, (ii) if applicable, fund any portion of its Participation Commitment in Letters of Credit or Swing Loans or (iii) pay over to Agent, any Issuer, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including a particular Default or Event of Default, if any) has not been satisfied; (b) has notified the Loan Parties or Agent in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including a particular Default or Event of Default, if any) to funding an Advance under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit; (c) has failed, within two (2) Business Days after request by Agent, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Advances and, if applicable, participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swing Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon Agent s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to Agent; (d) has become the subject of an Insolvency Event; (e) has failed at any time to comply with the provisions of Section 2.6(e) hereof with respect to purchasing participations from the other Lenders, whereby such Lender s share of any payment received, whether by setoff or otherwise, is in excess of its pro rata share of such payments due and payable to all of the Lenders; or (f) has become the subject of a Bail-In Action. Depository Accounts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.8(h) hereof. Designated Lender shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.2(c) hereof. Disposition shall mean, with respect to any particular property or asset (other than cash or Cash Equivalents), the sale, lease, license, gift, exchange, transfer or other disposition of such property or asset, and to Dispose of any particular property or asset shall mean to sell, lease, license, exchange, transfer or otherwise dispose of such property or asset. Disqualified Equity Interests shall mean any Equity Interests which, by their terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into which they are convertible or for which they are exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition, (a) mature or are mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or are redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, on or prior to the date which is 91 days following the last day of the Term (excluding any provisions requiring redemption upon a change of control or similar event; provided that such change of control or similar event results in the Payment in Full of the Obligations), (b) are convertible into or exchangeable for (i) debt securities or (ii) any Equity Interests referred to in clause (a) above, in each case, at any time on or prior to the date which is 91 days following the last day of the Term, or (c) are entitled to 
 15 

 receive scheduled dividends or distributions in cash prior to the time that the Obligations are Paid in Full. Document shall have the meaning given to the term document in the Uniform Commercial Code. Domestic Rate Loan shall mean any Advance that bears interest based upon the Alternate Base Rate. Drawing Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(b) hereof. Early Termination Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.1 hereof. EBITDA shall mean for any Person for any period of determination, the sum of (a) Net Income (or loss) of such Person for such period (excluding extraordinary gains and losses), plus (b) without duplication and to the extent deducted in determining Net Income, (i) all Interest Expense of such Person for such period, deferred financing fees, non-cash interest expenses, upfront financing and other agent or lender fees in connection with any other Permitted Indebtedness of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period, plus (ii) charges against income of such Person for such period for federal, state and local taxes, consolidated income and franchise tax expense of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period, plus (iii) all depreciation expenses of such Person for such period, plus (iv) all amortization expenses of such Person for such period, plus (v) non-cash stock compensation expense. EBITDA shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any Permitted Acquisitions and Dispositions (other than any Dispositions in the Ordinary Course of Business) consummated at any time on or after the first day of the measuring period and prior to the date of determination as if each such Permitted Acquisition had been effected on the first day of such period and as if each such Disposition had been consummated on the day prior to the first day of such period. EEA Financial Institution shall mean (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country shall mean any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. EEA Resolution Authority shall mean any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 16 

 Effective Date shall mean the date indicated in a document or agreement to be the date on which such document or agreement becomes effective, or, if there is no such indication, the date of execution of such document or agreement. Effective Federal Funds Rate means for any day the rate per annum (based on a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed and rounded upward to the nearest 1/100 of 1 announced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor) on such day as being the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions arranged by federal funds brokers on the previous trading day, as computed and announced by such Federal Reserve Bank (or any successor) in substantially the same manner as such Federal Reserve Bank computes and announces the weighted average it refers to as the Effective Federal Funds Rate as of the date of this Agreement; provided that if such Federal Reserve Bank (or its successor) does not announce such rate on any day, the Effective Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the Effective Federal Funds Rate for the last day on which such rate was announced. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Effective Federal Funds Rate as determined under any method above would be less than zero percent (0.00 ), such rate shall be deemed to be zero percent (0.00 for purposes of this Agreement. EICF/CION Closing Date Term Loan shall mean the term loan in the amount of 35,000,000 made by the EICF/CION Term Loan Lenders to the Borrowers on the Closing Date pursuant to the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement. EICF/CION Delayed Draw Term Loan shall mean one or more term loans that the EICF/CION Term Loan Lenders, pursuant to the terms of the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement, may make to the Borrowers during the 18 month period commencing on the Closing Date from the Fourth Amendment Effective Date through April 15, 2023 pursuant to the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement, in a combined original principal amount as to all such term loans not to exceed 15 8 ,000,000 in the aggregate. EICF/CION Protective Advance Term Loan shall mean one or more term loans that the EICF/CION Term Loan Lenders, pursuant to Section 9.7 of the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement as in effect on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date or as may be amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, restated or replaced in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, may make to the Borrowers. EICF/CION Term Loan shall mean the EICF/CION Closing Date Term Loan , each EICF/CION Protective Advance Term Loan and each EICF/CION Delayed Draw Term Loan, in each case individually, and collectively both the EICF/CION Closing Date Term Loan , all EICF/CION Protective Advance Term Loans and all EICF/Delayed Draw Term Loans. EICF/CION Term Loan Agent shall mean EICF Agent LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement shall mean that certain Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement by and among the Borrowers, the Guarantors, the EICF/CION Term Loan Agent, CION Investment Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and the EICF/CION Term Loan 
 17 

 Lenders from time to time party thereto, as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, restated or replaced in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. EICF/CION Term Loan Documents shall mean, collectively, the following (as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, restated or replaced in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement): (a) the EICF CION Term Loan Agreement and, all exhibits, schedules and disclosure letters referred to therein or delivered pursuant thereto, if any, (b) all amendments thereto, waivers relating thereto and other side letters or agreements affecting the terms thereof, and (c) all of the other agreements, documents and instruments executed and delivered in connection therewith or related thereto. EICF/CION Term Loan Lenders shall mean, collectively, Energy Impact Credit Fund I LP, CION Investment Corporation, Murray Hill Funding II, LLC, CrowdOut Capital LLC, and CrowdOut Credit Opportunities Fund LLC. Eligibility Date shall mean, with respect to each Loan Party and each Swap, the date on which this Agreement or any Other Document becomes effective with respect to such Swap (for the avoidance of doubt, the Eligibility Date shall be the Effective Date of such Swap if this Agreement or any Other Document is then in effect with respect to such Loan Party, and otherwise it shall be the Effective Date of this Agreement and/or such Other Documents to which such Loan Party is a party). Eligible Canadian Receivables shall mean and include each Receivable of a Canadian Loan Party arising in the Ordinary Course of Business and which Agent, in its sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, shall deem to be an Eligible Canadian Receivable, based on such considerations as Agent may from time to time deem appropriate. In addition, no Receivable shall be an Eligible Canadian Receivable if: (a) such Receivable arises out of a sale made by any Canadian Loan Party to an Affiliate of any Loan Party or to a Person controlled by an Affiliate of any Loan Party; (b) such Receivable is due or unpaid more than ninety (90) days (or, in Agent s sole discretion, one hundred twenty (120) days) after the original invoice date or sixty (60) days after the original due date; (c) such Receivable is due from a Customer with respect to which fifty percent (50 or more of the Receivables owing from such Customer are not otherwise deemed Eligible Canadian Receivables hereunder (such percentage may, in Agent s sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, be increased or decreased from time to time); (d) such Receivable is not subject to Agent s first priority perfected Lien or is subject to any other Liens (other than Permitted Encumbrances); (e) any covenant, representation or warranty set forth in this Agreement with respect to such Receivable has been breached; 
 18 

 (f) such Receivable is due from a Customer with respect to which an Insolvency Event shall have occurred; (g) the sale giving rise to such Receivable is to a Customer outside a province or territory of Canada; (h) the sale giving rise to such Receivable is on a bill-and-hold, guaranteed sale, sale-and-return, sale on approval, consignment or any other repurchase or return basis with the applicable Customer or such Receivable is evidenced by chattel paper or an instrument; (i) Agent believes, in its sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, that the ability to collect such Receivable is insecure or that such Receivable may not be paid by reason of the Customer s financial inability to pay; (j) such Receivable is (i) due from a Customer which is the United States or (ii) due from a Customer which is the federal Government of Canada or any provincial or territorial government or Governmental Body thereof which has adopted legislation requiring any consent or other legal formality of a provincial or territorial Governmental Body to the assignment of any claim against such province or territory or Governmental Body and/or the grant of any Lien in such Receivable unless the applicable Canadian Loan Party has complied with the terms of the Financial Administration Act (Canada) or any other similar applicable provincial or territorial statute and such assignment is enforceable against such Governmental Body; (k) the goods giving rise to such Receivable have not been delivered to and accepted by the Customer, the services giving rise to such Receivable have not been performed by the applicable Canadian Loan Party and accepted by the Customer or such Receivable otherwise does not represent a final sale; (l) the Receivables of the Customer from which such Receivable is owing exceed a credit limit determined by Agent, in its sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, to the extent such Receivable exceeds such limit; (m) such Receivable is subject to any offset, deduction, defense, dispute, credit or counterclaim (because, among other reasons, the Customer is also a creditor or supplier of a Canadian Loan Party) or the Receivable is contingent in any respect or for any reason (but such Receivable shall only be ineligible to the extent of such offset, deduction, defense, dispute, credit or counterclaim or contingency); (n) the applicable Canadian Loan Party has made any agreement with any Customer for any deduction therefrom, except for discounts or allowances made in the Ordinary Course of Business for prompt payment, all of which discounts or allowances are reflected in the calculation of the face value of each respective invoice related thereto; (o) any return, rejection or repossession of the merchandise the sale of which gave rise to such Receivable has occurred or the rendition of services giving rise to such Receivable has been disputed; 
 19 

 (p) such Receivable is not payable to a Canadian Loan Party; (q) such Receivable is not denominated in Canadian Dollars; (r) such Receivable is not evidenced by an invoice or other documentary evidence satisfactory to Agent; or (s) such Receivable is not otherwise satisfactory to Agent as determined by Agent in its Permitted Discretion. Eligible Contract Participant shall mean an eligible contract participant as defined in the CEA and regulations thereunder. Eligible JV Receivables shall mean and include each JV Receivable of a Borrower arising in the Ordinary Course of Business and which Agent, in its sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, shall deem to be an Eligible JV Receivable, based on such considerations as Agent may from time to time deem appropriate. In addition, no JV Receivable shall be an Eligible Receivable unless (a) it satisfies all of the criteria of Eligible Receivables, other than clause (a)(i) of the definition of Eligible Receivables and (b) the Customer obligated on such JV Receivable (other than Richmond, defined below) shall have executed in favor of the Agent and delivered to the Agent a valid and enforceable no offset agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, pursuant to which such Customer shall have waived any right it may have to set off against the payment of the applicable JV Receivable amounts or other obligations owing to it by such Borrower, unless such Borrower shall have notified the Agent in writing that such Customer is unwilling to execute and deliver to the Agent such no offset agreement, so long as the Agent shall have determined that such Borrower in fact used its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Customer to execute and deliver such no offset agreement to the Agent. As of the First Amendment Effective Date, the only JV Receivables that may constitute Eligible JV Receivables (provided all eligibility criteria are met, as determined by the Agent, in its sole discretion, exercised in a commercially reasonable manner) are those with respect to which the Customer obligated on such JV Receivables is Richmond County Constructors, LLC, a limited liability company formed under the laws of the state of Delaware Richmond ). Eligible Receivables shall mean and include each Receivable of a Borrower arising in the Ordinary Course of Business and which Agent, in its sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, shall deem to be an Eligible Receivable, based on such considerations as Agent may from time to time deem appropriate. In addition, no Receivable shall be an Eligible Receivable if: (a) such Receivable arises out of a sale made by any Borrower (i) to an Affiliate of any Loan Party or (ii) to a Person controlled by an Affiliate of any Loan Party; (b) such Receivable is due or unpaid more than ninety (90) days or, solely with respect to Southern Receivables (or any other Receivables in Agent s sole discretion), one hundred twenty (120) days, after the original invoice date or sixty (60) days after the original due date; 
 20 

 (c) such Receivable is due from a Customer with respect to which fifty percent (50 or more of the Receivables owing from such Customer are not otherwise deemed Eligible Receivables hereunder (such percentage may, in Agent s sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, be increased or decreased from time to time); (d) such Receivable is not subject to Agent s first priority perfected Lien or is subject to any other Liens (other than Permitted Encumbrances); (e) any covenant, representation or warranty set forth in this Agreement with respect to such Receivable has been breached; (f) such Receivable is due from a Customer with respect to which an Insolvency Event shall have occurred; (g) the sale giving rise to such Receivable is to a Customer outside the continental United States , unless such sale is on letter of credit, guaranty or acceptance terms, in each case acceptable to Agent in its sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner; (h) the sale giving rise to such Receivable is on a bill-and-hold, guaranteed sale, sale-and-return, sale on approval, consignment or any other repurchase or return basis with the applicable Customer or such Receivable is evidenced by chattel paper or an instrument; (i) Agent believes, in its sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, that the ability to collect such Receivable is insecure or that such Receivable may not be paid by reason of the Customer s financial inability to pay; (j) such Receivable is (i) due from a Customer which is the United States, any state or any department, agency or instrumentality of any of them, unless the applicable Borrower assigns its right to payment of such Receivable to Agent pursuant to the Assignment of Claims Act of 1940, as amended (31 U.S.C. Sub-Section 3727 et seq. and 41 U.S.C. Sub-Section 15 et seq.) or has otherwise complied with other applicable statutes or ordinances or (ii) due from a Customer which is the federal Government of Canada or any provincial Governmental Body thereof which has adopted legislation requiring any consent or other legal formality of a provincial Governmental Body to the assignment of any claim against such province or provincial Governmental Body and/or the grant of any Lien in such Receivable and such assignment is enforceable against such Governmental Body; (k) (i) the goods giving rise to such Receivable have not been delivered to and accepted by the Customer, (ii) the services giving rise to such Receivable have not been performed by the applicable Borrower and accepted by the Customer or (iii) such Receivable otherwise does not represent a final sale, unless, in the case of this clause (iii), such Receivable is one in a series of related Receivables arising from continuing services performed for the benefit of the same Customer pursuant to the same project, the terms in respect of which permit the progress billing for such services, in each case rendered in the Ordinary Course of Business; 
 21 

 (l) the Receivables of the Customer from which such Receivable is owing exceed a credit limit determined by Agent, in its sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, to the extent such Receivable exceeds such limit; (m) such Receivable is owing from a Customer whose total obligations owing to all Borrowers and, for the purposes of this clause (m), all Canadian Loan Parties, exceed 60 of all Eligible Receivables and all Eligible Canadian Receivables, to the extent of the obligations owing by such Customer in excess of such percentage; provided , however , such percentage, as applied to a particular Customer (x) may be reduced at any time by Agent in its Permitted Discretion if the creditworthiness of such Customer deteriorates in the determination of Agent, and (y) may be increased at any time by Agent in its sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner; (n) such Receivable is subject to any offset, deduction, defense, dispute, credit or counterclaim (because, among other reasons, the Customer is also a creditor or supplier of a Borrower) or the Receivable is contingent in any respect or for any reason (but such Receivable shall only be ineligible to the extent of such offset, deduction, defense, dispute, credit or counterclaim or contingency); (o) the applicable Borrower has made any agreement with any Customer for any deduction therefrom, except for discounts or allowances made in the Ordinary Course of Business for prompt payment, all of which discounts or allowances are reflected in the calculation of the face value of each respective invoice related thereto; (p) any return, rejection or repossession of the merchandise the sale of which gave rise to such Receivable has occurred or the rendition of services giving rise to such Receivable has been disputed; (q) such Receivable is not payable to a Borrower; (r) such Receivable is not evidenced by an invoice or other documentary evidence satisfactory to Agent; or (s) such Receivable is not otherwise satisfactory to Agent as determined by Agent in its Permitted Discretion. Eligible Unbilled Canadian Receivables shall mean and include each Receivable of a Canadian Loan Party arising in the Ordinary Course of Business that (a) satisfies all of the criteria of Eligible Canadian Receivables, other than clause (r) of the definition of Eligible Canadian Receivables , (b) shall become a standard billed Receivable in the Ordinary Course of Business pursuant to the billing of such amount (and the conversion thereof into a Receivable) within thirty (30) days after the date of completion of the services or the delivery of the goods giving rise to such Receivable, and (c) is evidenced by such documentation satisfactory to Agent in its Permitted Discretion. Eligible Unbilled Receivables shall mean, collectively, Eligible Unbilled U.S. Receivables, Eligible Unbilled Canadian Receivables, and Eligible Unbilled JV Receivables. 
 22 

 Eligible Unbilled JV Receivables shall mean and include each JV Receivable of a Borrower arising in the Ordinary Course of Business that (a) satisfies all of the criteria of Eligible JV Receivables, other than clause (r) of the definition of Eligible Receivables , (b) shall become a standard billed JV Receivable in the Ordinary Course of Business pursuant to the billing of such amount (and the conversion thereof into a Receivable) within thirty (30) days after the date of completion of the services or the delivery of the goods giving rise to such Receivable, and (c) is evidenced by such documentation satisfactory to Agent in its Permitted Discretion. Eligible Unbilled U.S. Receivables shall mean and include each Receivable of a Borrower arising in the Ordinary Course of Business that (a) satisfies all of the criteria of Eligible Receivables, other than clause (r) of the definition of Eligible Receivables , (b) shall become a standard billed Receivable in the Ordinary Course of Business pursuant to the billing of such amount (and the conversion thereof into a Receivable) within thirty (30) days after the date of completion of the services or the delivery of the goods giving rise to such Receivable, and (c) is evidenced by such documentation satisfactory to Agent in its Permitted Discretion. Environmental Complaint shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.3(b) hereof. Environmental Laws shall mean all federal, state, provincial, territorial and local environmental, land use, zoning, health, chemical use, safety and sanitation Laws relating to the protection of the environment, human health and/or governing the use, storage, treatment, generation, transportation, processing, handling, production or disposal of Hazardous Materials and the rules, regulations, policies, guidelines, interpretations, decisions, orders and directives of federal, state, international and local governmental agencies and authorities with respect thereto. Equipment shall have the meaning given to the term equipment in the Uniform Commercial Code. Equity Interests shall mean, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, rights to purchase, options, warrants, general, limited or limited liability partnership interests, member interests, participation or other equivalents of or interest in (regardless of how designated) equity of such Person, whether voting or nonvoting, including common stock, preferred stock, convertible securities or any other equity security (as such term is defined in Rule 3a11-1 of the General Rules and Regulations promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act), including in each case all of the following rights relating to such Equity Interests, whether arising under the Organizational Documents of the Person issuing such Equity Interests (the Equity Issuer or under the Applicable Laws of such Equity Issuer s jurisdiction of organization relating to the formation, existence and governance of corporations, limited liability companies or partnerships or business trusts or other legal entities, as the case may be: (i) all economic rights (including all rights to receive dividends and distributions) relating to such Equity Interests; (ii) all voting rights and rights to consent to any particular actions by the applicable Equity Issuer; (iii) all management rights with respect to such Equity Issuer; (iv) in the case of any Equity Interests consisting of a general partner interest in a partnership, all powers and rights as a general partner with respect to the management, operations and control of the business and affairs of the applicable Equity Issuer; (v) in the case of any Equity Interests consisting of the membership/limited liability company interests of a managing member in a limited liability 
 23 

 company, all powers and rights as a managing member with respect to the management, operations and control of the business and affairs of the applicable Equity Issuer; (vi) all rights to designate or appoint or vote for or remove any officers, directors, managers, general partners or managing members of such Equity Issuer and/or any members of any board of members/managers/partners/directors that may at any time have any rights to manage and direct the business and affairs of the applicable Equity Issuer under its Organizational Documents as in effect from time to time or under Applicable Law; (vii) all rights to amend the Organizational Documents of such Equity Issuer, (viii) in the case of any Equity Interests in a partnership or limited liability company, the status of the holder of such Equity Interests as a partner , general or limited, or member (as applicable) under the applicable Organizational Documents and/or Applicable Law; and (ix) all certificates evidencing such Equity Interests. ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Event of Default shall have the meaning set forth in Article X hereof. Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Exchange Rate shall mean, with respect to any calculation of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any amount denominated in any currency other than U.S. Dollars on any date of determination, the prevailing spot rate of exchange for the conversion of such other currency into U.S. Dollars as determined by Agent s foreign exchange department (in the exercise of its ordinary business practices regarding foreign currency exchange for customers of the Agent similarly situated to Borrowers) as of the close of business for Agent s foreign exchange department on the Business Day immediately preceding such date of determination; provided that , notwithstanding the foregoing, in the context of any actual conversion by Agent or any Lender of any funds received by Agent or any Lender (whether as a payment made by any Loan Party or the proceeds of any Collateral (including any collections on any Receivable received by Agent or any Lender)), or any calculation or valuation of asset values, from one currency to another for the purpose of applying such funds to the Obligations in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or calculating the Formula Amount, Exchange Rate means the spot-buying or spot-selling (as the case may be) rate of exchange at which Agent or such Lender is actually able to exchange the one currency for the other in the exercise of its ordinary business practices regarding foreign currency exchange at the time of such actual conversion. Excluded Deposit Accounts shall mean deposit accounts exclusively used for payroll, payroll taxes and other employee wage and benefit payments to or for the benefit of Loan Parties employees and identified to Agent by a Borrower as such. Excluded Hedge Liability or Liabilities shall mean, with respect to each Loan Party, each of its Swap Obligations if, and only to the extent that, all or any portion of this Agreement or any Other Document that relates to such Swap Obligation is or becomes illegal under the CEA, or any rule, regulation or order of the CFTC, solely by virtue of such Loan Party s failure to qualify as an Eligible Contract Participant on the Eligibility Date for such Swap. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement or any Other Document 
 24 

 to the contrary, the foregoing is subject to the following provisos: (a) if a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one Swap, this definition shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to Swaps for which such guaranty or security interest is or becomes illegal under the CEA, or any rule, regulations or order of the CFTC, solely as a result of the failure by such Loan Party for any reason to qualify as an Eligible Contract Participant on the Eligibility Date for such Swap; (b) if a guarantee of a Swap Obligation would cause such obligation to be an Excluded Hedge Liability but the grant of a security interest would not cause such obligation to be an Excluded Hedge Liability, such Swap Obligation shall constitute an Excluded Hedge Liability for purposes of the guaranty but not for purposes of the grant of the security interest; and (c) if there is more than one Loan Party executing this Agreement or the Other Documents and a Swap Obligation would be an Excluded Hedge Liability with respect to one or more of such Loan Parties, but not all of them, the definition of Excluded Hedge Liability or Liabilities with respect to each such Loan Party shall only be deemed applicable to (i) the particular Swap Obligations that constitute Excluded Hedge Liabilities with respect to such Loan Party, and (ii) the particular Loan Party with respect to which such Swap Obligations constitute Excluded Hedge Liabilities. Excluded Property shall mean each of the following assets of a Loan Party: (a) any (i) Leasehold Interests and (ii) fee-owned Real Property other than Material Owned Real Property; (b) (i) the Arbitration Recovery and (ii) until such date as all Secured Obligations (as such term is defined in the Capital Provision Agreement in effect as of the Closing Date) have been satisfied in full and the Capital Provision Agreement has been terminated, the Collateral, as such term is defined in the Capital Provision Agreement in effect on the Closing Date; (c) any lease, license, contract, property right or agreement to which any Loan Party is a party on the Closing Date if and for so long as the grant of the security interest to Agent with respect thereto is prohibited by applicable law; provided that such asset shall no longer be an Excluded Property immediately at such time the grant of a security interest therein shall no longer be prohibited by applicable law; (d) property subject to a purchase money security agreement to the extent and for so long as (i) the documentation providing for such purchase money indebtedness prohibits the creation of a lien on such assets; (e) property subject to a capital lease to the extent the documentation providing for such capital lease requires consent and the applicable Loan Party has used its commercially best efforts to obtain such consent and such consent has not been obtained; provided that such assets shall no longer be an Excluded Property immediately at such time as the contractual prohibition, or consent right, shall no longer be applicable and to the extent severable, shall attach immediately to any portion of such assets that is not subject to such prohibition or consent right; (f) any lease, license, contract, property right or agreement to which any Loan Party is a party, in each case in existence on the closing date or upon acquisition of the relevant subsidiary party thereto, or any of its rights or interests thereunder: (i) if and for so long as the grant of the security interest to Agent with respect thereto (A) shall constitute or result in the abandonment, invalidation or unenforceability of any right, title or interest of any Loan Party therein, (B) shall constitute or result in a breach, default or termination pursuant to the terms thereof, other than to the extent that any such term would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the Uniform Commercial Code (or any successor provision or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law or principles of equity, or (C) otherwise requires consent thereunder and the applicable Loan Party has used its commercially best efforts to obtain such consent and such consent has not been obtained; and (ii) such prohibition, termination right or consent requirement is not entered into in contemplation of 
 25 

 this Agreement or the Other Documents; provided that such asset shall no longer be an Excluded Property immediately at such time as the condition causing such abandonment, invalidation, unenforceability, breach, default or termination shall be remedied and to the extent severable, shall attach immediately to any portion of such asset that does not result in any of the consequences specified herein; (g) any intent-to-use trademark application, filed pursuant to Section 1(b) of the Lanham Act, 17 USC. 1051(b), prior to the filing of a Statement of Use or Amendment to Allege Use with respect thereto (as each is defined in such act), to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant of the security interest of Agent with respect thereto would impair the validity or enforceability of such intent-to-use trademark application or any registration that issues from such intent-to-use application under applicable federal law; and (h) other than as specifically provided in this definition, any asset with respect to which Agent shall have determined in good faith that the burden or cost of obtaining a security interest in such asset exceeds the practical benefit to the Agent and secured parties of the security to be afforded thereby, including, but not limited to, any property that requires action under the Law of any jurisdiction other than the United States or Canada or under the Law of any state thereof to create or perfect a security interest in such property; provided, however, notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Excluded Property shall not at any time include (x) the proceeds, products, substitutions or replacements of any such asset or (y) any asset that at any time ceases to satisfy the criteria to constitute Excluded Property (whether as a result of any Loan party obtaining any applicable consent, any regulatory change, or otherwise). Excluded Taxes shall mean any of the following Taxes on or with respect to Agent, any Lender, Swing Loan Lender, any Issuer or any other recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to any such recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by Net Income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, imposed as a result of such recipient being organized under the Laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof), (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in an Advance or Commitment pursuant to a Law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquired such interest in the Advance or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 3.11 hereof) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.10 hereof, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with Section 3.10(g) hereof, or (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. Existing Lenders shall mean the financial institutions which are parties to the Existing Loan Documents as lenders. Existing Letters of Credit means those letters of credit outstanding as of the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 1.3 hereto, issued by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association for the account of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries. Existing Loan Documents shall mean, collectively, (i) that certain Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2018, executed by Holdings and the other Borrowers (as 
 26 

 defined therein) from time to time party thereto, MidCap Financial Trust, as Agent for the Lenders (as each term is defined therein), and the additional Lenders from time to time party thereto, (ii) that certain Senior Secured Credit Agreement, dated as of September 18, 2018, executed by Holdings, the Lenders (as defined therein) party thereto, and Centre Lane Partners Master Credit Fund II, L.P., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent (as each term is defined therein), and (iii) all of the other agreements, documents and instruments executed and delivered in connection foregoing or related thereto. FATCA shall mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, as of the Closing Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code. Fee Letter shall mean the fee letter, dated as of the Closing Date (as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), executed by the Loan Parties in favor of Agent. Financial Covenant Testing Period shall mean the period commencing upon the occurrence of a Financial Covenant Testing Triggering Event and ending on the occurrence of a Financial Covenant Testing Satisfaction Event. Financial Covenant Testing Satisfaction Event shall mean the earliest date on which Undrawn Availability is equal to or greater than twenty percent (20 of the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount for thirty (30) consecutive days. Financial Covenant Testing Triggering Event shall mean that Undrawn Availability is less than fifteen percent (15 of the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount on any Business Day. First Amendment shall mean that certain First Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2022. First Amendment Effective Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the First Amendment. Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall mean, with respect to any Person for any period of determination, the ratio of (a) the result of (i) Adjusted EBITDA for such Person for such period, minus (ii) Unfunded Capital Expenditures made by such Person during such period, minus (iii) distributions (including Tax Distributions) and dividends made by such Person during such period, minus (iv) cash taxes paid by such Person during such period, to (b) the sum of all Debt Payments made by such Person during such period. Flood Laws shall mean all Applicable Laws relating to policies and procedures that address requirements placed on federally regulated lenders under the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 and other Applicable Laws related thereto. 
 27 

 Foreign Currency Hedge shall mean any foreign exchange transaction, including spot and forward foreign currency purchases and sales, listed or over-the-counter options on foreign currencies, non-deliverable forwards and options, foreign currency swap agreements, currency exchange rate price hedging arrangements, and any other similar transaction providing for the purchase of one currency in exchange for the sale of another currency entered into by any Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries. Foreign Currency Hedge Obligations shall mean the Indebtedness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries owing to the provider of a Foreign Currency Hedge. For purposes of this Agreement and all of the Other Documents, all Foreign Currency Hedge Obligations of any Loan Party or Subsidiary that is party to any Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedge shall, for purposes of this Agreement and all of the Other Documents, be Obligations of such Person and of each other Loan Party, be guaranteed obligations under any Guaranty and secured obligations under any Guarantor Security Agreement, as applicable, and otherwise treated as Obligations for purposes of the Other Documents, except to the extent constituting Excluded Hedge Liabilities of such Person. The Liens securing the Foreign Currency Hedge Obligations shall be pari passu with the Liens securing all other Obligations under this Agreement and the Other Documents, subject to the express provisions of Section 11.6 hereof. Foreign Lender shall mean any Lender that is organized under the Laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Loan Parties are resident for income Tax purposes or in Canada. For purposes of this definition, the United States, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction and for the purposes of Canada, Canada and each Province and Territory thereof shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. Foreign Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary of any Person that is not organized or incorporated in the United States, any State or territory thereof or the District of Columbia. Formula Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) hereof. Fourth Amendment Effective Date shall mean February 24, 2023. Funded Debt shall mean, with respect to any Person, without duplication, all Indebtedness for borrowed money evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures, or similar evidences of Indebtedness, all Capitalized Lease Obligations, all current maturities of long-term debt, revolving credit and short term debt extendible beyond one year at the option of the debtor, and, in the case of the Loan Parties, the Obligations and, without duplication, Indebtedness consisting of guaranties of Funded Debt of other Persons; provided however that for purposes of determining the amount of Funded Debt with respect to the Obligations, the amount of Funded Debt shall be equal to the sum of (i) the outstanding EICF/CION Term Loan as of the date of determination, plus (ii) the quotient of (A) the sum of the outstanding Revolving Advances, Swing Loans and the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit for each day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter, divided by (B) the number of such days in such fiscal quarter. 
 28 

 GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States in effect from time to time or in relation to the Canadian Loan Parties, in Canada, in effect from time to time. Global shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors and assigns. Governmental Body shall mean any nation or government, any state, province or territory or other political subdivision thereof or any entity, authority, agency, division or department exercising the executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to a government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank) and any group or body charged with setting financial accounting or regulatory capital rules or standards (including, without limitation, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or any successor or similar authority to any of the foregoing). GPEG shall mean GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Guarantor or Guarantors shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include any other Person who may hereafter guarantee payment or performance of the whole or any part of the Obligations and each of their respective successors and permitted assigns. Guarantor Security Agreement shall mean any security agreement executed by any Guarantor in favor of Agent securing the Obligations or the Guaranty of such Guarantor, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, as such security agreements may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Guaranty shall mean any guaranty of the Obligations executed by a Guarantor in favor of Agent for its benefit and for the ratable benefit of Lenders, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, including (i) Article XVII hereof and (ii) the Guarantee Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, executed by Canadian Loan Parties in favor of Agent. Hazardous Discharge shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.3(b) hereof. Hazardous Materials shall mean, without limitation, any flammable explosives, radon, radioactive materials, asbestos, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, polychlorinated biphenyls, petroleum and petroleum products, methane, hazardous materials, Hazardous Wastes, hazardous or Toxic Substances or related materials as defined in or subject to regulation under Environmental Laws. Hazardous Wastes shall mean all waste materials subject to regulation under CERCLA, RCRA or applicable state Law, and any other applicable Federal and state Laws or Canadian, provincial or territorial laws now in force or hereafter enacted relating to hazardous waste disposal. 
 29 

 Hedge Obligations shall mean collectively, the Foreign Currency Hedge Obligations and the Interest Rate Hedge Obligations. Holdings shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors and assigns. Inactive Subsidiaries shall mean each of GPEG, Power, Steam, Braden, Braden Mexico and Koontz-Wagner. Indebtedness shall mean, as to any Person at any time, any and all indebtedness, obligations or liabilities (whether matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, or joint or several) of such Person for or in respect of: (a) borrowed money; (b) amounts received under or liabilities in respect of any note purchase or acceptance credit facility, and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments; (c) all Capitalized Lease Obligations; (d) reimbursement obligations (contingent or otherwise) under any letter of credit agreement, banker s acceptance agreement or similar arrangement; (e) obligations under any Interest Rate Hedge, Foreign Currency Hedge, or other interest rate management device, foreign currency exchange agreement, currency swap agreement, commodity price protection agreement or other interest or currency exchange rate or commodity price hedging arrangement; (f) any other advances of credit made to or on behalf of such Person or other transaction (including forward sale or purchase agreements, capitalized leases and conditional sales agreements to the extent of the value of such property (other than customary reservations or retentions of title under agreements with suppliers entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business) having the commercial effect of a borrowing of money entered into by such Person to finance its operations or capital requirements including to finance the purchase price of property or services and all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (but not including trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business which are not represented by a promissory note or other evidence of indebtedness and which are not more than sixty (60) days past due); (g) all Equity Interests of such Person subject to repurchase or redemption rights or obligations (excluding repurchases or redemptions at the sole option of such Person); (h) all indebtedness, obligations or liabilities secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such indebtedness, obligations or liabilities are otherwise an obligation of such Person; (i) all obligations of such Person for earnouts , purchase price adjustments, profit sharing arrangements, deferred purchase money amounts and similar payment obligations or continuing obligations of any nature of such Person arising out of purchase and sale contracts; (j) off-balance sheet liabilities and/or pension plan liabilities of such Person; (k) obligations arising under bonus, deferred compensation, incentive compensation or similar arrangements, other than those arising in the Ordinary Course of Business; and (l) any guaranty of any indebtedness, obligations or liabilities of a type described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (k). Indemnified Taxes shall mean (a) Taxes other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under this Agreement or any Other Document, and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in the foregoing clause (a), Other Taxes. 
 30 

 Ineligible Security shall mean any security which may not be underwritten or dealt in by member banks of the Federal Reserve System under Section 16 of the Banking Act of 1933 (12 U.S.C. Section 24, Seventh), as amended. Insolvency Event shall mean, with respect to any Person, including without limitation any Lender, such Person or such Person s direct or indirect parent company (a) becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding (including any proceeding under any Insolvency Laws), or regulatory restrictions, (b) has had a receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, monitor, liquidator, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation or wind up of its business appointed for it or has called a meeting of its creditors, (c) admits in writing its inability, or is generally unable, to pay its debts as they become due or ceases operations of its present business, (d) with respect to a Lender, such Lender is unable to perform hereunder due to the application of Applicable Law, or (e) in the good faith determination of Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment of a type described in clauses (a) or (b), provided that an Insolvency Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person or such Person s direct or indirect parent company by a Governmental Body or instrumentality thereof if, and only if, such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Body or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. Insolvency Laws shall mean any of Title 11 of the United States Code, the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), the Companies Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada), the Winding-Up and Restructuring Act (Canada), any applicable governing corporate statute dealing with the compromise of creditor s claims or arrangements, each as now and hereafter in effect, any successors to such statutes and any other applicable insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, receivership, wind up, reorganization, arrangement or relief of debtor or other similar Law of any jurisdiction, including the Business Corporation Act (British Columbia) where such statute is used by a Person to propose an arrangement and any Applicable Law of any jurisdiction permitting a debtor to obtain a stay or a compromise of the claims of its creditors against it. Intellectual Property shall mean property constituting a patent, copyright, trademark (or any application in respect of the foregoing), service mark, trade name, mask work, trade secrets, design right, industrial designs, assumed name or license or other right to use any of the foregoing under Applicable Law. Intellectual Property Claim shall mean the assertion, by any means, by any Person of a claim that any Loan Party s ownership, use, marketing, sale or distribution of any Inventory, Equipment, Intellectual Property or other property or asset is violative of any ownership of or right to use any Intellectual Property of such Person. Intercreditor Agreement shall mean that certain Intercreditor Agreement dated as of the Closing Date among Agent, the Loan Parties and EICF/CION Term Loan Agent, on behalf of 
 31 

 itself and the EICF/CION Term Loan Lenders, as such agreement may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Interest Expense shall mean, for any Person for any period, the aggregate interest expense of such Person for such period, determined in accordance with GAAP. Interest Expense shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred for ordinary course working capital needs under ordinary course revolving credit facilities) incurred, assumed or permanently repaid or extinguished at any time on or after the first day of the measuring period and prior to the date of determination in connection with any Permitted Acquisitions and Dispositions (other than any Dispositions in the Ordinary Course of Business) as if such incurrence, assumption, repayment or extinguishing had been effected on the first day of such period. Interest Period shall mean the period provided for any Term SOFR Rate Loan pursuant to Section 2.2(b) hereof. Interest Rate Hedge shall mean an interest rate exchange, collar, cap, swap, floor, adjustable strike cap, adjustable strike corridor, cross-currency swap or similar agreements entered into by any Loan Party and/or its Subsidiaries in order to provide protection to, or minimize the impact upon, such Loan Party and/or its Subsidiaries of increasing floating rates of interest applicable to Indebtedness. Interest Rate Hedge Obligations shall mean the Indebtedness of a Loan Party and its Subsidiaries owing to the provider of any Interest Rate Hedge. For purposes of this Agreement and all of the Other Documents, all Interest Rate Hedge Obligations of any Loan Party or Subsidiary that is party to any Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedge shall be Obligations hereunder and under the Other Documents, except to the extent constituting Excluded Hedge Liabilities of such Person, and the Liens securing such Interest Rate Hedge Obligations shall be pari passu with the Liens securing all other Obligations under this Agreement and the Other Documents, subject to the express provisions of Section 11.6 hereof. Internal Revenue Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and any successor statute of similar import, and the rules and regulations thereunder, as from time to time in effect. Inventory shall mean and include as to each Loan Party all of such Loan Party s inventory (as defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code) and all of such Loan Party s goods, merchandise and other personal property, wherever located, to be furnished under any consignment arrangement, contract of service or held for sale or lease, all raw materials, work in process, finished goods and materials and supplies of any kind, nature or description which are or might be used or consumed in such Loan Party s business or used in selling or furnishing such goods, merchandise and other personal property, and all Documents. Investment Property shall mean and include, with respect to any Person, all of such Person s now owned or hereafter acquired securities (whether certificated or uncertificated), securities entitlements, securities accounts, commodities contracts and commodities accounts, 
 32 

 and any other asset or right that would constitute investment property under the Uniform Commercial Code. Issuer shall mean (a) Agent in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit under this Agreement and (b) any other Lender which Agent in its discretion shall designate as the issuer of and cause to issue any particular Letter of Credit under this Agreement in place of Agent as issuer. JV Receivable shall mean a Receivable of a Borrower arising from the sale of goods or the rendition of services by such Borrower to a Joint Venture, provided such Joint Venture constitutes a legal entity organized or formed under the laws of the United States or any State thereof, including, by way of illustration, a corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership, but excluding a sole proprietorship or unincorporated association. Joint Venture shall mean any joint venture or partnership between any Loan Party, on the one hand, and any other Person, on the other hand. Koontz-Wagner shall mean Koontz-Wagner Custom Controls Holdings LLC, an Indiana limited liability company, which Person (i) is a subsidiary of Holdings, (ii) filed a voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 7 of Title 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas on July 11, 2018, and (iii) has been administratively dissolved, effective as of February 5, 2019. Law(s) shall mean any law(s) (including common law and equitable principles), constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule, ordinance, opinion, issued guidance, code, release, ruling, order, executive order, injunction, writ, decree, bond, judgment, authorization or approval, lien or award of or any settlement arrangement, by agreement, consent or otherwise, with any Governmental Body, foreign or domestic. Leasehold Interests shall mean all of each Loan Party s right, title and interest in and to, and as lessee of, the premises identified as leased Real Property on Schedule 4.4(b)(iv) hereto. Lender and Lenders shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include each Person which becomes a transferee, successor or assign of any Lender. For the purposes of any provision of this Agreement or any Other Document which provides for the granting of a security interest or other Lien to Agent for the benefit of Lenders as security for the Obligations, Lenders shall include any Affiliate of a Lender to which such Obligation (specifically including any Hedge Obligations and any Cash Management Obligations) is owed. Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedge shall mean a Foreign Currency Hedge which is provided by any Lender and for which such Lender confirms to Agent in writing prior to the execution thereof that it: (a) is documented in a standard International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. Master Agreement or another reasonable and customary manner; (b) provides for the method of calculating the reimbursable amount of such Lender s credit exposure in a reasonable and customary manner; and (c) is entered into for hedging (rather than speculative) purposes. 
 33 

 Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedge shall mean an Interest Rate Hedge which is provided by any Lender and with respect to which such Lender confirms to Agent in writing prior to the execution thereof that it: (a) is documented in a standard International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. Master Agreement or another reasonable and customary manner; (b) provides for the method of calculating the reimbursable amount of such Lender s credit exposure in a reasonable and customary manner; and (c) is entered into for hedging (rather than speculative) purposes. Letter of Credit Application shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(a) hereof. Letter of Credit Borrowing shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(d) hereof. Letter of Credit Approved Currencies shall mean, collectively, U.S. Dollars and Canadian Dollars. Letter of Credit Fees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2 hereof. Letter of Credit Sublimit shall mean the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of 2,000,000. Letters of Credit shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.11 hereof. Leverage Ratio shall mean, for any Person for any period of determination, the ratio of (a) Funded Debt of such Person on the last day of such period to (b) EBITDA of such Person for such period. License Agreement shall mean any agreement between any Loan Party and a Licensor pursuant to which such Loan Party is authorized to use any Intellectual Property in connection with the manufacturing, marketing, sale or other distribution of any Inventory of such Loan Party or otherwise in connection with such Loan Party s business operations. Licensor shall mean any Person from whom any Loan Party obtains the right to use (whether on an exclusive or non-exclusive basis) any Intellectual Property in connection with such Loan Party s manufacture, marketing, sale or other distribution of any Inventory or otherwise in connection with such Loan Party s business operations. Licensor/Agent Agreement shall mean an agreement between Agent and a Licensor, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, by which Agent is given the unqualified right, vis- -vis such Licensor, to enforce Agent s Liens with respect to and to dispose of any Loan Party s Inventory with the benefit of any Intellectual Property applicable thereto, irrespective of such Loan Party s default under any License Agreement with such Licensor. Lien shall mean any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, security interest, lien or adverse right or claim or deemed trust (whether statutory or otherwise), Charge, claim or encumbrance, or preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement held or asserted in respect of any asset of any kind or nature whatsoever including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any lease having substantially the same 
 34 

 economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the filing of, or agreement to give, any financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code or comparable law of any jurisdiction. Lien Waiver Agreement shall mean an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent which is executed in favor of Agent by a Person who owns or occupies premises at which any Collateral may be located from time to time. Liquidity Amount shall mean, as of any date of determination, the sum of (a) Undrawn Availability as of such date, plus (b) Loan Parties Cash Equivalents and unrestricted cash on deposit in one or more Depository Accounts maintained by Loan Parties at PNC or at one or more Blocked Account Banks that are acceptable to Agent in its Permitted Discretion, in respect of which such banks shall have executed a deposit account control agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Agent. LLC Division shall mean, in the event a Loan Party is a limited liability company, (a) the division of such Loan Party into two or more newly formed limited liability companies (whether or not such Loan Party is a surviving entity following any such division) pursuant to Section 18-217 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or any similar provision under any similar act governing limited liability companies organized under the laws of any other State or Commonwealth or of the District of Columbia, or (b) the adoption of a plan contemplating, or the filing of any certificate with any applicable Governmental Body that results or may result in, any such division. Loan Party or Loan Parties shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include their respective successors and permitted assigns. Material Adverse Effect shall mean a material adverse effect on (a) the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, assets, business, properties of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, (b) the ability the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to pay or perform the Obligations in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or any Other Documents, as the case may be, (c) the value of the Collateral, or Agent s Liens on the Collateral or the priority of any such Lien or (d) the practical realization of the benefits of Agent s and each Lender s rights and remedies under this Agreement and the Other Documents. Material Contract shall mean any contract, agreement, instrument, permit, lease or license, written or oral, of any Loan Party, which the termination (prior to the scheduled maturity or termination thereof, and other than as a result of the satisfaction of all contractual obligations thereunder), failure to comply with would, or could reasonably be expected to, result in a Material Adverse Effect. Material Owned Property means (a) the Real Property owned by any Loan Party and listed as Material Owned Real Property on Schedule 4.4(b)(iv) hereto and (b) any other Real Property owned by any Loan Party or acquired by a Loan Party with a fair market value in excess of 1,000,000. Maximum Revolving Advance Amount shall mean an amount equal to the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of 30,000,000. 
 35 

 Maximum Swing Loan Advance Amount shall mean an amount equal to the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of 3,000,000. Maximum Undrawn Amount shall mean, with respect to any outstanding Letter of Credit as of any date, the amount equal to the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of such Letter of Credit that is or may become available to be drawn, including all automatic increases provided for in such Letter of Credit, whether or not any such automatic increase has become effective. Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.3(d) hereof. Multiemployer Plan shall mean a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which contributions are required or, within the preceding five plan years, were required by any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group. Multiple Employer Plan shall mean a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA. Net Cash Proceeds shall mean: (a) with respect to any Disposition of Collateral (other than Equity Interests), by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, the aggregate cash proceeds (including cash proceeds received pursuant to policies of insurance and by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note, installment receivable or otherwise, but only as and when received) received by such Loan Party or Subsidiary pursuant to such Disposition net of (i) the reasonable direct costs related to such Disposition (including sales commissions and legal, accounting and investment banking fees, commissions and expenses), (ii) any portion of such proceeds deposited in an escrow account pursuant to the documents relating to such Disposition (provided that such amounts shall be treated as Net Cash Proceeds upon their release from such escrow account to any Loan Party), (iii) Taxes paid or reasonably estimated by any Loan Party to be payable as a result thereof (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements), and (iv) amounts required to be applied to the repayment of any Indebtedness secured by a Permitted Encumbrance prior to the Lien of Agent on the asset subject to such Disposition, all of the costs and expenses reasonably incurred in connection with the collection of such proceeds, award or other payments, and any amounts retained by or paid to parties having superior rights to such proceeds, awards or other payments; and (b) with respect to the Disposition of Equity Interests or the incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, the excess of (i) the sum of the cash and Cash Equivalents received by such Loan Party or Subsidiary in connection with such transaction over (ii) the underwriting discounts and commissions, and other reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses, incurred by such Loan Party or Subsidiary in connection therewith. Net Income shall be defined in accordance with GAAP and as applied in preparation of the audited financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, provided that, the net income (or loss) of a Permitted Joint Venture shall be 
 36 

 included in the Net Income of such Person, and, in the case of the net income of such Permitted Joint Venture, solely to the extent such net income is distributed to such Person. Non-Defaulting Lender shall mean, at any time, any Revolving Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. Non-Qualifying Party shall mean any Loan Party that on the Eligibility Date fails for any reason to qualify as an Eligible Contract Participant. Notes shall mean, collectively, the Revolving Credit Note and the Swing Loan Note. Obligations shall mean and include any and all loans (including without limitation, all Advances), advances, debts, liabilities, obligations (including without limitation all reimbursement obligations and cash collateralization obligations with respect to Letters of Credit issued hereunder), covenants and duties owing by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party to Issuers, Swing Loan Lender, Lenders or Agent (or to any other direct or indirect subsidiary or affiliate of any Issuer, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Agent) of any kind or nature, present or future (including all principal, all accrued and unpaid interest or other amounts accruing thereon, any fees accruing under or in connection therewith, any costs and expenses of any Person payable by any Loan Party and any indemnification obligations payable by any Loan Party arising or payable after maturity, or after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding relating to any Loan Party under any Insolvency Laws, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest, fees or other amounts is allowable or allowed in such proceeding), whether or not evidenced by any note, guaranty or other instrument, whether arising under any agreement, instrument or document (including this Agreement, the Other Documents, Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedges, Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedges and any Cash Management Products and Services) whether or not for the payment of money, whether arising by reason of an extension of credit, opening or issuance of a letter of credit, loan, equipment lease, establishment of any commercial card or similar facility or guarantee, under any interest or currency swap, future, option or other similar agreement, or in any other manner, whether arising out of overdrafts or deposit or other accounts or electronic funds transfers (whether through automated clearing houses or otherwise) or out of Agent s or any Lender s non-receipt of or inability to collect funds or otherwise not being made whole in connection with depository transfer check or other similar arrangements, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assignment or participation), absolute or contingent, joint or several, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, contractual or tortious, liquidated or unliquidated, regardless of how such indebtedness or liabilities arise or by what agreement or instrument they may be evidenced or whether evidenced by any agreement or instrument, including, but not limited to, (i) any and all of any Loan Party s Indebtedness and/or liabilities (and any and all indebtedness, obligations and/or liabilities of any Subsidiary of any Loan Party) under this Agreement, the Other Documents or under any other agreement between Issuers, Agent or Lenders and any Loan Party and any amendments, extensions, renewals or increases and all costs and expenses of any Issuer, Agent and any Lender incurred in the documentation, negotiation, modification, enforcement, collection or otherwise in connection with any of the foregoing, including but not limited to attorneys fees and expenses and all obligations of any Loan Party to Issuers, Agent or Lenders to perform acts or refrain from taking any action, (ii) all Hedge Obligations and (iii) all Cash Management Obligations. 
 37 

 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the foregoing, the Obligations shall not include any Excluded Hedge Liabilities. Ordinary Course of Business shall mean, with respect to any Loan Party, the ordinary course of such Loan Party s business as conducted on the Closing Date. Organizational Documents shall mean, with respect to any Person, any charter, articles or certificate of incorporation, certificate of organization, registration or formation, certificate of partnership or limited partnership, bylaws, operating agreement, limited liability company agreement, or partnership agreement of such Person and any and all other applicable documents relating to such Person s formation, organization or entity governance matters (including any shareholders or equity holders agreement or voting trust agreement) and specifically includes, without limitation, any certificates of designation for preferred stock or other forms of preferred equity. Other Documents shall mean the Notes, the Perfection Certificate, the Certificate of Beneficial Ownership, the Fee Letter, any Guaranty, any Guarantor Security Agreement, any Pledge Agreement, the Canadian Security Agreements, any Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedge, any Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedge, any Cash Management Products and Services, and any and all other agreements, instruments and documents, including the Intercreditor Agreement, other intercreditor agreements, guaranties, pledges, powers of attorney, consents, interest or currency swap agreements or other similar agreements and all other agreements, documents or instruments heretofore, now or hereafter executed by any Loan Party and/or delivered to Agent or any Lender in respect of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, in each case together with all amendments, modifications, supplements, renewals, extensions, restatements, substitutions and replacements thereto and thereof. Other Taxes shall mean all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing, other excise or property Taxes or similar Taxes, charges or similar levies that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any Other Document. Out-of-Formula Loans shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.2(d) hereof. Overnight Bank Funding Rate shall mean, for any, day the rate per annum (based on a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed) comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurocurrency borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as set forth on its public website from time to time, and as published on the next succeeding Business Day as the overnight bank funding rate by such Federal Reserve Bank (or by such other recognized electronic source (such as Bloomberg) selected by Agent for the purpose of displaying such rate) (an Alternate Source provided, that if such day is not a Business Day, the Overnight Bank Funding Rate for such day shall be such rate on the immediately preceding Business Day; provided, further, that if such rate shall at any time, for any reason, no longer exist, a comparable replacement rate determined by Agent at such time (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error). If the Overnight Bank Funding Rate determined as 
 38 

 set forth above would be less than zero, then such rate shall be deemed to be zero. The rate of interest charged shall be adjusted as of each Business Day based on changes in the Overnight Bank Funding Rate without notice to the Borrowers. Parent of any Person shall mean a corporation or other entity owning, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50 or more of the Equity Interests issued by such Person having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the directors of such Person, or other Persons performing similar functions for any such Person. Participant shall mean each Person who shall be granted the right by any Lender to participate in any of the Advances and who shall have entered into a participation agreement in form and substance satisfactory to such Lender. Participation Advance shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(d) hereof. Participation Commitment shall mean the obligation hereunder of each Revolving Lender to buy a participation equal to its Revolving Commitment Percentage (subject to any reallocation pursuant to Section 2.22(b)(iii) hereof) in the Swing Loans made by Swing Loan Lender hereunder as provided for in Section 2.4(c) hereof and in the Letters of Credit issued hereunder as provided for in Section 2.14(a) hereof. Payment in Full or Paid in Full shall mean, with respect to the Obligations, the indefeasible payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all of the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which a claim has not been made) in cash or in other immediately available funds; provided that (a) in the case of any Obligations with respect to outstanding Letters of Credit, in lieu of the payment in full in cash, the delivery of cash collateral or a backstop letter of credit in form and substance satisfactory to the applicable Issuer in an amount equal to 105 of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit shall constitute payment in full of such Obligations and (b) in the case of any Obligations with respect to Cash Management Products and Services and any Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedges or Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedges, in lieu of the payment in full in cash, the delivery of cash collateral in such amounts as shall be required by the applicable Lender or other arrangements in form and substance satisfactory to such Lender in respect thereof shall constitute payment in full of such Obligations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that, after receipt of any payment of, or proceeds of Collateral applied to the payment of, any of the Obligations, Agent or any Lender is required to surrender or return such payment or proceeds to any Person for any reason, then the Obligations intended to be satisfied by such payment or proceeds shall be reinstated and continue as if such payment or proceeds had not been received by Agent or such Lender. Payment Office shall mean initially Two Tower Center Boulevard, East Brunswick, New Jersey 08816; thereafter, such other office of Agent, if any, which it may designate by notice to Borrowing Agent and to each Lender to be the Payment Office. PBGC shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA or any successor. 
 39 

 Pension Benefit Plan shall mean at any time any employee pension benefit plan as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA (including a Multiple Employer Plan, but not a Multiemployer Plan) which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412, 430 or 436 of the Internal Revenue Code and either (i) is maintained or to which contributions are required by any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group or (ii) has at any time within the preceding five years been maintained or to which contributions have been required by a Loan Party or any entity which was at such time a member of the Controlled Group. Perfection Certificate shall mean the information questionnaire and the responses thereto provided by each Loan Party and delivered to Agent. Permitted Assignees shall mean: (a) Agent, any Lender or any of their direct or indirect Affiliates; (b) a federal or state chartered bank (including its Canadian Affiliates or branches), a United States branch of a foreign bank, an insurance company, or any finance company generally engaged in the business of making commercial loans; (c) any fund that is administered or managed by Agent or any Lender, an Affiliate of Agent or any Lender or a related entity; and (d) any Person to whom Agent or any Lender assigns its rights and obligations under this Agreement as part of an assignment and transfer of such Agent s or Lender s rights in and to a material portion of Agent s or such Lender s portfolio of asset-based credit facilities; provided, that in no event shall (x) a natural person or (y) Holdings or any of its Affiliates be a Permitted Assignee provided, further, that so long as no Event of Default pursuant to Section 10.1 or 10.7 hereof has occurred and is continuing, no Competitor shall be an Permitted Assignee . Permitted Acquisitions shall mean any transaction for the (a) acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets or property of any Person, or of any business or division of any Person; or (b) acquisition (including by merger or consolidation) of the Equity Interests of any Person (a Target ): (a) no Default or Event of Default then exists or would result therefrom; (b) the total costs and liabilities including, without limitation, all assumed liabilities, all earn-out payments, deferred or future payments and the value of any other stock or assets transferred, assigned or encumbered with respect to such acquisitions (the Acquisition Consideration of all such acquisitions do not exceed 5,000,000 in the aggregate during the Term; provided that (i) any Equity Interests constituting all or a portion of such Acquisition Consideration shall not have a cash dividend requirement on or prior to the end of the Term, (ii) any earn-out payments or deferred or future payments shall be subject to a Subordination Agreement in favor of Agent subordinating payment of such earn-out payments or deferred or future payments to Agent and such payment obligations shall be unsecured; and provided , further , that any future payment part of any Acquisition Consideration that is subject to a contingency shall be considered Acquisition Consideration only to the extent of the reserve, if any, required under GAAP at the time of such sale to be established in respect thereof by any Loan Party; (c) the Loan Parties shall have delivered to Agent a pro forma balance sheet, pro forma financial statements and a Compliance Certificate demonstrating that, both prior to 
 40 

 and upon giving effect to such acquisition, (i) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of Holdings on a Consolidated Basis, would be not less than 1.10 to 1.00 and (ii) Holdings and its Subsidiaries have a Leverage Ratio of not greater than 3.25 to 1.00, in each case of (i) and (ii) on a Pro Forma Basis measured as of the most recent fiscal quarter end on a trailing four (4) fiscal quarter basis for which the Agent shall have received the financial statements required to be delivered to it pursuant to Section 9.8 hereof and (iii) Borrowers have Undrawn Availability of not less than 7,500,000; (d) unless the Agent shall otherwise agree, Borrowers shall have provided the Agent with (i) historical financial statements for the last three Fiscal Years (or, if less, the number of years since formation) of the Target or business to be acquired (audited if available without undue cost or delay) and unaudited financial statements thereof for the most recent interim period which are available, (ii) reasonably detailed projections for the succeeding three years pertaining to the Target or business to be acquired and updated projections for the Loan Parties after giving effect to such transaction, (iii) a reasonably detailed description of all material information relating thereto and copies of all material documentation pertaining to such transaction, and (iv) all such other information and data relating to such transaction or the Target or business to be acquired as may be reasonably requested by the Agent; (e) no Loan Party shall, in connection with any such transaction, assume or remain liable with respect to any Indebtedness or other liability (including any material tax or ERISA liability) of the related seller or the business, Person or properties acquired, except obligations not constituting Indebtedness incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business and necessary or desirable to the continued operation of the underlying properties, and any other such liabilities or obligations not permitted to be assumed or otherwise supported by any Loan Party hereunder shall be paid in full or released as to the business, persons or properties being so acquired on or before the consummation of such acquisition; (f) with respect to the acquisition of Equity Interests, the Target shall (i) have a positive EBITDA, calculated in accordance with GAAP immediately prior to such acquisition, (ii) be added as a Borrower or a Guarantor (as Agent shall determine in its Permitted Discretion) and be jointly and severally liable for all Obligations, and (iii) grant to Agent a first priority Lien in all of its assets; (g) if such acquisition includes general partnership interests or any other Equity Interest that does not have a corporate (or similar) limitation on liability of the owners thereof, then such acquisition shall be effected by having such Equity Interests acquired by a corporate holding company directly or indirectly wholly-owned by a Loan Party and newly formed for the sole purpose of effecting such acquisition; (h) the Target or business to be acquired shall be, or shall be engaged in, a business of the type that the Loan Parties are permitted to be engaged in under Section 5.18; (i) Agent shall have received a first priority Lien in all acquired assets or Equity Interests which do not constitute Excluded Property, subject to documentation 
 41 

 satisfactory to Agent, and the property acquired in connection with any such transaction shall be free and clear of any Liens, other than Permitted Encumbrances; (j) the board of directors (or other comparable governing body) of the Target shall have duly approved the acquisition; (k) all transactions in connection therewith shall be consummated in accordance with all Applicable Law; (l) at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed date of consummation of the transaction, Borrower shall have delivered to the Agent certificate from the President, Chief Financial Officer of Controller of the Loan Parties certifying that (i) such transaction complies with this definition (which shall have attached thereto reasonably detailed backup data and calculations showing such compliance), and (ii) such transaction could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and (m) no assets acquired in any such acquisition shall be included in the Formula Amount until Agent has received a field examination and/or appraisal of such assets, in form and substance acceptable to Agent. Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary shall mean a Captive Insurance Subsidiary that Agent has approved as a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary pursuant to Section 7.12(b). Permitted Discretion shall mean a determination made in good faith and in the exercise (from the perspective of a secured asset-based lender) of commercially reasonable business judgment. Permitted Encumbrances shall mean: (a) Liens in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, including without limitation, Liens securing Hedge Obligations and Cash Management Products and Services; (b) Liens for taxes, assessments, Priority Payables or other governmental charges not delinquent for a period of more than thirty (30) days (provided any such Liens in respect of Priority Payables have not been registered and/or are not being enforced) or being Properly Contested and a Reserve has been established against the Formula Amount; (c) deposits or pledges to secure obligations under worker s compensation, social security or similar laws, or under unemployment insurance (but not any Liens being registered or enforced in respect of any Priority Payables); (d) deposits or pledges to secure bids, tenders, contracts (other than contracts for the payment of money), leases, statutory obligations, surety, stay, indemnity, customs and appeal bonds and other obligations of like nature (including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations) arising in the Ordinary Course of Business; (e) Liens arising by virtue of the rendition, entry or issuance against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or any property of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, of any judgment, writ, order or decree to the extent the rendition, entry, issuance or continued existence of such judgment, writ, order or decree (or any event or circumstance relating thereto) has not resulted in the occurrence of an Event of Default under Section 10.6 hereof; (f) carriers , warehousemen s, suppliers , mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s or other similar liens arising in the Ordinary Course of Business and securing indebtedness not yet due and payable or overdue for more than thirty (30) days or being Properly Contested and adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on 
 42 

 the books of the applicable Person to the extent required in accordance with GAAP; (g) Liens securing Indebtedness under clause (b) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness provided that (i) any such Lien shall not encumber any other property of any Loan Party other than the property financed by such Debt, replacements thereof and additions and accessions to such property and the proceeds thereof and customary security deposits and (ii) the aggregate amount of Indebtedness secured by such Liens incurred as a result of such purchases during any fiscal year shall not exceed the amount permitted by such clause (b) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness (h) other Liens incidental to the conduct of any Loan Party s business or the ownership of its property and assets which were not incurred in connection with the borrowing of money or the obtaining of advances or credit, and which do not in the aggregate materially detract from Agent s or Lenders rights in and to the Collateral or the value of any Loan Party s property or assets or which do not materially impair the use thereof in the operation of any Loan Party s business; (i) easements, rights-of-way, zoning restrictions, minor defects or irregularities in title and other charges or encumbrances, in each case, which do not interfere in any material respect with the Ordinary Course of Business of the Loan Parties; (j) Liens granted to EICF/CION Term Loan Agent to secure the Obligations arising under, and as such term is defined in, the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement; provided that such Liens are subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement; (k) Liens listed on Schedule 1.2 hereto, including the modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof; provided that (i) such Liens shall secure only those obligations which they secure on the Closing Date and shall not subsequently apply to any other property or assets of any Loan Party other than the property and assets to which they apply as of the Closing Date and (ii) such renewal, extension or refinancing of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens is permitted by Section 7.8 hereof; (l) Liens that are contractual rights of set-off (i) solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by any Loan Party, in each case, which set-off rights are granted in the Ordinary Course of Business in favor of the depository bank or financial institution with which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts owing to such bank or institution with respect to cash management and operating account arrangements, including those involving pooled accounts and netting arrangements, (ii) solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by any Loan Party, in each case, which set-off rights relate to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of any Loan Party to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business or (iii) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of any Loan Party in the Ordinary Course of Business; (m) the filing of Uniform Commercial Code and PPSA financing statements solely as a precautionary measure in connection with operating leases entered into by Holdings and its Subsidiaries in the Ordinary Course of Business; (n) Liens in connection with the cash collateralization of the Existing Letters of Credit (and any replacements thereof), so long as the amount secured thereunder does not exceed 105 of the aggregate face amount of such Existing Letters of Credit; (or such replacement letters of credit); (o) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of applicable Law and in the Ordinary Course of Business to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; (p) non-exclusive licenses of patents, trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the Ordinary Course of Business and not interfering in any material respect with the business of any Loan Party; and (q) Liens on the Collateral as such term is defined in the Capital Provision Agreement in effect on the Closing Date securing the Indebtedness permitted under clause (n) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness . Furthermore, it is 
 43 

 hereby understood and agreed by the parties hereto that the definition and use of the term Permitted Encumbrances herein shall mean that such encumbrances are permitted to exist but shall in no way be interpreted to mean that such encumbrances are entitled to any priority over Agent s security interests and Liens and the Loan Parties hereby specifically and expressly acknowledge and agree that any such encumbrances not properly perfected under Applicable Law shall not be entitled to priority over Agent s security interests and Liens and that this Agreement is not intended and shall not confer any rights upon any Person whatsoever who is not a party to this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, a Permitted Encumbrance shall not include a Lien or statutory deemed trust in respect of or arising in connection with a Canadian Pension Plan or Canadian Union Plan. Permitted Indebtedness shall mean: (a) the Obligations; (b) Indebtedness (i) incurred for Capital Expenditures permitted in Section 7.6 hereof and (ii) with respect to (x) Capitalized Lease Obligations existing on the Closing Date as specified on Schedule 1.3 hereto and (y) additional Capitalized Lease Obligations incurred after the Closing Date and purchase money Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not to exceed 250,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding; provided that any such Indebtedness (A) in the case of additional Capitalized Lease Obligations or purchase money Indebtedness, shall be secured by the asset subject to such additional Capitalized Lease Obligations or acquired asset in connection with the incurrence of such Indebtedness, as the case may be, and (B) in the case of purchase money Indebtedness, shall constitute not less than 75 of the aggregate consideration paid with respect to such asset; (c) any guarantees of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.3 hereof; (d) any Indebtedness on the Closing Date listed on Schedule 5.8(b) hereto, including (i) renewals and extensions (but not increases) expressly provided for in the agreements evidencing any such Indebtedness as the same are in effect on the date of this Agreement, and (ii) refinancings and extensions (but not increases) of any such Indebtedness if the terms and conditions thereof are not less favorable to the obligor thereon or to the Lenders than the Indebtedness being refinanced or extended, and the average life to maturity thereof is greater than or equal to that of the Indebtedness being refinanced or extended; (e) Interest Rate Hedges and Foreign Currency Hedges that are entered into by a Loan Party to hedge its risks with respect to outstanding Indebtedness of such Loan Party and not for speculative or investment purposes so long as such Interest Rate Hedges and Foreign Currency Hedges that are not Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedges or Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedges are unsecured; (f) Indebtedness outstanding under the EICF/CION Loan Documents in an aggregate amount not exceeding the Maximum Priority Term Loan Debt (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement), provided that such Indebtedness is subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement; (g) intercompany Indebtedness owing from one or more Loan Parties (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) to any other one or more Loan Parties (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) in accordance with clause (c) of the definition of Permitted Loans (h) Indebtedness incurred by any Loan Party in respect of performance bonds, surety bonds, completion guarantees, appeal bonds, bid bonds, in each case incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business, and reimbursement obligations in respect of any of the foregoing, warehouse receipts or similar instruments issued or created in the Ordinary Course of Business, including in respect of workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement-type obligations regarding workers compensation claims; (i) unsecured Indebtedness incurred by any Loan Party in respect of accounts payable to trade creditors for goods and services and current operating liabilities (not the result of the borrowing of money) 
 44 

 incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business in accordance with customary terms and paid within the specified time, unless contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and reserved for substantially in accordance with GAAP; (j) unsecured Indebtedness (other than for borrowed money) that may be deemed to exist pursuant to any bona fide warranty or contractual service obligations or performance in the Ordinary Course of Business of any Loan Party; (k) the Existing Letters of Credit (and any replacements thereof); (l) the Permitted Koontz-Wagner Pension Plan Obligations; (m) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Capital Provision Agreement in effect on the Closing Date; and (n) Indebtedness of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof not otherwise permitted pursuant to clauses (a) through (m) above, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 500,000 at any time outstanding. Permitted Investments shall mean investments in: (a) obligations issued or guaranteed by the United States or the federal government of Canada or any agency thereof; (b) commercial paper with maturities of not more than 180 days and a published rating of not less than A-1 or P-1 (or the equivalent rating); (c) certificates of time deposit and bankers acceptances having maturities of not more than 180 days and repurchase agreements backed by United States or Canadian federal government securities of a commercial bank if (i) such bank has a combined capital and surplus of at least 500,000,000, or (ii) its debt obligations, or those of a holding company of which it is a Subsidiary, are rated not less than A (or the equivalent rating) by a nationally recognized investment rating agency; (d) U.S. money market funds that invest solely in obligations issued or guaranteed by the United States or an agency thereof; (e) Permitted Loans; (f) investments by any Loan Party in cash and Cash Equivalents, (g) (i) equity investments owned as of the Closing Date in any Subsidiary and disclosed on Schedule 5.2(b) and (ii) other investments made after the Closing Date in any Subsidiary that is a Loan Party (other than an Inactive Subsidiary); (h) to the extent constituting investments, those expressly permitted under Sections 7.1, 7.2, 7.7 and 7.8 hereof, respectively, and Capital Expenditures; provided, however, that no investments may be made solely pursuant to this clause (h); (i) promissory notes and other non-cash consideration received in connection with Dispositions permitted by Section 7.1 hereof; (j) investments in the form of advances to subcontractors in the Ordinary Course of Business; (k) investments received in the form of settlement of amounts due in the Ordinary Course of Business or owing to any Loan Party as a result of insolvency proceedings involving an account debtor or upon the foreclosure or enforcement of any Lien in favor of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries; (l) Equity Interests or other securities acquired in connection with the satisfaction or enforcement of Indebtedness or claims due or owing to a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries (in bankruptcy of customers or suppliers or otherwise outside the Ordinary Course of Business) or as security for any such Indebtedness or claims; (m) to the extent no Default or Event of Default has occurred or would result therefrom, initial capital contribution(s) to any Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary, in an aggregate amount for all such Permitted Captive Insurance Companies not to exceed 250,000; and (n) investments not otherwise permitted pursuant to clauses (a) through (m) above, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 500,000 at any time outstanding; provided that, immediately before and immediately after giving pro forma effect to any such investments permitted pursuant to this clause (n), no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred. Permitted Joint Venture means any Joint Venture, so long as (a) immediately prior to and after giving pro forma effect to the formation and capitalization of such Joint Venture, no Default or Event of Default exists; (b) the assets, businesses or activities of the Joint Venture are 
 45 

 consistent with the then-current business plan of the Loan Parties; (c) no Indebtedness or Liens are assumed or incurred by any Loan Party as a result of the formation and capitalization of, or as a result of any subsequent Investment in, the Joint Venture, except as otherwise permitted hereunder; and (d) such Loan Party, the Joint Venture or the customer or customers of the Joint Venture shall obtain customary liability and commercial insurance, in amounts and from a reputable insurer as may be necessary for prudent execution of the work by the Joint Venture. Permitted Koontz-Wagner Pension Plan Obligations shall mean obligations of the Loan Parties in an aggregate amount not to exceed 2,700,000 for their obligations arising under the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local Union 1392 multi-employer pension plan of Koontz-Wagner. Permitted Loans shall mean: (a) the extension of trade credit by a Loan Party (other than an Inactive Subsidiary) to its Customers in the Ordinary Course of Business in connection with a sale of Inventory or rendition of services, in each case on open account terms; (b) loans to employees of a Loan Party (other than an Inactive Subsidiary) in the Ordinary Course of Business not to exceed as to all such loans the aggregate amount of 50,000 at any time outstanding; and (c) intercompany loans between and among the Loan Parties (other than Inactive Subsidiaries), so long as, at the request of Agent, each such intercompany loan is evidenced by a promissory note (including, if applicable, any master intercompany note executed by the Loan Parties) on terms and conditions (including terms subordinating payment of the Indebtedness evidenced by such note to the prior Payment in Full of all of the Obligations) reasonably acceptable to Agent in its sole discretion that has been delivered to Agent either endorsed in blank or together with an undated instrument of transfer executed in blank by the applicable Loan Parties that are the payees on such note. Person shall mean any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, corporation, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, association, limited and unlimited liability company, limited liability partnership, institution, public benefit corporation, joint venture, entity or Governmental Body (whether federal, state, county, city, municipal or otherwise, including any instrumentality, division, agency, body or department thereof). Plan shall mean any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (including a Pension Benefit Plan and a Multiemployer Plan, as defined herein) maintained by any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group or to which any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group is required to contribute. Pledge Agreement shall mean that certain Collateral Pledge Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by Holdings, WISG and WISG Canada in favor of Agent, and any other pledge agreements executed and delivered by any other Person subsequent to the Closing Date to secure the Obligations, as each may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. PNC shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall extend to all of its successors and assigns. Power shall mean Global Power Professional Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 46 

 PPSA shall mean, collectively, the Personal Property Security Act (Ontario), the Civil Code of Quebec, as amended, supplemented, restated and superseded, or any other applicable Canadian federal or provincial statute pertaining to the granting, perfecting, priority or ranking of security interests, liens, hypothecs on personal and moveable property, and any successor statutes, together with any regulations thereunder, in each case as in effect from time to time. References to sections of the PPSA shall be construed to also refer to any successor sections. Priority Payables shall mean (a) the full amount of the liabilities of any Loan Party which (i) have a trust imposed to provide for payment or a security interest, pledge, Lien, hypothec or charge ranking or capable of ranking senior to or pari passu with security interests, Liens, hypothecs or charges securing the Obligations on any Collateral under any federal, provincial, state, county, district, municipal, local or foreign law or (ii) have a right imposed to provide for payment ranking or capable of ranking senior to or pari passu with the Obligations under federal, provincial, state, county, district, municipal, local or foreign law, regulation or directive, including, but not limited to, claims for unremitted and/or accelerated rents, taxes, wages, withholdings taxes, value added taxes, amounts payable to an insolvency administrator, employee withholdings or deductions, vacation pay, severance and termination pay, workers compensation obligations, government royalties or pension obligations in each case to the extent such trust, or security interest, Lien hypothec or charge has been or may be imposed, including under the Wage Earner Protection Program Act (Canada), and (b) the amount equal to the aggregate value of the Inventory which the Agent, in good faith, and on a reasonable basis, considers is or may be subject to retention of title by a supplier or a right of a supplier to recover possession thereof, where such supplier s right has priority over the security interests, liens, hypothecs or charges securing the Obligations, including, without limitation, Inventory subject to a right of a supplier to repossess goods pursuant to Section 81.1 of the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada) or any applicable laws granting revendication or similar rights to unpaid suppliers or any similar laws of Canada or any other applicable jurisdiction. Pro Forma Balance Sheet shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.5(a) hereof. Pro Forma Basis shall mean on a basis in accordance with GAAP and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Agent. Pro Forma Financial Statements shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.5(b) hereof. Projections shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.5(b) hereof. Properly Contested shall mean, in the case of any Indebtedness, Lien or Taxes, as applicable, of any Person that are not paid as and when due or payable by reason of such Person s bona fide dispute concerning its liability to pay the same or concerning the amount thereof: (a) such Indebtedness, Lien or Taxes, as applicable, are being properly contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted; (b) the Agent has established Reserves hereunder and such Person has established reserves as shall be required in conformity with GAAP; (c) the non-payment of such Indebtedness or Taxes will not have a Material Adverse Effect or will not result in the forfeiture of any assets of such Person; (d) no Lien, other than Liens for Priority Payables, is imposed upon any of such Person s assets with 
 47 

 respect to such Indebtedness or taxes unless such Lien (x) does not attach to any Receivables or Inventory, (y) is at all times junior and subordinate in priority to the Liens in favor of Agent (except only with respect to property Taxes that have priority as a matter of applicable state law) and, (z) enforcement of such Lien is stayed during the period prior to the final resolution or disposition of such dispute; and (e) if such Indebtedness or Lien, as applicable, results from, or is determined by the entry, rendition or issuance against a Person or any of its assets of a judgment, writ, order or decree, enforcement of such judgment, writ, order or decree is stayed pending a timely appeal or other judicial review. Protective Advances shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.2(e) hereof. Purchasing CLO shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.3(d) hereof. Purchasing Lender shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.3(c) hereof. Qualified ECP Loan Party shall mean each Loan Party that on the Eligibility Date is (a) a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organization, trust, or other entity other than a commodity pool as defined in Section 1a(10) of the CEA and CFTC regulations thereunder that has total assets exceeding 10,000,000 or (b) an Eligible Contract Participant that can cause another person to qualify as an Eligible Contract Participant on the Eligibility Date under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the CEA by entering into or otherwise providing a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or other agreement for purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the CEA. Qualified Equity Interests means any Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests. RCRA shall mean the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq., as same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. Real Property shall mean all of the real property owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party on or after the Closing Date, together with, in each case, all improvements and appurtenant fixtures, equipment, personal property, easements and other property and rights incidental to the ownership, lease or operation thereof. Receivables shall mean and include, as to each Loan Party, all of such Loan Party s accounts (as defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code) and all of such Loan Party s contract rights, instruments (including those evidencing indebtedness owed to such Loan Party by its Affiliates), documents, chattel paper (including electronic chattel paper), general intangibles relating to accounts, contract rights, instruments, documents and chattel paper, all drafts and acceptances, credit card receivables and all other forms of obligations owing to such Loan Party arising out of or in connection with the sale or lease of Inventory or the rendition of services, all supporting obligations, guarantees and other security therefor, whether secured or unsecured, now existing or hereafter created, and whether or not specifically sold or assigned to Agent hereunder. Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.3(e) hereof. 
 48 

 Reimbursement Obligation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(b) hereof. Release shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.7(c)(i) hereof. Reportable Compliance Event shall mean that any Covered Entity becomes a Sanctioned Person, or is charged by indictment, criminal complaint or similar charging instrument, arraigned, or custodially detained in connection with any Anti-Terrorism Law or any predicate crime to any Anti-Terrorism Law, or has knowledge of facts or circumstances to the effect that it is reasonably likely that any aspect of its operations is in actual or probable violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law. Reportable ERISA Event shall mean a reportable event described in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations promulgated thereunder, other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived. Required Lenders shall mean Lenders (not including Swing Loan Lender (in its capacity as such) or any Defaulting Lender) holding at least fifty one percent (51 of either (a) the aggregate of the Revolving Commitment Amounts of all Lenders (excluding any Defaulting Lender), or (b) after the termination of all of the Commitments, the sum of (x) the outstanding Revolving Advances and Swing Loans, plus (y) the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit; provided, however, if there are fewer than three (3) Lenders, Required Lenders shall mean all Lenders (excluding any Defaulting Lender). Reserves shall mean reserves against the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount or the Formula Amount as Agent may deem proper and necessary from time to time, including in respect of Priority Payables in respect of any Canadian Loan Party. Resolution Authority shall mean an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. Responsible Officer means the (i) President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller, Treasurer or General Counsel of a Loan Party, (ii) any person performing similar functions of the forgoing clause (i), or (iii) any person with supervisory or managerial responsibilities of a Loan Party. Restricted Distribution means as to any Person (a) any dividend or distribution on any Equity Interests of any Loan Party (other than dividends or distributions payable in its stock (other than Disqualified Equity Interests)), (b) any split-ups or reclassifications of its Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests)), (c) any application any of its funds, property or assets to the purchase, redemption or other retirement of any of its Equity Interests, or of any options to purchase or acquire any Equity Interests of any Person, and (d) any payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest (whether in cash, securities or other property) of any intercompany note between and among the Loan Parties evidencing Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to the terms hereof. Revolving Advances shall mean Advances other than Letters of Credit and the Swing Loans. 
 49 

 Revolving Commitment shall mean, as to any Lender, the obligation of such Lender (if applicable), to make Revolving Advances and participate in Swing Loans and Letters of Credit, in an aggregate principal and/or face amount not to exceed the Revolving Commitment Amount (if any) of such Lender. Revolving Commitment Amount shall mean, as to any Lender, the Revolving Commitment amount (if any) set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 1.1 hereto (or, in the case of any Lender that became party to this Agreement after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 16.3(c) or (d) hereof, the Revolving Commitment amount (if any) of such Lender as set forth in the applicable Commitment Transfer Supplement). Revolving Commitment Percentage shall mean, as to any Lender, the Revolving Commitment Percentage (if any) set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 1.1 hereto (or, in the case of any Lender that became party to this Agreement after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 16.3(c) or (d) hereof, the Revolving Commitment Percentage (if any) of such Lender as set forth in the applicable Commitment Transfer Supplement). Revolving Credit Note shall mean, collectively, the promissory notes referred to in Section 2.1(a) hereof, as each may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Revolving Interest Rate shall mean (a) with respect to Revolving Advances that are Domestic Rate Loans and Swing Loans, an interest rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin for Revolving Advances and Swing Loans plus the Alternate Base Rate. (b) with respect to Revolving Advances that are Term SOFR Rate Loans, an interest rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin for Revolving Advances plus the Term SOFR Rate, (c) with respect to Revolving Advances that are converted to Canadian Base Rate Loans, an interest rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin plus the Alternate Canadian Base Rate, and (d) with respect to Revolving Advances that are CDOR Rate Loans, an interest rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin for Revolving Advances plus the CDOR Rate. Revolving Lender shall mean each Lender holding a Revolving Commitment. Sanctioned Country shall mean a country, territory or government or agency of any of the foregoing, in each case that is subject to or the subject or target of any sanctions or sanctions program maintained under any Anti-Terrorism Law, including, as of the Closing Date, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, and the Crimea region of Ukraine. Sanctioned Person shall mean any individual person, group, regime, entity or thing listed or otherwise recognized as a specially designated, prohibited, sanctioned or debarred person, group, regime, entity or thing, or subject to or the subject or target of any limitations or prohibitions (including but not limited to the blocking of property or rejection of transactions), under any Anti-Terrorism Law, including the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada), the Freezing Assets of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act (Canada) and the United Nations Act, including, without limitation, the Regulations Implementing the United Nations Resolutions 
 50 

 on the Suppression of Terrorism (Canada) and the United Nations Al-Qaida and Taliban Regulations (Canada) promulgated under the United Nations Act. SEC shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission or any similar applicable Governmental Body or any successor thereto. Second Amendment Effective Date shall mean October 6, 2022. Secured Parties shall mean, collectively, Agent, Issuers, Swing Loan Lender and Lenders, together with any Affiliates of Agent or any Lender to whom any Hedge Obligations or Cash Management Obligations are owed and with each other holder of any of the Obligations, and the respective successors and assigns of each of them. Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Settlement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(d) hereof. Settlement Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(d) hereof. SOFR shall mean, for any day, a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). SOFR Adjustment shall mean, the following: SOFR Adjustment Interest Period 15 basis points (0.15 For a 1-month Interest Period 25 basis points (0.25 For a 3-month Interest Period 35 basis points (0.35 For a 6-month Interest Period 
 SOFR Floor means a rate of interest per annum equal to 100 basis points (1.00 ). SOFR Reserve Percentage shall mean, for any day, the maximum effective percentage in effect on such day, if any, as prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the reserve requirements (including, without limitation, supplemental, marginal and emergency reserve requirements) with respect to SOFR funding. Southern Receivables shall mean Receivables owing to WPS by Southern Nuclear Operating Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Steam shall mean Steam Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Subordinated Indebtedness shall mean the Wynnefield Indebtedness and all other Indebtedness of any Loan Party (a) having amounts, maturities and , terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to, and approved in writing by, Agent and (b) that are subordinated to the 
 51 

 payment of the Obligations in a manner and on terms , all and conditions reasonably satisfactory to, and approved in writing by , reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders Agent . Subordination Agreements shall mean, collectively, any subordination agreement by and among Agent, any Loan Party and any holder of Subordinated Indebtedness (as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, restated or replaced from time to time), in each case in form and substance acceptable to Agent. Subsidiary of any Person shall mean a corporation or other entity of whose Equity Interests having ordinary voting power (other than Equity Interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the directors of such corporation, or other Persons performing similar functions for such entity, are owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person. In no event shall the term Subsidiary include any Permitted Joint Venture or Koontz-Wagner (other than in its capacity as an Inactive Subsidiary ). Subsidiary Stock shall mean (a) with respect to the Equity Interests issued to a Loan Party by any Subsidiary (other than a Foreign Subsidiary), 100 of such issued and outstanding Equity Interests, and (b) with respect to any Equity Interests issued to a Loan Party by any Foreign Subsidiary (i) 100 of such issued and outstanding Equity Interests not entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2)) and (ii) 66.67 (or such greater percentage that could not reasonably be expected to cause any material adverse U.S. federal, state or local income Tax consequences to a Loan Party) of such issued and outstanding Equity Interests entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2)). Swap shall mean any swap as defined in Section 1a(47) of the CEA and regulations thereunder other than (a) a swap entered into, or subject to the rules of, a board of trade designated as a contract market under Section 5 of the CEA, or (b) a commodity option entered into pursuant to CFTC Regulation 32.3(a). Swap Obligation shall mean any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a Swap which is also a Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedge, or a Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedge. Swing Loan Lender shall mean PNC, in its capacity as lender of the Swing Loans. Swing Loan Note shall mean the promissory note described in Section 2.4(a) hereof, as such note may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Swing Loans shall mean the Advances made pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof. Tax Distribution shall mean the additional federal, state or local income Taxes assumed to be payable by a shareholder or member of any Loan Party as a result of the taxable income of such Loan Party that gets allocated to such shareholder or member due to such Loan Party s status for federal, state or local income Tax purposes as a partnership, subchapter S corporation or any other entity that is a pass-through entity or disregarded entity for federal, state and local income Tax purposes (as applicable) but only for so long as such Loan Party continues to be so treated as a pass-through entity or disregarded entity for federal, state and local income 
 52 

 tax purposes, as evidenced and substantiated by the tax returns filed by such Loan Party (as applicable), with such income Taxes assumed to be payable by a shareholder or member of any Loan Party being calculated for all members or shareholders, as applicable, at the highest combined marginal federal, state and local income Tax rate applicable to the taxable income of the applicable member or shareholder at issue for which such tax is being calculated that is allocated to the member or shareholder of the Loan Party, taking into consideration (A) the character and nature of such income (i.e., whether such income is subject to income Tax at capital gains rates, ordinary income rates or any special rates), (B) losses previously allocated to each such member or shareholder, as applicable, by such Loan Party to the extent such losses have not previously been applied to reduce the Tax Distribution hereunder, provided that capital losses and capital loss carry forwards shall be taken into account only to the extent they are currently usable to offset income or gain allocated by such Loan Party to a member or shareholder, as applicable; and provided, further, that to the extent that any losses allocated by such Loan Party result in a payback by a member to such Loan Party of previous Tax Distributions pursuant to Section 7.7 hereof, then such losses shall not be taken into account for purposes of determining the Tax Distribution hereunder, and (C) the deduction under Section 199A of the Internal Revenue Code in respect of the taxable income of the Loan Parties. Taxes shall mean all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Body, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. Term shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.1 hereof. Termination Event shall mean: (a) a Reportable ERISA Event with respect to any Pension Benefit Plan; (b) the withdrawal of any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group from a Pension Benefit Plan during a plan year in which such entity was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) the providing of notice of intent to terminate a Pension Benefit Plan in a distress termination described in Section 4041(c) of ERISA; (d) the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Benefit Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (e) any event or condition (i) which would be reasonably expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Benefit Plan or Multiemployer Plan, or (ii) that would be reasonably expected to result in the termination of a Multiemployer Plan pursuant to Section 4041A of ERISA; (f) the partial or complete withdrawal, within the meaning of Section 4203 or 4205 of ERISA, of any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group from a Multiemployer Plan; (g) notice that a Multiemployer Plan is subject to Section 4245 of ERISA; (h) the imposition of any material liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent, upon any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group; or (i) any Canadian Pension Event. Term Loan Priority Collateral shall have the meaning assigned thereto in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 53 

 Term Loan Priority Collateral Account shall have the meaning assigned thereto in the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement in effect on the Closing Date. Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion). Term SOFR Rate shall mean, with respect to any Term SOFR Rate Loan for any Interest Period, the interest rate per annum determined by the Agent by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, at the Agent s discretion, to the nearest 1/100th of 1 (A) the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to such Interest Period on the day (the Term SOFR Determination Date that is two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator, by (B) a number equal to 1.00 minus the SOFR Reserve Percentage. If the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published or replaced with a Benchmark Replacement by 5:00 p.m. (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania time) on the Term SOFR Determination Date, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate, for purposes of clause (A) in the preceding sentence, shall be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor on the first Business Day preceding such Term SOFR Determination Date for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published in accordance herewith, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than three (3) Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Date. If the Term SOFR Rate, determined as provided above, would be less than the SOFR Floor, then the Term SOFR Rate shall be deemed to be the SOFR Floor. The Term SOFR Rate shall be adjusted automatically without notice to the Borrowing Agent on and as of (i) the first day of each Interest Period, and (ii) the effective date of any change in the SOFR Reserve Percentage. Term SOFR Rate Loan means an Advance that bears interest based on Term SOFR Rate. Term SOFR Reference Rate shall mean the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. Third Amendment Effective Date shall mean January 9, 2023. Toxic Substance shall mean and include any material present on any Real Property (including any leasehold interests) which has been shown to have significant adverse effect on human health or which is subject to regulation under the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA), 15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq., applicable state law, or any other applicable Federal or state laws or Canadian or provincial laws now in force or hereafter enacted relating to toxic substances. Toxic Substance includes but is not limited to asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and lead-based paints. Transactions shall mean the transactions under or contemplated by this Agreement, the Other Documents and the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents. Transferee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.3(d) hereof. UK Financial Institution shall mean any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom 
 54 

 Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. UK Resolution Authority shall mean the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. Undrawn Availability at a particular date shall mean an amount equal to (a) the lesser of (i) the Formula Amount or (ii) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount, minus (b) the outstanding amount of Advances, minus (c) the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit, minus (d) the sum of (i) all amounts due and owing to any Borrower s trade creditors which are outstanding sixty (60) days or more past their due date, plus (ii) fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Transactions for which Borrowers are liable but which have not been paid or charged to Borrowers Account. Unfunded Capital Expenditures shall mean, as to any Loan Party, without duplication, Capital Expenditures funded (a) from such Loan Party s internally generated cash flow or (b) with the proceeds of a Revolving Advance or Swing Loan. Uniform Commercial Code shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York. Unused Line Fee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3 hereof. USA PATRIOT Act shall mean the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public Law 107-56, as the same has been, or shall hereafter be, amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, extended or replaced. U.S. Dollar and the sign shall mean lawful money of the United States. U.S. Dollar Equivalent shall mean, at any time, (i) as to any amount denominated in U.S. Dollars, the amount thereof at such time, and (ii) as to any amount denominated in any other currency, the equivalent amount in U.S. Dollars calculated by the Agent in good faith at such time using the Exchange Rate in effect on the day of determination. U.S. Funding Account shall mean a deposit account of Borrowing Agent established for the purpose of receiving proceeds of Advances made in U.S. Dollars. U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday or Sunday or (b) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. U.S. Guarantor shall mean any Guarantor that is a U.S. Person. 
 55 

 U.S. Loan Party shall mean any Loan Party that is a U.S. Person. U.S. Person shall mean any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code. United States means the United States of America. Usage Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3 hereof. WISG shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors and assigns. WISG Canada shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors and assigns. WISG Electrical shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors and assigns. WISI shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors and assigns. Withholding Agent shall mean any Loan Party and Agent. Write-Down and Conversion Powers shall mean, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. WPS shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors and assigns. WSS shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors and assigns. Wynnefield Guaranties shall mean, collectively, (i) that certain Guaranty, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by the Guarantors, as guarantors, in favor of Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, L.P. I and (ii) that certain Guaranty, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by the Guarantors, as guarantors, in favor of Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, L.P. 
 56 

 Wynnefield Indebtedness shall mean the Indebtedness evidenced by the Wynnefield Loan Documents. Wynnefield Lenders shall mean, collectively, Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, L.P. and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, L.P. I. Wynnefield Loan Documents shall mean the Wynnefield Notes and the Wynnefield Guaranties, as the same may from time to time be amended, restated, or otherwise modified or replaced in accordance with the terms of the applicable Subordination Agreement. Wynnefield Notes shall mean, collectively, (i) that certain Unsecured Promissory Note, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by and among Holdings, as the borrow, and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, L.P. I, as the Lender in the original principal amount of 400,000.00 and (ii) that certain Unsecured Promissory Note, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by and among Holdings, as the borrow, and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, L.P., as the Lender in the original principal amount of 350,000.00. 1.3. Uniform Commercial Code / PPSA Terms . All terms used herein and defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as adopted in the State of New York from time to time (the Uniform Commercial Code shall have the meaning given therein unless otherwise defined herein. Without limiting the foregoing, the terms accounts , chattel paper (and electronic chattel paper and tangible chattel paper ), commercial tort claims , deposit accounts , documents , equipment , financial asset , fixtures , general intangibles , goods , instruments , inventory , investment property , letter-of-credit rights , payment intangibles , proceeds , promissory note securities , software and supporting obligations as and when used in the description of Collateral shall have the meanings given to such terms in Articles 8 or 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code. To the extent the definition of any category or type of collateral is expanded by any amendment, modification or revision to the Uniform Commercial Code, such expanded definition will apply automatically as of the date of such amendment, modification or revision. All terms used herein and defined in the PPSA (in respect of Collateral located in Canada) shall have the meaning given therein unless otherwise defined herein. Without limiting the foregoing, the terms accounts , chattel paper , goods , instruments , intangibles , proceeds , securities , investment property , document of title , inventory , equipment and fixtures , as and when used in the description of Collateral located in Canada shall have the meanings given to such terms in the PPSA. To the extent the definition of any category or type of collateral is expanded by any amendment, modification or revision to the PPSA, such expanded definition will apply automatically as of the date of such amendment, modification or revision. 1.4. Certain Matters of Construction . The terms herein , hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular section, subsection, clause or paragraph. All references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, except where the context clearly requires otherwise. Any pronoun used shall be deemed to cover all genders. Wherever appropriate in the context, terms used herein in the singular also include the plural and vice versa. All references to statutes and related regulations shall include any amendments of same and any successor statutes and regulations. Unless 
 57 

 otherwise provided, all references to any instruments or agreements to which Agent is a party, including references to any of the Other Documents, shall include any and all modifications, supplements or amendments thereto, any and all restatements or replacements thereof and any and all extensions or renewals thereof. Except as otherwise expressly provided for herein, all references herein to the time of day shall mean the time in New York, New York. Unless otherwise provided, all financial calculations shall be performed with Inventory valued on a first-in, first-out basis. Whenever the words including or include shall be used, such words shall be understood to mean including, without limitation or include, without limitation . A Default or an Event of Default shall be deemed to exist at all times during the period commencing on the date that such Default or Event of Default occurs to the date on which such Default or Event of Default is waived in writing pursuant to this Agreement or, in the case of a Default, is cured within any period of cure expressly provided for in this Agreement; and an Event of Default shall continue or be continuing until such Event of Default has been waived in writing by Required Lenders. Any Lien referred to in this Agreement or any of the Other Documents as having been created in favor of Agent, any agreement entered into by Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any of the Other Documents, any payment made by or to or funds received by Agent pursuant to or as contemplated by this Agreement or any of the Other Documents, or any act taken or omitted to be taken by Agent, shall, unless otherwise expressly provided, be created, entered into, made or received, or taken or omitted, for the benefit or account of Agent and Lenders. Wherever the phrase to the best of Borrowers knowledge or to the best of the Loan Parties knowledge or words of similar import relating to the knowledge or the awareness of any Loan Party are used in this Agreement or Other Documents, such phrase shall mean and refer to (i) the actual knowledge of a senior officer of any Loan Party or (ii) the knowledge that a senior officer would have obtained if he/she had engaged in a good faith and diligent performance of his/her duties, including the making of such reasonably specific inquiries as may be necessary of the employees or agents of such Loan Party and a good faith attempt to ascertain the existence or accuracy of the matter to which such phrase relates. All covenants hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular action or condition is not permitted by any of such covenants, the fact that it would be permitted by an exception to, or otherwise within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of a default if such action is taken or condition exists. In addition, all representations and warranties hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular representation or warranty proves to be incorrect or is breached, the fact that another representation or warranty concerning the same or similar subject matter is correct or is not breached will not affect the incorrectness of a breach of a representation or warranty hereunder. 1.5. Currency Matters . Principal, interest, reimbursement obligations, fees, and all other amounts payable under this Agreement and the Other Documents to the Secured Parties shall be payable in the currency in which such Obligations are denominated. Unless stated otherwise, all calculations, comparisons, measurements or determinations under this Agreement, shall be made in U.S. Dollars. For the purpose of all calculations, comparisons, measurements or determinations hereunder, including all calculations of the Formula Amount and all financial performance or results and all calculations with respect to financial ratios and/or financial covenants, including calculation of the component parts thereof (such as EBITDA, Funded Debt, etc.), amounts denominated in other currencies shall be converted to the U.S. Dollar Equivalent thereof at the Exchange Rate in effect on the day of determination. If Agent shall receive payment in a currency other than the currency in which the Obligations are due, whether 
 58 

 pursuant to the exercise of control under a securities account control agreement or deposit account control agreement, or as proceeds or realization of the Collateral or otherwise, then Agent shall be authorized to convert such amounts at the Exchange Rate in effect on the day of determination to the currencies in which such Obligations are due for application thereto. All financial statements, Borrowing Base Certificate and Compliance Certificates shall be set forth in U.S. Dollars. 1.6. Excess Resulting from Exchange Rate Change . If at any time following one or more fluctuations in the exchange rate of the Canadian Dollar against the U.S. Dollar, (a) the aggregate outstanding amount of Advances exceeds any limitations hereunder based on the U.S Dollar Equivalent thereof, or (b) the aggregate outstanding amount of Advances exceeds any other limit based on U.S. Dollars set forth herein for such Obligations, Borrowers shall on the Business Day that any Loan Party has knowledge thereof or the Business Day on which Agent shall have notified Borrowing Agent thereof make the necessary payments or repayments to reduce such Obligations to an amount necessary to eliminate such excess. Without in any way limiting the foregoing provisions, Agent may, weekly or more frequently in the sole discretion of Agent, make the necessary exchange rate calculations to determine whether any such excess exists on such date. 1.7. Canadian Terms . In this Agreement, (i) any term defined in this Agreement by reference to the Uniform Commercial Code shall also have any extended, alternative or analogous meaning given to such term in applicable Canadian personal property security and other laws (including, without limitation, the PPSA, the Bills of Exchange Act (Canada) and the Depository Bills and Notes Act (Canada)), in all cases for the extension, preservation or betterment of the security and rights of the Agent, (ii) all references in this Agreement to Article 8 of the Code or Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code shall be deemed to refer also to applicable Canadian securities transfer laws (including, without limitation, the Securities Transfer Act, 2006 (Ontario) and the Securities Transfer Act (British Columbia), as applicable), (iii) all references in this Agreement to the United States Copyright Office or the United States Patent and Trademark Office shall be deemed to refer also to the Canadian Intellectual Property Office, (iv) all references in this Agreement to a financing statement, continuation statement, amendment or termination statement shall be deemed to refer also to the analogous documents used under applicable Canadian personal property security laws, (v) all references to the United States, or to any subdivision, department, agency or instrumentality thereof shall be deemed to refer also to Canada, or to any subdivision, department, agency or instrumentality thereof, (vi) all references to federal or state securities law of the United States shall be deemed to refer also to analogous federal and provincial securities laws in Canada, (vii) all references to state or federal bankruptcy laws shall be deemed to refer also to any insolvency proceeding occurring in Canada or under Canadian law, (viii) all calculations of U.S. Dollar amounts which utilize amounts expressed in Canadian Dollars shall be made using the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of such Canadian Dollar amounts in a manner calculated by the Agent and (ix) all financial statements required to be delivered to Agent or Lenders hereunder shall be presented in U.S. Dollars. 1.8. Conversion of Assets . All of the property and assets of any Canadian Loan Party, including, without limitation, its Receivables, shall be valued in, and converted into, the U.S. 
 59 

 Dollar Equivalent in accordance with PNC s customary banking and conversion practices and procedures. 1.9. Term SOFR Notification . Section 3.8.2. of this Agreement provides a mechanism for determining an alternate rate of interest in the event that the Term SOFR Rate is no longer available or in certain other circumstances. The Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission or any other matter related to the Term SOFR Rate or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate therefor. 1.10. CDOR Notification . Section 3.8.3 hereof provides a mechanism for determining an alternate rate of interest in the event that the Canadian Dollar offered rate is no longer available or in certain other circumstances. Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission or any other matter related to the Canadian Dollar offered rate or other rates in the definition of CDOR Rate or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate therefor. 1.11. Conforming Changes Relating to Term SOFR Rate . With respect to the Term SOFR Rate, the Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any Other Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any Other Document; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Agent shall provide notice to the Borrowers and the Lenders of each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. II. ADVANCES, PAYMENTS. 2.1. Revolving Advances. (a) Amount of Revolving Advances . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, each Revolving Lender, severally and not jointly, will make Revolving Advances to Borrowers denominated in U.S. Dollars or the U.S. Dollar Equivalent in Canadian Dollars in aggregate amounts outstanding at any time equal to such Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of the lesser of (x) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount, less the outstanding amount of all Swing Loans, less the aggregate Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit, less Reserves established hereunder or (y) an amount equal to the result of the following (hereinafter, the Formula Amount ): (i) up to an amount equal to (A) 85 of Eligible Receivables and (B) subject to the limitations set forth in clause (e) below, 85 of Eligible JV Receivables, plus (ii) up to an amount equal to 85 of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of Eligible Canadian Receivables, plus (iii) subject to the limitations set forth in clause (e) below, up to the lesser of (a) an amount equal to 65 of Eligible Unbilled Receivables and (b) 5,500,000, minus 
 60 

 (iv) the aggregate Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit, minus (v) Reserves established hereunder. The Revolving Advances shall be evidenced by one or more secured promissory notes (collectively, the Revolving Credit Note substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1(a) hereto. (b) Discretionary Rights . The Advance Rates may be increased or decreased by Agent at any time and from time to time in the exercise of its Permitted Discretion, provided, that, Agent shall endeavor to give Borrowers notice of any decrease in the Advance Rates. Each Borrower consents to any such increases or decreases and acknowledges that decreasing the Advance Rates or increasing or imposing Reserves may limit or restrict Advances requested by Borrowing Agent. Without limitation of the foregoing, Agent shall have the right (but not the obligation), to establish from time to time, against the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount, Reserves to reflect the risks, as determined by Agent in its sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, of currency exchange rate fluctuations with respect to any Revolving Advances or Letters of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars or with respect to any Priority Payables. The amount of any Reserves established by Agent shall have a reasonable relationship to the event, condition, other circumstance, or fact that is the basis for such Reserve and shall not be duplicative of any other Reserve established and currently maintained. (c) The rights of Agent under this subsection are subject to the provisions of Section 16.2(b) hereof. (d) Revolving Advances in Canadian Dollars . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the outstanding principal amount of Revolving Advances made in Canadian Dollars hereunder shall not, at any time, exceed the Canadian Dollar Sublimit. To the extent the outstanding principal amount of Revolving Advances made in Canadian Dollars hereunder exceeds the Canadian Dollar Sublimit, such excess amount shall be immediately repaid or converted from a CDOR Rate Loan to a Term SOFR Rate Loan or Domestic Rate Loan, at Borrowers option. When determining the maximum principal amount of Revolving Advances permitted pursuant to this Section 2.1, all Revolving Advances made in Canadian Dollars shall be calculated at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent on the date that any Advance is made (or deemed made) hereunder or on any date of determination. (e) Limitation on Advances against Eligible JV Receivables and Eligible Unbilled JV Receivables . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the principal amount of Revolving Advances made hereunder against (i) Eligible Unbilled JV Receivables shall not exceed 250,000 in the aggregate at any one time outstanding and (ii) Eligible JV Receivables and Eligible Unbilled JV Receivables, on a combined basis, shall not exceed 1,000,000 in the aggregate at any one time outstanding. 2.2. Procedures for Requesting Revolving Advances; Procedures for Selection of Applicable Interest Rates for All Advances . 
 61 

 (a) Borrowing Agent on behalf of any Borrower may notify Agent prior to 1:00 p.m. (New York time) on a Business Day of a Borrower s request to incur, on that day, a Revolving Advance denominated in U.S. Dollars hereunder. All Revolving Advances denominated in U.S. Dollars shall be funded into the U.S. Funding Account. Borrowing Agent on behalf of any Borrower may notify Agent prior to 1:00 p.m. (New York time) on a Business Day of a Borrower s request to incur, on a day that is at least five (5) Business Days after such request, a Revolving Advance denominated in Canadian Dollars hereunder at the CDOR Rate. All Revolving Advances denominated in Canadian Dollars shall be funded into the Canadian Funding Account. Should any amount required to be paid as interest hereunder, or as fees or other charges under this Agreement or any other agreement with Agent or Lenders, or with respect to any other Obligation under this Agreement, become due, the same shall be deemed a request for a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan as of the date such payment is due, in the amount required to pay in full such interest, fee, charge or Obligation, and such request shall be irrevocable. If the Borrowers enter into a separate written agreement with Agent regarding Agent s auto-advance service, then each Advance made pursuant to such service (including Advances made for the payment of interest, fees, charges or obligations) shall be deemed an irrevocable request for a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan as of the date such auto-advance is made. (b) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a) above, in the event any Borrower desires to obtain a Term SOFR Rate Loan for any Advance (other than a Swing Loan), Borrowing Agent shall give Agent written notice by no later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time) on the day which is three (3) Business Days prior to the date such Term SOFR Rate Loan is to be borrowed, specifying (i) the date of the proposed borrowing (which shall be a Business Day), (ii) the type of borrowing and the amount of such Advance to be borrowed, which amount shall be in a minimum amount of 100,000 and in integral multiples of 50,000 thereafter, and (iii) the duration of the first Interest Period therefor, as applicable. Interest Periods for Term SOFR Rate Loans shall be for one, three or six months; provided that, if an Interest Period would end on a day that is not a Business Day, it shall end on the next succeeding Business Day unless such day falls in the next succeeding calendar month in which case the Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day. Any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period. Upon and after the occurrence of an Event of Default and during the continuation thereof, at the option of Agent or at the direction of the Required Lenders, no Term SOFR Rate Loan shall be made available to any Borrower. Upon the commencement of a Canadian Cash Dominion Period, at the option of Agent or at the direction of the Required Lenders, no CDOR Rate Loan shall be made available to any Borrower and all CDOR Rate Loans shall be converted to Domestic Rate Loans. After giving effect to each requested Term SOFR Rate Loan, including those which are converted from a Domestic Rate Loan under Section 2.2(e) below, there shall not be outstanding more than five (5) Term SOFR Rate Loans, in the aggregate at any time. (c) Each Interest Period of a Term SOFR Rate Loan shall commence on the date such Term SOFR Rate Loan is made, as applicable, and shall end on such date as Borrowing Agent may elect as set forth in subsection (b)(iii) above, provided that the exact length of each Interest Period shall be determined in accordance with the practice of the 
 62 

 interbank market for offshore U.S. Dollar and no Interest Period shall end after the last day of the Term. (d) Borrowing Agent shall elect the initial Interest Period applicable to a Term SOFR Rate Loan by its notice of borrowing given to Agent pursuant to Section 2.2(b) or by its notice of conversion given to Agent pursuant to Section 2.2(e), as the case may be. Borrowing Agent shall elect the duration of each succeeding Interest Period by giving irrevocable written notice to Agent of such duration not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time) on the day which is three (3) Business Days prior to the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable to such Term SOFR Rate Loan. If Agent does not receive timely notice of the succeeding Interest Period elected by Borrowing Agent, Borrowing Agent shall be deemed to have elected to convert such Term SOFR Rate Loan to a Domestic Rate Loan as of the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Term SOFR Rate Loan. (e) Provided that no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Borrowing Agent may, on the last Business Day of the then current Interest Period applicable to any outstanding Term SOFR Rate Loan, or on any Business Day with respect to Domestic Rate Loans, convert any such Term SOFR Rate Loan into a Domestic Rate Loan, provided that any conversion of a Term SOFR Rate Loan shall be made only on the last Business Day of the then current Interest Period applicable to such Term SOFR Rate Loan, as applicable. If Borrowing Agent desires to convert a Term SOFR Rate Loan or Domestic Rate Loan, Borrowing Agent shall give Agent written notice by no later than 1:00 p.m. (i) on the day which is three (3) Business Days prior to the date on which such conversion is to occur with respect to a conversion from a Domestic Rate Loan to a Term SOFR Rate Loan or (ii) on the day which is one (1) Business Day prior to the date on which such conversion is to occur (which date shall be the last Business Day of the Interest Period for the applicable Term SOFR Rate Loan) with respect to a conversion from a Term SOFR Rate Loan to a Domestic Rate Loan, specifying, in each case, the date of such conversion, the Term SOFR Rate Loan(s), or Domestic Rate Loan(s) to be converted and if the conversion is to a Term SOFR Rate Loan, the duration of the first Interest Period therefor. (f) At its option and upon written notice given prior to 1:00 p.m. at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date of such prepayment (or such shorter notice as Agent may agree), Borrowers may, subject to Section 2.2(g) below, prepay the Term SOFR Rate Loans in whole at any time or in part from time to time with accrued interest on the principal being prepaid to the date of such repayment. Borrowing Agent shall specify the date of prepayment of Advances which are Term SOFR Rate Loans and the amount of such prepayment. In the event that any prepayment of a Term SOFR Rate Loan is required or permitted on a date other than the last Business Day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto, Borrowers shall indemnify Agent and Lenders therefor in accordance with Section 2.2(g) hereof. (g) Each Loan Party shall indemnify Agent and Lenders and hold Agent and Lenders harmless from and against any and all losses or expenses that Agent and Lenders may sustain or incur as a consequence of any prepayment, conversion of or any default by any Borrower in the payment of the principal of or interest on any Term SOFR Rate Loan or CDOR Rate Loan or failure by any Borrower to complete a borrowing of, a prepayment of or conversion of or to a Term SOFR Rate Loan or CDOR Rate Loan after notice thereof has been given, 
 63 

 including, but not limited to, any interest payable by Agent or Lenders to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to make or maintain its Term SOFR Rate Loans or CDOR Rate Loans hereunder. A certificate as to any additional amounts payable pursuant to the foregoing sentence (with backup calculation in reasonable detail) submitted by Agent or any Lender to Borrowing Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (h) Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, if any Applicable Law, treaty, regulation or directive, or any change therein or in the interpretation or application thereof, including without limitation any Change in Law, shall make it unlawful for Lenders or any Lender (for purposes of this subsection (h), the term Lender shall include any Lender and the office or branch where any Lender or any Person controlling such Lender makes or maintains any Term SOFR Rate Loans or CDOR Rate Loans, as applicable) to make or maintain its Term SOFR Rate Loans or CDOR Rate Loans, the obligation of Lenders (or such affected Lender) to make Term SOFR Rate Loans or CDOR Rate Loans, as applicable, hereunder shall forthwith be cancelled and Borrowers shall, if any affected Term SOFR Rate Loans or CDOR Rate Loans are then outstanding, promptly upon request from Agent, either pay all such affected Term SOFR Rate Loans or CDOR Rate Loans or convert (x) such affected Term SOFR Rate Loans into Domestic Rate Loans or (y) such affected CDOR Rate Loans into Canadian Base Rate Loans. If any such payment or conversion of any Term SOFR Rate Loan is made on a day that is not the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Term SOFR Rate Loan, Borrowers shall pay Agent, upon Agent s request, such amount or amounts set forth in clause (g) above. A certificate as to any additional amounts payable pursuant to the foregoing sentence (with backup calculation in reasonable detail) submitted by Lenders to Borrowing Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (i) Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, neither any Agent nor any Lender, nor any of their participants, is required actually to acquire Term SOFR deposits or bankers acceptances to fund or otherwise match fund any Obligation as to which interest accrues based on the Term SOFR Rate or CDOR Rate, as applicable. The provisions set forth herein shall apply as if each Lender or its participants had match funded any Obligation as to which interest is accruing based on the Term SOFR Rate by acquiring SOFR deposits for each Interest Period in the amount of the Term SOFR Rate Loans. 2.3. [Reserved] . 2.4. Swing Loans . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in order to minimize the transfer of funds between Revolving Lenders and Agent for administrative convenience, Agent, Revolving Lenders and Swing Loan Lender agree that in order to facilitate the administration of this Agreement, Swing Loan Lender may, at its election and option made in its sole discretion cancelable at any time for any reason whatsoever, make swing loan advances denominated in U.S. Dollars Swing Loans available to Borrowers as provided for in this Section 2.4 at any time or from time to time after the Closing Date to, but not including, the last day of the Term, in an aggregate principal amount up to but not in excess of the Maximum Swing Loan Advance Amount, provided that the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Swing Loans and the Revolving Advances at any one time outstanding shall not exceed an 
 64 

 amount equal to the lesser of (i) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount, less the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit or (ii) the Formula Amount. All Swing Loans shall be Domestic Rate Loans only. Borrowers may borrow (at the option and election of Swing Loan Lender), repay and re-borrow (at the option and election of Swing Loan Lender) Swing Loans and Swing Loan Lender may make Swing Loans as provided in this Section 2.4 during the period between Settlement Dates. All Swing Loans shall be evidenced by a secured promissory note (the Swing Loan Note substantially in the form attached as Exhibit 2.4 hereto. Swing Loan Lender s agreement to make Swing Loans under this Agreement is cancelable at any time for any reason whatsoever and the making of Swing Loans by Swing Loan Lender from time to time shall not create any duty or obligation, or establish any course of conduct, pursuant to which Swing Loan Lender shall thereafter be obligated to make Swing Loans in the future. (b) Upon either (i) any request by Borrowing Agent for a Revolving Advance made pursuant to Section 2.2(a) hereof or (ii) the occurrence of any deemed request by Borrowers for a Revolving Advance pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.2(a) hereof, Swing Loan Lender may elect, in its sole discretion, to have such request or deemed request treated as a request for a Swing Loan, and may advance same day funds to Borrowers as a Swing Loan; provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided for herein, Swing Loan Lender may not make Swing Loan Advances if Swing Loan Lender has been notified by Agent or by Required Lenders that one or more of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 8.2 hereof have not been satisfied or the Revolving Commitments have been terminated for any reason. (c) Upon the making of a Swing Loan (whether before or after the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default and regardless of whether a Settlement has been requested with respect to such Swing Loan), each Revolving Lender shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, to have unconditionally and irrevocably purchased from Swing Loan Lender, without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation in such Swing Loan in proportion to its Revolving Commitment Percentage. Swing Loan Lender or Agent may, at any time, require the Revolving Lenders to fund such participations by means of a Settlement as provided for in Section 2.6(d) hereof. From and after the date, if any, on which any Revolving Lender is required to fund, and funds, its participation in any Swing Loans purchased hereunder, Agent shall promptly distribute to such Revolving Lender its Revolving Commitment Percentage of all payments of principal and interest and all proceeds of Collateral received by Agent in respect of such Swing Loan; provided that no Revolving Lender shall be obligated in any event to make Revolving Advances in an amount in excess of its Revolving Commitment Amount minus its Participation Commitment (taking into account any reallocations under Section 2.22 hereof) of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit. 2.5. Disbursement of Advance Proceeds . All Advances shall be disbursed from whichever office or other place Agent may designate from time to time and, together with any and all other Obligations of the Loan Parties to Agent or Lenders, shall be charged to Borrowers Account on Agent s books. The proceeds of each Revolving Advance or Swing Loan requested by Borrowing Agent on behalf of any Borrower or deemed to have been requested by any Borrower under Section 2.2(a), 2.6(b) or 2.14 hereof shall, (i) with respect to requested Revolving Advances, to the extent Lenders make such Revolving Advances in accordance with Section 2.2(a), 2.6(b) or 2.14 hereof, and with respect to Swing Loans made upon any request or 
 65 

 deemed request by Borrowing Agent for a Revolving Advance to the extent Swing Loan Lender makes such Swing Loan in accordance with Section 2.4(b) hereof, be made available to the applicable Borrower on the day so requested by way of credit to such Borrower s operating account at PNC, or such other bank as Borrowing Agent may designate following notification to Agent, in immediately available federal funds or other immediately available funds or, (ii) with respect to Revolving Advances deemed to have been requested by any Borrower or Swing Loans made upon any deemed request for a Revolving Advance by any Borrower, be disbursed to Agent to be applied to the outstanding Obligations giving rise to such deemed request. During the Term, Borrowers may use the Revolving Advances and Swing Loans by borrowing, prepaying and re-borrowing, all in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. 2.6. Making and Settlement of Advances . (a) Each borrowing of Revolving Advances shall be advanced according to the applicable Revolving Commitment Percentages of Revolving Lenders (subject to any contrary terms of Section 2.22 hereof). Each borrowing of Swing Loans shall be advanced by Swing Loan Lender alone. (b) Promptly after receipt by Agent of a request or a deemed request for a Revolving Advance pursuant to Section 2.2(a) hereof and, with respect to Revolving Advances, to the extent Agent elects not to provide a Swing Loan or the making of a Swing Loan would result in the aggregate amount of all outstanding Swing Loans exceeding the maximum amount permitted in Section 2.4(a) hereof, Agent shall notify the Revolving Lenders of its receipt of such request specifying the information provided by Borrowing Agent and the apportionment among Lenders of the requested Revolving Advance as determined by Agent in accordance with the terms hereof. Each Lender shall remit the principal amount of each Revolving Advance to Agent such that Agent is able to, and Agent shall, to the extent the applicable Lenders have made funds available to it for such purpose and subject to Section8.2 hereof, fund such Revolving Advance to Borrowers in U.S. Dollars and immediately available funds at the Payment Office prior to the close of business, on the applicable borrowing date; provided that if any applicable Lender fails to remit such funds to Agent in a timely manner, Agent may elect in its sole discretion to fund with its own funds the Revolving Advance of such Lender on such borrowing date, and such Lender shall be subject to the repayment obligation in Section 2.6(c) hereof. (c) Unless Agent shall have been notified by telephone, confirmed in writing, by any Revolving Lender that such Lender will not make the amount which would constitute its applicable Revolving Commitment Percentage of the requested Revolving Advance available to Agent, Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) assume that such Lender has made such amount available to Agent on such date in accordance with Section 2.6(b) hereof and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to Borrowers a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its applicable Revolving Commitment Percentage of the requested Revolving Advance available to Agent, then the applicable Lender and Borrowers severally agree to pay to Agent on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to Borrowers through but excluding the date of payment to Agent, at (i) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of (A) (x) the daily average Effective Federal Funds Rate (computed on the basis of a year of 360 days) during such period as quoted by Agent, times (y) such amount or (B) a rate 
 66 

 determined by Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (ii) in the case of a payment to be made by Borrowers, the Revolving Interest Rate for Revolving Advances that are Domestic Rate Loans. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Revolving Advance to Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Revolving Advance. Any payment by Borrowers shall be without prejudice to any claim Borrowers may have against a Revolving Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to Agent. A certificate of Agent submitted to any Lender or Borrowers with respect to any amounts owing under this subsection (c) shall be conclusive, in the absence of manifest error. (d) Agent, on behalf of Swing Loan Lender, shall demand settlement (a Settlement of all or any Swing Loans with Revolving Lenders on at least a weekly basis, or on any more frequent date that Agent elects or that Swing Loan Lender at its option exercisable for any reason whatsoever may request, by notifying Revolving Lenders of such requested Settlement by facsimile, telephonic or electronic transmission no later than 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the date of such requested Settlement (the Settlement Date ). Subject to any contrary provisions of Section 2.22 hereof, each Revolving Lender shall transfer the amount of such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of the outstanding principal amount (plus interest accrued thereon to the extent requested by Agent) of the applicable Swing Loan with respect to which Settlement is requested by Agent, to such account of Agent as Agent may designate not later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on such Settlement Date if requested by Agent by 3:00 p.m. (New York time), otherwise not later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the next Business Day. Settlements may occur at any time notwithstanding that the conditions precedent to making Revolving Advances set forth in Section 8.2 hereof have not been satisfied or the Revolving Commitments shall have otherwise been terminated at such time. All amounts so transferred to Agent shall be applied against the amount of outstanding Swing Loans and, when so applied shall constitute Revolving Advances of such Revolving Lenders accruing interest as Domestic Rate Loans. If any such amount is not transferred to Agent by any Revolving Lender on such Settlement Date, Agent shall be entitled to recover such amount on demand from such Revolving Lender together with interest thereon as specified in Section 2.6(c) hereof. (e) If any Lender or Participant (a Benefited Lender shall at any time receive any payment of all or part of its Advances, or interest thereon, or receive any Collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by set-off) in a greater proportion than any such payment to and Collateral received by any other Lender, if any, in respect of such other Lender s Advances, or interest thereon, and such greater proportionate payment or receipt of Collateral is not expressly permitted hereunder, such Benefited Lender shall purchase for cash from the other Lenders a participation in such portion of each such other Lender s Advances, or shall provide such other Lender with the benefits of any such Collateral, or the proceeds thereof, as shall be necessary to cause such Benefited Lender to share the excess payment or benefits of such Collateral or proceeds ratably with each of the other Lenders; provided, however, that if all or any portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter recovered from such Benefited Lender, such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. Each Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under Applicable Law, that each Lender so purchasing a portion of another Lender s Advances may exercise all rights of payment (including rights of set-off) with respect to such portion as fully as if such Lender were the direct holder of 
 67 

 such portion, and the obligations owing to each such purchasing Lender in respect of such participation and such purchased portion of any other Lender s Advances shall be part of the Obligations secured by the Collateral, and the obligations owing to each such purchasing Lender in respect of such participation and such purchased portion of any other Lender s Advances shall be part of the Obligations secured by the Collateral. 2.7. Maximum Advances . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Section 2.1(a) or otherwise in this Agreement, the aggregate balance of the principal amount of Revolving Advances (calculated, with respect to Revolving Advances made in Canadian Dollars, at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent) plus Swing Loans outstanding at any time shall not exceed the lesser of (a) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount less the aggregate Maximum Undrawn Amount of all issued and outstanding Letters of Credit or (b) the Formula Amount. 2.8. Manner and Repayment of Advances . (a) The Revolving Advances and Swing Loans shall be due and payable in full on the last day of the Term subject to earlier prepayment as herein provided. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all Advances shall be subject to earlier repayment upon (x) acceleration upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under this Agreement or (y) termination of this Agreement. Each payment (including each prepayment) by any Borrower on account of the principal of and interest on the Advances shall be applied, first, to the outstanding Swing Loans and next, pro rata according to the applicable Revolving Commitment Percentages of Lenders, to the outstanding Revolving Advances (subject to any contrary provisions of Section 2.22 hereof). (b) Each Borrower recognizes that the amounts evidenced by checks, notes, drafts or any other items of payment relating to and/or proceeds of Collateral may not be collectible by Agent on the date received by Agent. Agent shall conditionally credit Borrowers Account for each item of payment on the next Business Day after the Business Day on which such item of payment is received by Agent (and the Business Day on which each such item of payment is so credited shall be referred to, with respect to such item, as the Application Date ). Agent is not, however, required to credit Borrowers Account for the amount of any item of payment which is unsatisfactory to Agent and Agent may charge Borrowers Account for the amount of any item of payment which is returned, for any reason whatsoever, to Agent unpaid. Subject to the foregoing, Borrowers agree that for purposes of computing the interest charges under this Agreement, each item of payment received by Agent shall be deemed applied by Agent on account of the Obligations on its respective Application Date. The Loan Parties further agree that there is a monthly float charge payable to Agent for Agent s sole benefit, in an amount equal to (y) the face amount of all items of payment received each day during the prior month (including items of payment received by Agent as a wire transfer or electronic depository check) multiplied by (z) the Revolving Interest Rate with respect to Domestic Rate Loans or Canadian Base Rate Loans, as applicable, for one (1) day (i.e. the Revolving Interest Rate divided by 360 or 365/366, as applicable). The monthly float charge shall be calculated daily and charged once per month, relating to all payments collected in the prior month. All proceeds received by Agent shall be applied to the Obligations in accordance with Section 4.8(h) hereof. 
 68 

 (c) All payments of principal, interest and other amounts payable hereunder, or under any of the Other Documents shall be made to Agent at the Payment Office not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time) on the due date therefor in U.S. Dollars or Canadian Dollars, as applicable, in federal funds or other funds immediately available to Agent. Agent shall have the right to effectuate payment of any and all Obligations due and owing hereunder by charging Borrowers Account or by making Advances as provided in Section 2.2 hereof. (d) Except as expressly provided herein, all payments (including prepayments) to be made by any Borrower on account of principal, interest, fees and other amounts payable hereunder shall be made without deduction, setoff or counterclaim and shall be made to Agent on behalf of Lenders to the Payment Office, in each case on or prior to 1:00 p.m. (New York time), in U.S. Dollars or Canadian Dollars, as applicable, and in immediately available funds. 2.9. Repayment of Excess Advances . If at any time the aggregate balance of outstanding Advances taken as a whole exceeds the maximum amount of such type or any sublimit of Advances and/or Advances taken as a whole (as applicable) permitted hereunder, such excess Advances shall be immediately due and payable without the necessity of any demand, at the Payment Office, whether or not a Default or an Event of Default has occurred. 2.10. Statement of Account . Agent shall maintain, in accordance with its customary procedures, a loan account denominated in U.S. Dollars and a loan account denominated in Canadian Dollars (each, a Borrowers Account in the name of the applicable Borrower in which shall be recorded the date and amount of each Advance made by Agent or Lenders and the date and amount of each payment in respect thereof; provided, however, the failure by Agent to record the date and amount of any Advance shall not adversely affect Agent or any Lender. Each month, Agent shall send to Borrowing Agent a statement showing the accounting for the Advances made, payments made or credited in respect thereof, and other transactions between Agent, Lenders and Borrowers during such month. The monthly statements shall be deemed correct and binding upon Borrowers in the absence of manifest error and shall constitute an account stated between Lenders and Borrowers unless Agent receives a written statement of Borrowers specific exceptions thereto within thirty (30) days after such statement is received by Borrowing Agent. The records of Agent with respect to Borrowers Accounts shall be conclusive evidence absent manifest error of the amounts of Advances and other charges thereto and of payments applicable thereto. 2.11. Letters of Credit . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the applicable Issuer shall issue or cause the issuance of standby and/or trade letters of credit denominated in U.S. Dollars or Canadian Dollars Letters of Credit for the account of any Borrower except to the extent that the issuance thereof would then cause the sum of (i) the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the outstanding Revolving Advances plus (ii) the outstanding Swing Loans, plus (iii) the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit, plus (iv) the Maximum Undrawn Amount of the Letter of Credit to be issued to exceed the lesser of (x) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount or (y) the Formula Amount (calculated without giving effect to the deductions provided for in Section 2.1(a) hereof). The Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of 
 69 

 Credit shall not exceed in the aggregate at any time the Letter of Credit Sublimit. All disbursements or payments related to Letters of Credit shall be deemed to be Domestic Rate Loans consisting of Revolving Advances and shall bear interest at the Revolving Interest Rate for Domestic Rate Loans. Letters of Credit that have not been drawn upon shall not bear interest (but fees shall accrue in respect of outstanding Letters of Credit as provided in Section 3.2 hereof). (b) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, no Issuer shall be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if (i) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Body or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuer from issuing any Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to such Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Body with jurisdiction over such Issuer shall prohibit, or request that such Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such Issuer with respect to the Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon such Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date, and which such Issuer in good faith deems material to it, or (ii) the issuance of the Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally. 2.12. Issuance of Letters of Credit . (a) Borrowing Agent, on behalf of any Borrower, may request any Issuer to issue or cause the issuance of a Letter of Credit by delivering to such Issuer, with a copy to Agent at the Payment Office, prior to 1:00 p.m. (New York time), at least five (5) Business Days prior to the proposed date of issuance, such Issuer s form of Letter of Credit Application (the Letter of Credit Application completed to the satisfaction of Agent and such Issuer; and, such other certificates, documents and other papers and information as Agent or such Issuer may request. No Issuer shall issue any requested Letter of Credit if such Issuer has received notice from Agent or any Lender that one or more of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 8.2 hereof have not been satisfied or the Revolving Commitments have been terminated for any reason. (b) Each Letter of Credit shall, among other things, (i) provide for the payment of sight drafts, or other written demands for payment, or acceptances of usance drafts when presented for honor thereunder in accordance with the terms thereof and when accompanied by the documents described therein and (ii) have an expiry date not later than twelve (12) months after such Letter of Credit s date of issuance and in no event later than the last day of the Term, unless Agent, Issuer and Borrowing Agent agree for such Letter of Credit to be cash collateralized immediately upon the expiration of the Term, pursuant to Section 3.2(b) hereof. Each standby Letter of Credit shall be subject either to the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits as most recently published by the International Chamber of Commerce at the time a Letter of Credit is issued (the UCP or the International Standby Practices (International Chamber of Commerce Publication Number 590), or any subsequent revision thereof at the time a standby Letter of Credit is issued, as determined by the applicable Issuer, and each trade Letter of Credit shall be subject to the UCP. In addition, no trade Letter of 
 70 

 Credit may permit the presentation of an ocean bill of lading that includes a condition that the original bill of lading is not required to claim the goods shipped thereunder. (c) Agent shall use its reasonable efforts to notify Lenders of the request by Borrowing Agent for a Letter of Credit hereunder. 2.13. Requirements For Issuance of Letters of Credit . (a) Borrowing Agent shall authorize and direct the applicable Issuer to name the applicable Borrower as the Applicant or Account Party of each Letter of Credit. If Agent is not the Issuer of any Letter of Credit, Borrowing Agent shall authorize and direct the applicable Issuer to deliver to Agent all agreements, documents or instruments and property received by such Issuer pursuant to such Letter of Credit and to accept and rely upon Agent s instructions and agreements with respect to all matters arising in connection with such Letter of Credit, and the application therefor. (b) In connection with all trade Letters of Credit issued or caused to be issued by any Issuer under this Agreement, each Borrower hereby appoints each Issuer, or its designee, as its attorney, with full power and authority if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing: (i) to sign and/or endorse such Borrower s name upon any warehouse or other receipts, and acceptances; (ii) to sign such Borrower s name on bills of lading; (iii) to clear Inventory through the United States Customs Department or Canada Border Services Agency (collectively, Customs in the name of such Borrower or such Issuer or such Issuer s designee, and to sign and deliver to Customs officials powers of attorney in the name of such Borrower for such purpose; and (iv) to complete in such Borrower s name or in the name of such Issuer or its designee, any order, sale or transaction, obtain the necessary documents in connection therewith, and collect the proceeds thereof. Neither Agent, nor any Issuer nor their attorneys will be liable for any acts or omissions nor for any error of judgment or mistakes of fact or law, except for Agent s, any Issuer s or their respective attorneys willful misconduct. This power, being coupled with an interest, is irrevocable as long as any Letters of Credit remain outstanding. 2.14. Disbursements, Reimbursement . (a) Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Revolving Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the applicable Issuer a participation in each Letter of Credit and each drawing thereunder in an amount equal to such Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of such Letter of Credit (as in effect from time to time) and the amount of such drawing, respectively. (b) In the event of any request for a drawing under a Letter of Credit by the beneficiary or transferee thereof, the applicable Issuer will promptly notify Agent and Borrowing Agent. Regardless of whether Borrowing Agent shall have received such notice, Borrowers shall reimburse such Issuer in an amount equal to the amount so paid by such Issuer (such obligation to reimburse such Issuer shall sometimes be referred to as a Reimbursement Obligation prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York time) on each date that an amount is paid by such Issuer under such Letter of Credit (each such date, a Drawing Date ). In the event Borrowers fail to reimburse 
 71 

 such Issuer for the full amount of any drawing under any Letter of Credit by 12:00 p.m. (New York time) on the Drawing Date, such Issuer will promptly notify Agent and each Revolving Lender thereof, and Borrowers shall be automatically deemed to have requested that a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan be made by Lenders to be disbursed on the Drawing Date under such Letter of Credit, and Revolving Lenders shall be unconditionally obligated to fund such Revolving Advance (all whether or not the conditions specified in Section 8.2 hereof are then satisfied or the Revolving Commitments have been terminated for any reason) as provided for in Section 2.14(c) below. Any notice given by any Issuer pursuant to this Section 2.14(b) may be oral if promptly confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such a confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. (c) Each Revolving Lender shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.14(b) above make available to the applicable Issuer through Agent at the Payment Office an amount in immediately available funds equal to its Revolving Commitment Percentage (subject to any contrary provisions of Section 2.22 hereof) of the amount of the drawing, whereupon the participating Lenders shall (subject to Section 2.14(d) hereof) each be deemed to have made a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan to Borrowers in that amount. If any Revolving Lender so notified fails to make available to Agent, for the benefit of the applicable Issuer, the amount of such Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of such amount by 2:00 p.m. (New York time) on the Drawing Date, then interest shall accrue on such Lender s obligation to make such payment, from the Drawing Date to the date on which such Lender makes such payment (i) at a rate per annum equal to the Effective Federal Funds Rate during the first three (3) days following the Drawing Date and (ii) at a rate per annum equal to the rate applicable to Revolving Advances maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan on and after the fourth day following the Drawing Date. Agent and the applicable Issuer will promptly give notice of the occurrence of the Drawing Date, but failure of Agent or such Issuer to give any such notice on the Drawing Date or in sufficient time to enable any Revolving Lender to effect such payment on such date shall not relieve such Lender from its obligations under this Section 2.14(c), provided that such Lender shall not be obligated to pay interest as provided in this Section 2.14(c) until and commencing from the date of receipt of notice from Agent or such Issuer of a drawing. (d) With respect to any unreimbursed drawing that is not converted into a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan to Borrowers in whole or in part as contemplated by Section 2.14(b) hereof, because of Borrowers failure to satisfy the conditions set forth in Section 8.2 hereof (other than any notice requirements) or for any other reason, Borrowers shall be deemed to have incurred from Agent a borrowing (each a Letter of Credit Borrowing in the amount of such drawing. Such Letter of Credit Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the rate per annum applicable to a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan. Each applicable Lender s payment to Agent pursuant to Section 2.14(c) hereof shall be deemed to be a payment in respect of its participation in such Letter of Credit Borrowing and shall constitute a Participation Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its Participation Commitment in respect of the applicable Letter of Credit under this Section 2.14. (e) Each Lender s Participation Commitment in respect of the Letters of Credit shall continue until the last to occur of any of the following events: (x) Issuers cease to be 
 72 

 obligated to issue or cause to be issued Letters of Credit hereunder; (y) no Letter of Credit issued or created hereunder remains outstanding and uncanceled; and (z) all Persons (other than Borrowers) have been fully reimbursed for all payments made under or relating to Letters of Credit. 2.15. Repayment of Participation Advances . (a) Upon (and only upon) receipt by Agent for the account of Issuer of immediately available funds from Borrowers (i) in reimbursement of any payment made by Issuer or Agent under the Letter of Credit with respect to which any Lender has made a Participation Advance to Agent, or (ii) in payment of interest on such a payment made by Issuer or Agent under such a Letter of Credit, Agent will pay to each Revolving Lender, in the same funds as those received by Agent, the amount of such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of such funds, except Agent shall retain the amount of the Revolving Commitment Percentage of such funds of any Revolving Lender that did not make a Participation Advance in respect of such payment by Agent (and, to the extent that any of the other Revolving Lenders have funded any portion such Defaulting Lender s Participation Advance in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.22 hereof, Agent will pay over to such Non-Defaulting Lenders a pro rata portion of the funds so withheld from such Defaulting Lender). (b) If Issuer or Agent is required at any time to return to any Borrower, or to a trustee, receiver, monitor, liquidator, custodian, or any official in any insolvency proceeding under any Insolvency Law, any portion of the payments made by Borrowers to Issuer or Agent pursuant to Section 2.15(a) hereof in reimbursement of a payment made under the Letter of Credit or interest or fee thereon, each applicable Lender shall, on demand of Agent, forthwith return to Issuer or Agent the amount of its Revolving Commitment Percentage of any amounts so returned by Issuer or Agent plus interest at the Effective Federal Funds Rate. 2.16. Documentation . Each Borrower agrees to be bound by the terms of the Letter of Credit Application and by Issuer s interpretations of any Letter of Credit issued on behalf of such Borrower and by Issuer s written regulations and customary practices relating to letters of credit, though Issuer s interpretations may be different from such Borrower s own. In the event of a conflict between the Letter of Credit Application and this Agreement, this Agreement shall govern. It is understood and agreed that, except in the case of gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment or order), Issuer shall not be liable for any error, negligence and/or mistakes, whether of omission or commission, in following Borrowing Agent s or any Borrower s instructions or those contained in the Letters of Credit or any modifications, amendments or supplements thereto. 2.17. Determination to Honor Drawing Request . In determining whether to honor any request for drawing under any Letter of Credit by the beneficiary thereof, Issuer shall be responsible only to determine that the documents and certificates required to be delivered under such Letter of Credit have been delivered and that they comply on their face with the 
 73 

 requirements of such Letter of Credit and that any other drawing condition appearing on the face of such Letter of Credit has been satisfied in the manner so set forth. 2.18. Nature of Participation and Reimbursement Obligations . The obligation of each Revolving Lender in accordance with this Agreement to make the Revolving Advances or Participation Advances as a result of a drawing under a Letter of Credit, and the obligations of Borrowers to reimburse Issuer upon a draw under a Letter of Credit, shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Section 2.18 under all circumstances, including the following circumstances: (i) any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender or any Borrower, as the case may be, may have against Issuer, Agent, any Borrower or such Lender, as the case may be, or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (ii) the failure of any Borrower or any other Person to comply, in connection with a Letter of Credit Borrowing, with the conditions set forth in this Agreement for the making of a Revolving Advance, it being acknowledged that such conditions are not required for the making of a Letter of Credit Borrowing and the obligation of Lenders to make Participation Advances under Section 2.14 hereof; (iii) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit; (iv) any claim of breach of warranty that might be made by any Borrower, Agent, Issuer or any Lender against the beneficiary of a Letter of Credit, or the existence of any claim, set-off, recoupment, counterclaim, cross-claim, defense or other right which any Borrower, Agent, Issuer or any Lender may have at any time against a beneficiary, any successor beneficiary or any transferee of any Letter of Credit or assignee of the proceeds thereof (or any Persons for whom any such transferee or assignee may be acting), Issuer, Agent or any Lender or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated herein or any unrelated transaction (including any underlying transaction between any Borrower or any Subsidiaries of such Borrower and the beneficiary for which any Letter of Credit was procured); (v) the lack of power or authority of any signer of (or any defect in or forgery of any signature or endorsement on) or the form of or lack of validity, sufficiency, accuracy, enforceability or genuineness of any draft, demand, instrument, certificate or other document presented under or in connection with any Letter of Credit, or any fraud or alleged fraud in connection with any Letter of Credit, or the transport of any property or provision of services relating to a Letter of Credit, in each case even if Issuer or any of Issuer s Affiliates has been notified thereof; (vi) payment by Issuer under any Letter of Credit against presentation of a demand, draft or certificate or other document which is forged or does not fully comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit (provided that the foregoing shall not excuse Issuer from any obligation under the terms of any applicable Letter of Credit to require the presentation of documents that on their face appear to satisfy any applicable requirements for drawing under such Letter of Credit prior to honoring or paying any such draw); 
 74 

 (vii) the solvency of, or any acts or omissions by, any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit, or any other Person having a role in any transaction or obligation relating to a Letter of Credit, or the existence, nature, quality, quantity, condition, value or other characteristic of any property or services relating to a Letter of Credit; (viii) any failure by Issuer or any of Issuer s Affiliates to issue any Letter of Credit in the form requested by Borrowing Agent, unless Agent and Issuer have each received written notice from Borrowing Agent of such failure within three (3) Business Days after Issuer shall have provided Agent and Borrowing Agent a copy of such Letter of Credit and such error is material and no drawing has been made thereon prior to receipt of such notice; (ix) the occurrence of any Material Adverse Effect; (x) any breach of this Agreement or any Other Document by any party thereto; (xi) the occurrence or continuance of an insolvency proceeding under any Insolvency Law with respect to any Loan Party; (xii) the fact that a Default or an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; (xiii) the fact that the Term shall have expired or this Agreement or the Revolving Commitments have been terminated; and (xiv) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. 2.19. Liability for Acts and Omissions . (a) As between Borrowers, on the one hand, and Issuer, Swing Loan Lender, Agent and Lenders, on the other hand, each Borrower assumes all risks of the acts and omissions of, or misuse of the Letters of Credit by, the respective beneficiaries of such Letters of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, Issuer shall not be responsible for: (i) the form, validity, sufficiency, accuracy, genuineness or legal effect of any document submitted by any party in connection with the application for an issuance of any such Letter of Credit, even if it should in fact prove to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, inaccurate, fraudulent or forged (even if Issuer or any of its Affiliates shall have been notified thereof); (ii) the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign any such Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason; (iii) the failure of the beneficiary of any such Letter of Credit, or any other party to which such Letter of Credit may be transferred, to comply fully with any conditions required in order to draw upon such Letter of Credit or any other claim of any Borrower against any beneficiary of such Letter of Credit, or any such transferee, or any dispute between or among any Borrower and any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any such transferee; (iv) errors, omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any messages, by mail, facsimile or otherwise, whether or not they be in cipher; (v) errors in interpretation of technical terms; (vi) any loss or delay in the transmission or 
 75 

 otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under any such Letter of Credit or of the proceeds thereof; (vii) the misapplication by the beneficiary of any such Letter of Credit of the proceeds of any drawing under such Letter of Credit; or (viii) any consequences arising from causes beyond the control of Issuer, including any act or omission, whether rightful or wrongful, of any present or future de jure or de facto Governmental Body, and none of the above shall affect or impair, or prevent the vesting of, any of Issuer s rights or powers hereunder. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall relieve Issuer from liability for Issuer s gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment or order) in connection with actions or omissions described in such clauses (i) through (viii) of such sentence. In no event shall Issuer or its Affiliates be liable to any Loan Party for any indirect, consequential, incidental, punitive, exemplary or special damages or expenses (including without limitation attorneys fees), or for any damages resulting from any change in the value of any property relating to a Letter of Credit. (b) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Issuer and each of its Affiliates: (i) may rely on any oral or other communication believed in good faith by Issuer or such Affiliate to have been authorized or given by or on behalf of the applicant for a Letter of Credit; (ii) may honor any presentation if the documents presented appear on their face substantially to comply with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit; (iii) may honor a previously dishonored presentation under a Letter of Credit, whether such dishonor was pursuant to a court order, to settle or compromise any claim of wrongful dishonor, or otherwise, and shall be entitled to reimbursement to the same extent as if such presentation had initially been honored, together with any interest paid by Issuer or its Affiliates; (iv) may honor any drawing that is payable upon presentation of a statement advising negotiation or payment, upon receipt of such statement (even if such statement indicates that a draft or other document is being delivered separately), and shall not be liable for any failure of any such draft or other document to arrive, or to conform in any way with the relevant Letter of Credit; (v) may pay any paying or negotiating bank claiming that it rightfully honored under the laws or practices of the place where such bank is located; and (vi) may settle or adjust any claim or demand made on Issuer or its Affiliates in any way related to any order issued at the applicant s request to an air carrier, a letter of guarantee or of indemnity issued to a steamship agent or carrier or any document or instrument of like import (each an Order and honor any drawing in connection with any Letter of Credit that is the subject of such Order, notwithstanding that any drafts or other documents presented in connection with such Letter of Credit fail to conform in any way with such Letter of Credit. (c) In furtherance and extension and not in limitation of the specific provisions set forth above, any action taken or omitted by Issuer under or in connection with the Letters of Credit issued by it or any documents and certificates delivered thereunder, if taken or omitted in good faith and without gross negligence (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment or order), shall not put Issuer under any resulting liability to any Borrower, Agent or any Lender. 2.20. Mandatory Prepayments . Subject in each case to the Intercreditor Agreement: (a) Subject to Section 7.1 hereof, upon the receipt by any Loan Party of the proceeds of any sale or other disposition of any Collateral (other than Inventory in the Ordinary 
 76 

 Course of Business), Borrowers shall prepay the Advances in an amount equal to the Net Cash Proceeds of such sale or other disposition, such prepayments to be made promptly but in no event more than five (5) Business Days following receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds, and until the date of payment, such proceeds shall be held in trust for Agent; provided, that such Net Cash Proceeds shall not be required to be applied as a mandatory prepayment on such date to the extent that (x) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (y) Loan Parties have delivered an officers certificate to the Agent on or prior to such date stating that such Net Cash Proceeds are expected to be reinvested in fixed or capital assets within six (6) months following the date of such disposition (which officers certificate shall set forth the estimates of the proceeds to be so expended); provided further, that if all or any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds is not so reinvested within such six (6)-month period, such unused portion shall be applied on the last day of such period as a mandatory prepayment as provided in this Section 2.20(a); provided, further, that if the property subject to such disposition constituted Collateral, then all property purchased with the Net Cash Proceeds thereof pursuant to this Section 2.20(a) shall be made subject to the Lien created pursuant to this Agreement in favor of the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders in accordance with Section 6.11. The foregoing shall not be deemed to be implied consent to any such sale or other disposition otherwise prohibited by the terms and conditions hereof. Such prepayments shall be applied to the Advances (including cash collateralization of all Obligations relating to any outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.2(b)). (b) In the event of any issuance or other incurrence of Indebtedness (other than Permitted Indebtedness) by the Loan Parties or the issuance of any Equity Interests by any Loan Party, the Borrowers shall, no later than one (1) Business Day after the receipt by such Loan Party of (i) the Net Cash Proceeds from any such issuance or incurrence of Indebtedness or (ii) the Net Cash Proceeds of any issuance of Equity Interests, as applicable, prepay the Advances in an amount equal to (x) one hundred percent (100 of such Net Cash Proceeds in the case of such incurrence or issuance of Indebtedness and (y) one hundred percent (100 of such Net Cash Proceeds in the case of an issuance of Equity Interests. Such prepayments shall be applied to the Advances. (c) All Net Cash Proceeds received by Borrowers or Agent (i) under any insurance policy on account of damage or destruction of any assets or property of any Borrowers, (ii) as a result of any taking or condemnation of any assets or property, or (iii) under any business interruption insurance, in each case, shall be applied in accordance with Section 6.6 hereof; provided, that, with respect to any Net Cash Proceeds received as a result of the occurrence of an event described in the immediately preceding clauses (i) and (ii) such Net Cash Proceeds shall not be required to be applied as a mandatory prepayment on such date to the extent that (x) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (y) Loan Parties have delivered an officers certificate to the Agent on or prior to such date stating that such Net Cash Proceeds are expected to be reinvested in fixed or capital assets within six (6) months following the date of such casualty event (which officers certificate shall set forth the estimates of the Net Cash Proceeds to be so expended); provided further, that if all or any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds is not so reinvested within such six (6)-month period, such unused portion shall be applied on the last day of such period as a mandatory prepayment as provided in this Section 2.20(c); provided, further, that if the property subject to such casualty event constituted Collateral, then all property purchased with the Net Cash Proceeds thereof pursuant 
 77 

 to this Section 2.20(c) shall be made subject to the Lien created pursuant to this Agreement in favor of the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders in accordance with Section 6.11. (d) Not later than three (3) Business Days following the receipt thereof, Borrowers shall prepay the Advances in an amount equal to the Arbitration Recovery Net Cash Proceeds. Such prepayments shall be applied to the Advances. 2.21. Use of Proceeds . (a) Borrowers shall apply the proceeds of Advances to (i) repay the Indebtedness owing to Existing Lenders under the Existing Loan Documents, (ii) pay fees and expenses relating to the Transactions, and (iii) provide for their working capital needs and reimburse drawings under Letters of Credit. Borrowers shall not use the proceeds of any Revolving Advance to prepay the EICF/CION Term Loan or the Wynnefield Indebtedness. (b) Without limiting the generality of Section 2.21(a) above, neither the Loan Parties nor any other Person which may in the future become party to this Agreement or the Other Documents as a Loan Party, intends to use nor shall they use any portion of the proceeds of the Advances, directly or indirectly, for any purpose in violation of Applicable Law. 2.22. Defaulting Lender. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, in the event any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, all rights and obligations hereunder of such Defaulting Lender and of the other parties hereto shall be modified to the extent of the express provisions of this Section 2.22 so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender. (b) Except as otherwise expressly provided for in this Section 2.22, Revolving Advances shall be made pro rata from Revolving Lenders which are not Defaulting Lenders based on their respective Revolving Commitment Percentages, and no Revolving Commitment Percentage of any Lender or any pro rata share of any Revolving Advances required to be advanced by any Lender shall be increased as a result of any Lender being a Defaulting Lender. Amounts received in respect of principal of any type of Revolving Advances shall be applied to reduce such type of Revolving Advances of each Revolving Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender) in accordance with their Revolving Commitment Percentages; provided, that, Agent shall not be obligated to transfer to a Defaulting Lender any payments received by Agent for Defaulting Lender s benefit, nor shall a Defaulting Lender be entitled to the sharing of any payments hereunder (including any principal, interest or fees). Amounts payable to a Defaulting Lender shall instead be paid to or retained by Agent. Agent may hold and, in its discretion, re-lend to a Borrower the amount of such payments received or retained by it for the account of such Defaulting Lender. (i) Fees pursuant to Section 3.3 hereof shall cease to accrue in favor of such Defaulting Lender. 
 78 

 (ii) If any Swing Loans are outstanding or any Letters of Credit (or drawings under any Letter of Credit for which Issuer has not been reimbursed) are outstanding or exist at the time any such Revolving Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then: (A) Defaulting Lender s Participation Commitment in the outstanding Swing Loans and of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit shall be reallocated among Revolving Lenders which are Non-Defaulting Lenders in proportion to the respective Revolving Commitment Percentages of such Non-Defaulting Lenders to the extent (but only to the extent) that (x) such reallocation does not cause the aggregate sum of outstanding Revolving Advances made by any such Revolving Lender that is a Non-Defaulting Lender plus such Revolving Lender s reallocated Participation Commitment in the outstanding Swing Loans plus such Lender s reallocated Participation Commitment in the aggregate Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit to exceed the Revolving Commitment Amount of any such Non-Defaulting Lender, and (y) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at such time; (B) if the reallocation described in clause (A) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, Borrowers shall within one Business Day following notice by Agent (x) first, prepay any outstanding Swing Loans that cannot be reallocated, and (y) second, cash collateralize for the benefit of Issuer, Borrowers obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (A) above) in accordance with Section 3.2(b) hereof for so long as such Obligations are outstanding; (C) if Borrowers cash collateralize any portion of such Defaulting Lender s Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit pursuant to clause (B) above, Borrowers shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 3.2(a) hereof with respect to such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit during the period such Defaulting Lender s Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit are cash collateralized; (D) if Defaulting Lender s Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit is reallocated pursuant to clause (A) above, then the fees payable to Revolving Lenders pursuant to Section 3.2(a) hereof shall be adjusted and reallocated to Revolving Lenders which are Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with such reallocation; and (E) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clauses (A) or (B) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of Issuer or any other Lender hereunder, all Letter of Credit Fees payable under Section 3.2(a) hereof with respect to such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit shall be payable to the Issuer (and not to such Defaulting Lender) until (and then only to the extent that) 
 79 

 such Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit is reallocated and/or cash collateralized; and (F) so long as any Revolving Lender is a Defaulting Lender, Swing Loan Lender shall not be required to fund any Swing Loans and Issuer shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless such Issuer is satisfied that the related exposure and Defaulting Lender s Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit and all Swing Loans (after giving effect to any such issuance, amendment, increase or funding) will be fully allocated to Revolving Lenders which are Non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral for such Letters of Credit will be provided by Borrowers in accordance with clause (A) and (B) above, and participating interests in any newly made Swing Loan or any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among Non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.22(b)(iii)(A) above (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). (c) A Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to give instructions to Agent or to approve, disapprove, consent to or vote on any matters relating to this Agreement and the Other Documents, and all amendments, waivers and other modifications of this Agreement and the Other Documents may be made without regard to a Defaulting Lender and, for purposes of the definition of Required Lenders , a Defaulting Lender shall not be deemed to be a Lender, to have any outstanding Advances or a Revolving Commitment Percentage. (d) Other than as expressly set forth in this Section 2.22, the rights and obligations of a Defaulting Lender (including the obligation to indemnify Agent) and the other parties hereto shall remain unchanged. Nothing in this Section 2.22 shall be deemed to release any Defaulting Lender from its obligations under this Agreement and the Other Documents, shall alter such obligations, shall operate as a waiver of any default by such Defaulting Lender hereunder, or shall prejudice any rights which any Borrower, Agent or any Lender may have against any Defaulting Lender as a result of any default by such Defaulting Lender hereunder. (e) In the event that Agent, Borrowers, Swing Loan Lender and Issuer agree in writing that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then Agent will so notify the parties hereto, and, if such cured Defaulting Lender is a Revolving Lender, then Participation Commitments of Revolving Lenders (including such cured Defaulting Lender) of the Swing Loans and Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit shall be reallocated to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Revolving Commitment, and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Revolving Advances of the other Lenders as Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Revolving Advances in accordance with its Revolving Commitment Percentage. 
 80 

 (f) If Swing Loan Lender or Issuer has a good faith belief that any Revolving Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, Swing Loan Lender shall not be required to fund any Swing Loans and Issuer shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless Swing Loan Lender or Issuer, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with Borrowers or such Lender, satisfactory to Swing Loan Lender or Issuer, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. 2.23. Payment of Obligations . Agent may charge to Borrowers Account as a Revolving Advance or, at the discretion of Swing Loan Lender, as a Swing Loan (i) all payments with respect to any of the Obligations required hereunder (including without limitation principal payments, payments of interest, payments of Letter of Credit Fees and all other fees provided for hereunder and payments under Sections 16.5 and 16.9 hereof) as and when each such payment shall become due and payable (whether as regularly scheduled, upon or after acceleration, upon maturity or otherwise), (ii) without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause (i), (a) all amounts expended by Agent or any Lender pursuant to Sections 4.2 or 4.3 hereof and (b) all expenses which Agent incurs in connection with the forwarding of Advance proceeds and the establishment and maintenance of any Blocked Accounts or Depository Accounts as provided for in Section 4.8(h) hereof, and (iii) any sums expended by Agent or any Lender due to any Loan Party s failure to perform or comply with its obligations under this Agreement or any Other Document including any Loan Party s obligations under Sections 3.3, 3.4, 4.4, 4.7, 6.4, 6.6, 6.7 and 6.8 hereof, and all amounts so charged shall be added to the Obligations and shall be secured by the Collateral. To the extent Revolving Advances are not actually funded by the other Lenders in respect of any such amounts so charged, all such amounts so charged shall be deemed to be Revolving Advances made by and owing to Agent and Agent shall be entitled to all rights (including accrual of interest) and remedies of a Lender under this Agreement and the Other Documents with respect to such Revolving Advances. III. INTEREST AND FEES. 3.1. Interest . Interest on Advances shall be payable in arrears (a) on the first Business Day of each month with respect to Domestic Rate Loans, CDOR Rate Loans and Canadian Base Rate Loans, (b) with respect to Term SOFR Rate Loans having an Interest Period of one or three at the end of the applicable Interest Period and (c) with respect to Term SOFR Rate Loans having an Interest Period in excess of three months, at the end of each three month period during such Interest Period. Interest charges shall be computed on the actual principal amount of Advances outstanding during the applicable month at a rate per annum equal to (i) with respect to Revolving Advances, the applicable Revolving Interest Rate plus the SOFR Adjustment for the applicable Interest Period, and (ii) with respect to Swing Loans, the Revolving Interest Rate for Domestic Rate Loans, (as applicable, the Contract Rate ). Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, any Obligations other than the Advances that are not paid when due shall accrue interest at the Revolving Interest Rate for Domestic Rate Loans, subject to the provision of the final sentence of this Section 3.1 regarding the Default Rate. Whenever, subsequent to the Closing Date, the Alternate Base Rate, the Alternate Canadian Base Rate or the CDOR Rate is increased or decreased, the applicable Contract Rate shall be similarly changed without notice or demand of any kind by an amount equal to the amount of such change in the Alternate Base Rate or the CDOR Rate during the time such change or changes remain in effect. The Term SOFR Rate shall be adjusted with respect to Term SOFR Rate Loans without notice or demand of any kind on the effective date of any change in the SOFR Reserve Percentage as of such effective date. Upon and after the occurrence of an Event of Default, and during the continuation thereof, at the option of Agent or at the direction of Required Lenders (or, in the case of any Event of Default under Section 10.7 hereof, immediately and automatically 
 81 

 upon the occurrence of any such Event of Default without the requirement of any affirmative action by any party), the Obligations shall bear interest at the applicable Contract Rate plus two percent (2 per annum (as applicable, the Default Rate ). 3.2. Letter of Credit Fees; Cash Collateral . (a) Borrowers shall pay (x) to Agent, for the ratable benefit of Revolving Lenders, fees for each outstanding Letter of Credit for the period from and excluding the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit to and including the date of expiration or termination, equal to the daily face amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit multiplied by the Applicable Margin and the SOFR Adjustment for Revolving Advances consisting of Term SOFR Rate Loans with an Interest Period of one-month, such fees to be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual number of days elapsed and to be payable quarterly in arrears on the first day of each calendar quarter and on the last day of the Term, and (y) to the applicable Issuer, a fronting fee in the amount of one quarter of one percent (0.25 per annum times the daily face amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit for the period from and excluding the date of issuance of same to and including the date of expiration or termination, to be payable quarterly in arrears on the first day of each calendar quarter and on the last day of the Term (all of the foregoing fees, the Letter of Credit Fees ). In addition, Borrowers shall pay to Agent, for the benefit of Issuer, any and all administrative, issuance, amendment, payment and negotiation charges with respect to Letters of Credit and all fees and expenses as agreed upon by Issuer and Borrowing Agent in connection with any Letter of Credit, including in connection with the opening, amendment or renewal of any such Letter of Credit and any acceptances created thereunder, all such charges, fees and expenses, if any, to be payable on demand. All such charges shall be deemed earned in full on the date when the same are due and payable hereunder and shall not be subject to rebate or pro-ration upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason. Any such charge in effect at the time of a particular transaction shall be the charge for that transaction, notwithstanding any subsequent change in Issuer s prevailing charges for that type of transaction. Upon and after the occurrence of an Event of Default, and during the continuation thereof, at the option of Agent or at the direction of the Required Lenders (or, in the case of any Event of Default under Section 10.7 hereof, immediately and automatically upon the occurrence of any such Event of Default without the requirement of any affirmative action by any party), the Letter of Credit Fees described in clause (x) of this Section 3.2(a) shall be increased by an additional two percent (2.0 per annum. (b) At any time following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, at the option of Agent or at the direction of the Required Lenders (or, in the case of any Event of Default under Section 10.7 hereof, immediately and automatically upon the occurrence of such Event of Default, without the requirement of any affirmative action by any party), or on the last day of the Term or any other termination of this Agreement (and also, if applicable, in connection with any mandatory prepayment under Section 2.20 hereof), Borrowers will cause cash to be deposited and maintained in an account with Agent, as cash collateral, in an amount equal to one hundred and five percent (105 of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit (or, in the case of each Letter of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars, one hundred and ten percent (110 of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of such Letter of Credit), and each Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes Agent, in its discretion, on such Borrower s behalf and in such Borrower s name, to open such 
 82 

 an account and to make and maintain deposits therein, or in an account opened by such Borrower, in the amounts required to be made by such Borrower, out of the proceeds of Receivables or other Collateral or out of any other funds of such Borrower coming into any Lender s possession at any time. Agent may, in its discretion, invest such cash collateral (less applicable reserves) in such short-term money-market items as to which Agent and such Borrower mutually agree (or, in the absence of such agreement, as Agent may select) and the net return on such investments shall be credited to such account and constitute additional cash collateral, or Agent may (notwithstanding the foregoing) establish the account provided for under this Section 3.2(b) as a non-interest bearing account and in such case Agent shall have no obligation (and Borrowers hereby waive any claim) under Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code, the PPSA or under any other Applicable Law to pay interest on such cash collateral being held by Agent. No Borrower may withdraw amounts credited to any such account except upon the occurrence of all of the following: (x) Payment in Full of all of the Obligations; (y) expiration of all Letters of Credit; and (z) termination of the Commitments and of this Agreement. Borrowers hereby assign, pledge and grant to Agent, for its benefit and the ratable benefit of Issuer, Lenders and each other Secured Party, a continuing security interest in and to and Lien on any such cash collateral and any right, title and interest of Borrowers in any deposit account, securities account or investment account into which such cash collateral may be deposited from time to time to secure the Obligations, specifically including all Obligations with respect to any Letters of Credit. Borrowers agree that upon the coming due of any Reimbursement Obligations (or any other Obligations, including Obligations for Letter of Credit Fees) with respect to the Letters of Credit, Agent may use such cash collateral to pay and satisfy such Obligations. 3.3. Unused Line Fee . If, for any day in each calendar quarter during the Term, the daily unpaid balance of the sum of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of all Revolving Advances plus the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of all Swing Loans plus the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit (the Usage Amount does not equal the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount, then Borrowers shall pay to Agent, for the ratable benefit of Revolving Lenders based on their Revolving Commitment Percentages, a fee at a rate equal to one quarter of one percent (0.25 per annum for each such day on the amount by which the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount on such day exceeds such Usage Amount (the Unused Line Fee ). The Unused Line Fee shall be payable to Agent in arrears on the first Business Day of each calendar quarter with respect to each day in the previous calendar quarter and on the last day of the Term with respect to the period ending on the last day of the Term. 3.4. Fee Letter . Borrowers shall pay the amounts required to be paid in the Fee Letter in the manner and on the dates required by the Fee Letter. 3.5. Computation of Interest and Fees . Interest and fees hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of (a) with respect to Term SOFR Rate Loans and fees, three hundred sixty (360) days and for the actual number of days elapsed, and (b) with respect to Domestic Rate Loans, Canadian Base Rate Loans and CDOR Rate Loans, three hundred sixty five (365) days and for the actual number of days elapsed. If any payment to be made hereunder becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, the due date thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and interest thereon shall be payable at the applicable Contract Rate during such extension. For the purposes of the Interest Act (Canada), the yearly rate of interest to which any rate calculated on the basis of a period of time different from the actual 
 83 

 number of days in the year (360 days, for example) is equivalent is the stated rate multiplied by the actual number of days in the year (365 or 366, as applicable) and divided by the number of days in the shorter period (360 days, in the example), and the parties hereto acknowledge that there is a material distinction between the nominal and effective rates of interest and that they are capable of making the calculations necessary to compare such rates and that the calculations herein are to be made using the nominal rate method and not on any basis that gives effect to the principle of deemed reinvestment of interest. Each Loan Party confirms that it understands and is able to calculate the rate of interest applicable to advances made under this Agreement based on the methodology for calculating per annum rates provided for herein. Each Loan Party irrevocably agrees not to plead or assert, whether by way of defense or otherwise, in any proceeding relating to this Agreement or any Other Documents, that the interest payable hereunder and the calculation thereof has not been adequately disclosed to them as required pursuant to Section 4 of the Interest Act (Canada). 3.6. Maximum Charges . In no event whatsoever shall interest and other charges charged hereunder exceed the highest rate permissible under Applicable Law. In the event interest and other charges as computed hereunder would otherwise exceed the highest rate permitted under Applicable Law: (a) the interest rates hereunder will be reduced to the maximum rate permitted under Applicable Law; (b) such excess amount shall be first applied to any unpaid principal balance owed by Borrowers; and (c) if then remaining excess amount is greater than the previously unpaid principal balance, Lenders shall promptly refund such excess amount to Borrowers and the provisions hereof shall be deemed amended to provide for such permissible rate. If any provision of this Agreement would oblige a Canadian Loan Party to make any payment of interest or other amount payable to any Lender in an amount or calculated at a rate which would be prohibited by Applicable Law or would result in a receipt by that Lender of interest at a criminal rate (as such terms are construed under the Criminal Code (Canada)), then, notwithstanding such provision, such amount or rate shall be deemed to have been adjusted with retroactive effect to the maximum amount or rate of interest, as the case may be, as would not be so prohibited by law or so result in a receipt by that Lender of interest at a criminal rate , such adjustment to be effected, to the extent necessary (but only to the extent necessary), as follows: (i) first, by reducing the amount or rate of interest required to be paid to the affected Lender under this Section; and (ii) thereafter, by reducing any fees, commissions, costs, expenses, premiums and other amounts required to be paid to the affected Lender which would constitute interest for purposes of section 347 of the Criminal Code (Canada). 3.7. Increased Costs . In the event that any Applicable Law or any Change in Law or compliance by any Lender (for purposes of this Section 3.7, the term Lender shall include Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Issuer or Lender and any corporation or bank controlling Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Issuer and the office or branch where Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Issuer (as so defined) makes or maintains any Term SOFR Rate Loans or CDOR Rate Loans) with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or other financial, monetary or other authority, shall: (a) subject Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Issuer to any tax of any kind whatsoever with respect to this Agreement, any Letter of Credit, any participation in a Letter of Credit, any Term SOFR Rate Loan or any CDOR Rate Loan, or change the basis of taxation of payments to Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender or Issuer in respect thereof 
 84 

 (except for Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes covered by Section 3.10 and the imposition of, or any change in the rate of, any Excluded Tax payable by Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender or the Issuer); (b) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, assessment, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets held by, or deposits in or for the account of, advances or loans by, or other credit extended by, any office of Agent, Swing Loan Lender, Issuer or any Lender, including pursuant to Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; or (c) impose on Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Issuer any other condition, loss or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or any Other Document or any Advance made by any Lender, or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Issuer of making, converting to, continuing, renewing or maintaining its Advances hereunder by an amount that Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender or Issuer deems to be material or to reduce the amount of any payment (whether of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of any of the Advances by an amount that Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender or Issuer deems to be material, then, in any case Borrowers shall promptly pay Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender or Issuer, upon its demand, such additional amount as will compensate Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender or Issuer for such additional cost or such reduction, as the case may be, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to increased costs which are reflected in the Term SOFR Rate or CDOR Rate, as the case may be. Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender or Issuer shall certify the amount of such additional cost or reduced amount to Borrowing Agent, and such certification shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 3.8. Alternate Rate of Interest; Interest Rate Inadequate or Unfair . In the event that Agent or any Lender shall have determined that: (a) reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining, the Term SOFR Rate applicable pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof for any Interest Period, or the CDOR Rate; (b) U.S. Dollar deposits (or bankers acceptances) in the relevant amount and for the relevant maturity are not available, with respect to an outstanding Term SOFR Rate Loan (or a CDOR Rate Loan), a proposed Term SOFR Rate Loan (or CDOR Rate Loan), or a proposed conversion of a Domestic Rate Loan into a Term SOFR Rate Loan; (c) the making, maintenance or funding of any Term SOFR Rate Loan or CDOR Rate Loan has been made impracticable or unlawful by compliance by Agent or such Lender in good faith with any Applicable Law or any interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Body or with any request or directive of any such Governmental Body (whether or not having the force of law); or (d) the Term SOFR Rate or the CDOR Rate will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to any Lender of the establishment or maintenance of any Term SOFR Rate Loan 
 85 

 or CDOR Rate Loan and Lenders have provided notice of such determination to Agent, then Agent shall give Borrowing Agent prompt written or telephonic notice of such determination. If, with respect to any Term SOFR Rate Loan, such notice is given prior to a Benchmark Replacement Date (as defined below), (i) any such requested Term SOFR Rate Loan shall be made as a Domestic Rate Loan, unless Borrowing Agent shall notify Agent no later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time) two (2) Business Days prior to the date of such proposed borrowing, that its request for such borrowing shall be cancelled or made as an unaffected type of Term SOFR Rate Loan, (ii) any Domestic Rate Loan or Term SOFR Rate Loan which was to have been converted to an affected type of Term SOFR Rate Loan shall be continued as or converted into a Domestic Rate Loan, or, if Borrowing Agent shall notify Agent, no later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time) two (2) Business Days prior to the proposed conversion, shall be maintained as an unaffected type of Term SOFR Rate Loan, and (iii) any outstanding affected Term SOFR Rate Loans shall be converted into a Domestic Rate Loan, or, if Borrowing Agent shall notify Agent, no later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time) two (2) Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the then current Interest Period applicable to such affected Term SOFR Rate Loan, shall be converted into an unaffected type of Term SOFR Rate Loan, on the last Business Day of the then current Interest Period for such affected Term SOFR Rate Loans (or sooner, if any Lender cannot continue to lawfully maintain such affected Term SOFR Rate Loan), and until such notice has been withdrawn, Lenders shall have no obligation to make an affected type of Term SOFR Rate Loan or maintain outstanding affected Term SOFR Rate Loans and no Borrower shall have the right to convert a Domestic Rate Loan or an unaffected type of Term SOFR Rate Loan into an affected type of Term SOFR Rate Loan. If, with respect to any CDOR Rate Loan, such notice is given prior to a CDOR Benchmark Replacement Date (as defined below), (i) any such requested CDOR Rate Loan shall be made as a Canadian Base Rate Loan, unless Borrowing Agent shall notify Agent no later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time) two (2) Business Days prior to the date of such proposed borrowing, that its request for such borrowing shall be cancelled or made as an unaffected type of CDOR Rate Loan, (ii) any outstanding affected CDOR Rate Loans shall be converted into a Canadian Base Rate Loan. 3.8.2 Benchmark Replacement Setting . (a) Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any Other Document (and any agreement executed in connection with an Interest Rate Hedge shall be deemed not to be an Other Document for purposes of this Section titled Benchmark Replacement Setting ), if a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (A) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Other Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any Other Document and (B) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Other Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement 
 86 

 is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any Other Document so long as the Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. (b) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Agent may make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the Other Documents, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any Other Document. (c) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations . Agent will promptly notify the Borrowing Agent and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Agent will notify the Borrower of, (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to paragraph (d) below and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.8.2, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any Other Document except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.8.2. (d) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any of the Other Documents, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor of such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. (e) Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrowers may revoke any pending request for an Advance bearing interest based on the Term SOFR Rate, conversion to 
 87 

 or continuation of Advances bearing interest based on the Term SOFR Rate to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrowers will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Domestic Rate Loan. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Base Rate. (f) Certain Defined Terms . As used in this Section 3.8.2: Available Tenor shall mean, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate or is based on a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or a component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor of such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section 3.8.2. Benchmark shall mean, initially, the Term SOFR Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to this Section 3.8.2. Benchmark Replacement shall mean, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: (1) the sum of (A) Daily Simple SOFR and (B) the SOFR Adjustment for a 1-month Interest Period; (2) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Agent and the Borrowers, giving due consideration to (x) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (y) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention, for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (B) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the Other Documents; provided further that any Benchmark Replacement shall be administratively feasible as determined by the Agent in its sole discretion. 
 88 

 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment shall mean, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustments, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Agent and the Borrowing Agent giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. Benchmark Replacement Date shall mean a date and time determined by the Agent, which date shall be no later than the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (A) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (B) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date determined by the Agent, which date shall promptly follow the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Event shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (2) a public statement or publication of information by a Governmental Body having jurisdiction over the Agent, the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
 89 

 administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or; or (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or a Governmental Body having jurisdiction over the Agent announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. For avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Unavailability Period shall mean the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Other Document in accordance with this Section 3.8.2 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Other Document in accordance with this Section 3.8.2. Floor shall means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Term SOFR Rate or, if no floor is specified, zero. Relevant Governmental Body shall mean the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement shall means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 3.8.3 Benchmark Replacement Setting . (a) Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the Other Documents, if Agent determines that a CDOR Benchmark Transition Event or an CDOR Early Opt-in Event has occurred, Agent may amend this Agreement to replace the CDOR Rate with a CDOR Benchmark Replacement in accordance with this Section 3.8.3; and any such amendment shall be in writing, shall specify the date that the CDOR Benchmark Replacement is effective and will not require any further action or consent of any 
 90 

 other party to this Agreement, including the Borrower. Until the CDOR Benchmark Replacement is effective, each advance, conversion and renewal of a CDOR Rate Loan will continue to bear interest with reference to the CDOR Rate; provided, however, during a CDOR Benchmark Unavailability Period (i) any pending selection of, conversion to or renewal of a CDOR Rate Loan that has not yet gone into effect shall be deemed to be a selection of, conversion to or renewal of a Canadian Base Rate Loan, (ii) all outstanding CDOR Rate Loans shall automatically be converted to Canadian Base Rate Loans, and (iii) if Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Event has occurred, the component of the Alternate Canadian Base Rate based upon the CDOR Rate will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Canadian Base Rate. (b) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the implementation of a CDOR Benchmark Replacement, Agent will have the right to make CDOR Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the Other Documents, any amendments implementing such CDOR Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. (c) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations . Agent will promptly notify Borrowing Agent of (i) the effectiveness of any CDOR Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and (ii) the commencement of any CDOR Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by Agent pursuant to this Section 3.8.3 including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.8.3. (d) Certain Defined Terms . As used in this Section 3.8.3: CDOR Benchmark Replacement means the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by Agent and Borrowing Agent giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Canadian Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a rate of interest as a replacement to the CDOR Rate for Canadian Dollar-denominated credit facilities and (b) the CDOR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if the CDOR Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than zero, the CDOR Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. CDOR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the CDOR Rate with an alternate benchmark rate for each applicable Interest Period, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by Agent and Borrowing Agent (a) giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the CDOR Rate with the applicable CDOR Benchmark Replacement (excluding 
 91 

 such spread adjustment) by the Relevant Canadian Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for such replacement of the CDOR Rate for Canadian Dollar denominated credit facilities at such time and (b) which may also reflect adjustments to account for (i) the effects of the transition from the CDOR Rate to the CDOR Benchmark Replacement and (ii) yield- or risk-based differences between the CDOR Rate and the CDOR Benchmark Replacement. CDOR Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any CDOR Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of CDOR Rate , the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other administrative matters) that Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such CDOR Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of the CDOR Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as Agent decides is necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement). CDOR Benchmark Replacement Date means the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to the CDOR Rate: (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of CDOR Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the CDOR Rate permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the CDOR Rate; or (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of CDOR Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. CDOR Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the CDOR Rate: (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the CDOR Rate announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the CDOR Rate, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the CDOR Rate; (2) a public statement or publication of information by a Governmental Body having jurisdiction over Agent, the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the CDOR Rate, the Bank of Canada, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the CDOR Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the CDOR Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the CDOR Rate, which states that the administrator of the 
 92 

 CDOR Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the CDOR Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the CDOR Rate; or (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the CDOR Rate or a Governmental Body having jurisdiction over Agent announcing that the CDOR Rate is no longer representative. CDOR Benchmark Unavailability Period means, if a CDOR Benchmark Transition Event and its related CDOR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the CDOR Rate and solely to the extent that the CDOR Rate has not been replaced with a CDOR Benchmark Replacement, the period (x) beginning at the time that such CDOR Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no CDOR Benchmark Replacement has replaced the CDOR Rate for all purposes hereunder in accordance with Section 3.8.2 and (y) ending at the time that a CDOR Benchmark Replacement has replaced the CDOR Rate for all purposes hereunder pursuant to Section 3.8.3. CDOR Early Opt-in Event means a determination by Agent that Canadian Dollar denominated credit facilities being executed at such time, or that include language similar to that contained in this Section 3.8.3, are being executed or amended, as applicable, to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace the CDOR Rate. Relevant Canadian Governmental Body means the Bank of Canada, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Canada or any successor thereto. 3.9. Capital Adequacy . (a) In the event that Agent, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender shall have determined that any Applicable Law or guideline regarding capital adequacy, or any Change in Law or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Body, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by Agent, Swing Loan Lender, Issuer or any Lender (for purposes of this Section 3.9, the term Lender shall include Agent, Swing Loan Lender, Issuer or any Lender and any corporation or bank controlling Agent, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender and the office or branch where Agent, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender (as so defined) makes or maintains any Term SOFR Rate Loans or CDOR Rate Loans) with any request or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on Agent, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender s capital as a consequence of its obligations hereunder (including the making of any Swing Loans) to a level below that which Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender could have achieved but for such adoption, change or compliance (taking into consideration Agent s, Swing Loan Lender s and each Lender s policies with respect to capital adequacy) by an amount deemed by Agent, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender to be material, then, from time to time, Borrowers shall pay upon demand to Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender for such reduction. In determining such amount or amounts, Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender may use any reasonable averaging or attribution methods. The protection 
 93 

 of this Section 3.9 shall be available to Agent, Swing Loan Lender and each Lender regardless of any possible contention of invalidity or inapplicability with respect to the Applicable Law, rule, regulation, guideline or condition. (b) A certificate of Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender setting forth such amount or amounts as shall be necessary to compensate Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender with respect to Section 3.9(a) hereof when delivered to Borrowing Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 3.10. Taxes . (a) Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section 3.10, the term Lender includes any Issuer, Swing Loan Lender or any Participant and the term Applicable Law includes FATCA. (b) Payment Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any Obligations of any Loan Party under this Agreement or any Other Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law. If any Applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Body in accordance with Applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) Agent or any Lender, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. Notwithstanding the submission of documentation by any Lender under Section 3.10(g) hereof claiming a reduced rate of or exemption from U.S. withholding Tax, Agent shall be entitled to withhold United States federal income Taxes at the full 30 withholding rate if in its judgment it is required to do so under the due diligence requirements imposed upon Agent under 1.1441-7(b) of the United States Income Tax Regulations or other Applicable Law. (c) Payment of Other Taxes by the Loan Parties . The Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Body in accordance with Applicable Law, or at the option of Agent, promptly reimburse Agent for the payment of, any Other Taxes. (d) Indemnification by the Loan Parties . Each Loan Party shall jointly and severally indemnify Agent and each Lender, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) paid or payable by Agent or any Lender or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, and any penalties, interest and out-of-pocket expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Body. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability 
 94 

 delivered to Borrowers by any Lender (with a copy to Agent), or by Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (e) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), and (ii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by Agent in connection with this Agreement or any Other Document, and any expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Body. In addition, each Lender shall severally indemnify Agent under 1.1461-1(e) of the United States Income Tax Regulations against any claims and demands of any Lender for the amount of any Tax it deducts and withholds in accordance with regulations under 1441 of the Internal Revenue Code. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender hereunder or under any Other Document or otherwise payable by Agent to such Lender from any other source against any amount due to Agent under this subsection (e). (f) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Body pursuant to this Section 3.10, such Loan Party shall deliver to Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Body evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to Agent. (g) Status of Lenders . (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments hereunder or under any Other Document shall deliver to Borrowing Agent and Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by Borrowers or Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation required by Applicable Law as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by Borrowing Agent or Agent, shall deliver such other documentation required by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by Borrowing Agent or Agent as will enable Borrowers or Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Sections 3.10(g)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the applicable Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. (i) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that any Borrower is a U.S. Loan Party, (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to Borrowing Agent and Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of any Borrower or 
 95 

 Agent), two (2) duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding Tax; (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrowing Agent and Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrowing Agent or Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under this Agreement or any Other Document, two (2) duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under this Agreement or any Other Document, two (2) duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; (2) two (2) duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Internal Revenue Code, (x) two (2) duly completed and executed copies of a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 3.10-1 hereto to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrowers within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) two (2) duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN; or (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, two (2) duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by two (2) duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (as applicable), two (2) duly completed and executed copies of a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 3.10-2 or Exhibit 3.10-3 hereto, two (2) duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide two (2) duly completed and executed copies of a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 3.10-4 hereto on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrowers and Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this 
 96 

 Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrowing Agent or Agent), executed copies of any other form required by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be required by Applicable Law to permit the Borrowers or Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and (D) If a payment to a Lender under this Agreement or any Other Document would be subject to U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to Borrowing Agent and Agent at the time or times required by Applicable Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrowers or Agent such documentation required by Applicable Law (including as required by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrowers or Agent as may be necessary for the Borrowers and Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. (ii) Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrowers and Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. (h) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 3.10 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.10), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Body with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this subsection (h) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Body) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Body. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection (h), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this subsection (h) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. (i) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 3.10 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a 
 97 

 Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of the Obligations. 3.11. Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender (an Affected Lender (a) makes demand upon Borrowers for (or if Borrowers are otherwise required to pay) amounts pursuant to Section 3.7, 3.9 or 3.10 hereof, (b) is unable to make or maintain Term SOFR Rate Loans or CDOR Rate Loans as a result of a condition described in Section 2.2(h) hereof, (c) is a Defaulting Lender, or (d) denies any consent requested by Agent pursuant to Section 16.2(b) hereof, Borrowers may, within ninety (90) days of receipt of such demand, notice (or the occurrence of such other event causing Borrowers to be required to pay such compensation or causing Section 2.2(h) hereof to be applicable), or such Lender becoming a Defaulting Lender or denial of a request by Agent pursuant to Section 16.2(b) hereof, as the case may be, by notice in writing to Agent and such Affected Lender (i) request the Affected Lender to cooperate with Borrowers in obtaining a replacement Lender satisfactory to Agent and Borrowers (the Replacement Lender (ii) request the non-Affected Lenders to acquire and assume all of the Affected Lender s Advances and its Revolving Commitment Percentage as provided herein, but none of such Lenders shall be under any obligation to do so; or (iii) propose a Replacement Lender subject to approval by Agent in its good faith business judgment. If any satisfactory Replacement Lender shall be obtained, and/or if any one or more of the non-Affected Lenders shall agree to acquire and assume all of the Affected Lender s Advances and its Revolving Commitment Percentage, then such Affected Lender shall assign, in accordance with Section 16.3 hereof, all of its Advances and its Revolving Commitment Percentage, and other rights and obligations under this Agreement and the Other Documents to such Replacement Lender or non-Affected Lenders, as the case may be, in exchange for payment of the principal amount so assigned and all interest and fees accrued on the amount so assigned, plus all other Obligations then due and payable to the Affected Lender. IV. COLLATERAL: GENERAL TERMS 4.1. Security Interest in the Collateral . To secure the prompt payment and performance to each Secured Party (and each other holder of any Obligations) of the Obligations, each Loan Party (other than the Canadian Loan Parties) hereby assigns, pledges and grants to Agent for its benefit and for the ratable benefit of each Lender, Issuer and each other Secured Party, a continuing security interest in and to and Lien on all of its Collateral, whether now owned or existing or hereafter created, acquired or arising and wherever located. Each Loan Party shall mark its books and records as may be necessary or appropriate to evidence, protect and perfect Agent s security interest and shall cause its financial statements to reflect such security interest and hereby acknowledges and confirms that value has been given, that it has rights in the Collateral and that the parties have not agreed to postpone the time for attachment of any security interest constituted hereby to any of the property, assets or undertakings of any the Loan Parties. Each Loan Party shall provide Agent with written notice of all commercial tort claims promptly upon the occurrence of any events giving rise to any such claims (regardless of whether legal proceedings have yet been commenced), such notice to contain a brief description of the claims, the events out of which such claims arose and the parties against which such claims may be asserted and, if applicable in any case where legal proceedings regarding such claims have been commenced, the case title together with the applicable court and docket number. Upon delivery of each such notice, such Loan Party shall be deemed to thereby grant to 
 98 

 Agent a security interest and lien in and to such commercial tort claims described therein and all proceeds thereof. Each Loan Party shall provide Agent with written notice promptly upon becoming the beneficiary under any letter of credit or otherwise obtaining any right, title or interest in any letter of credit rights, and at Agent s request shall take such actions as Agent may request for the perfection of Agent s security interest therein. 4.2. Perfection of Security Interest . Each Loan Party shall take all action that may be necessary or desirable, or that Agent may request, so as at all times to maintain the validity, perfection, enforceability and priority (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) of Agent s security interest in and Lien on the Collateral or to enable Agent to protect, exercise or enforce its rights hereunder and in the Collateral, including, but not limited to, (a) immediately discharging all Liens other than Permitted Encumbrances, (b) subject to Section 7.20, obtaining Lien Waiver Agreements, (c) delivering to Agent, endorsed or accompanied by such instruments of assignment as Agent may specify, and stamping or marking, in such manner as Agent may specify, any and all chattel paper, instruments, letters of credit and advices thereof and documents evidencing or forming a part of the Collateral, (d) entering into warehousing, lockbox, customs and freight agreements and other custodial arrangements reasonably satisfactory to Agent, and (e) executing and delivering financing statements, control agreements (other than with respect to Excluded Deposit Accounts), instruments of pledge, mortgages (with respect to Material Owned Real Property only), notices and assignments, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, relating to the creation, validity, perfection, maintenance or continuation of Agent s security interest and Lien under the Uniform Commercial Code, PPSA or other Applicable Law. By its signature hereto, each Loan Party hereby authorizes Agent to file against such Loan Party, one or more financing, continuation or amendment statements pursuant to the Uniform Commercial Code or PPSA, as applicable, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent (which statements may have a description of collateral which is broader than that set forth herein, including without limitation a description of Collateral as all assets and/or all personal property of any Loan Party). All charges, expenses and fees Agent may incur in doing any of the foregoing, and any local taxes relating thereto, shall be charged to Borrowers Account as a Revolving Advance of a Domestic Rate Loan and added to the Obligations, or, at Agent s option, shall be paid by the Loan Parties to Agent for its benefit and for the ratable benefit of Lenders immediately upon demand. 4.3. Preservation of Collateral . Following the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default, in addition to the rights and remedies set forth in Section 11.1 hereof, Agent: (a) may at any time take such steps as Agent deems necessary to protect Agent s interest in and to preserve the Collateral, including the hiring of security guards or the placing of other security protection measures as Agent may deem appropriate; (b) may employ and maintain at any of any Loan Party s premises a custodian who shall have full authority to do all acts necessary to protect Agent s interests in the Collateral; (c) may lease warehouse facilities to which Agent may move all or part of the Collateral; (d) may use any Loan Party s owned or leased lifts, hoists, trucks and other facilities or Equipment for handling or removing the Collateral; and (e) shall have, and is hereby granted, a right of ingress and egress to the places where the Collateral is located, and may proceed over and through any Real Property owned or leased by any Loan Party. Each Loan Party shall cooperate fully with all of Agent s efforts to preserve the Collateral and will take such actions to preserve the Collateral as Agent may direct. All of Agent s expenses of preserving the Collateral, including any expenses relating to the bonding of a custodian, shall be 
 99 

 charged to Borrowers Account as a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan and added to the Obligations. 4.4. Ownership and Location of Collateral . (a) With respect to the Collateral, at the time the Collateral becomes subject to Agent s security interest: (i) each Loan Party shall be the sole owner of and fully authorized and able to sell, transfer, pledge and/or grant a first priority Lien (subject only to Permitted Encumbrances and the Intercreditor Agreement) upon each and every item of its respective Collateral to Agent; and, except for Permitted Encumbrances the Collateral shall be free and clear of all Liens whatsoever; (ii) each document and agreement executed by each Loan Party or delivered to Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement shall be true and correct in all respects; (iii) all signatures and endorsements of each Loan Party that appear on such documents and agreements shall be genuine and each Loan Party shall have full capacity to execute same; and (iv) each Loan Party s Equipment and Inventory shall be located as set forth on Schedule 4.4 hereto, as such Schedule may be updated from time to time, and shall not be removed from such locations without the prior written consent of Agent except with respect to the sale of Inventory in the Ordinary Course of Business and Equipment to the extent permitted in Section 7.1(b) hereof. (b) (i) There is no location at which any Loan Party has any Inventory (except for Inventory in transit) or other Collateral other than those locations listed on Schedule 4.4(b)(i) hereto; (ii) Schedule 4.4(b)(ii) hereto contains a correct and complete list, as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, of the legal names and addresses of each warehouse at which Inventory of any Loan Party is stored, and none of the receipts received by any Loan Party from any warehouse states that the goods covered thereby are to be delivered to bearer or to the order of a named Person or to a named Person and such named Person s assigns; (iii) Schedule 4.4(b)(iii) hereto sets forth a correct and complete list as of the Second Amendment Effective Date of (A) each place of business of each Loan Party and (B) the chief executive office of each Loan Party; and (iv) Schedule 4.4(b)(iv) hereto sets forth a correct and complete list as of the Second Amendment Effective Date of the location, by state and street address, of all Real Property owned or leased by each Loan Party, identifying which Real Properties are owned (including whether such owned Real Property constitutes Material Owned Real Property) and which are leased, together with the names and addresses of any landlords or other third parties in possession, custody or control of any Collateral. 4.5. Defense of Agent s and Lenders Interests . Until (a) the Payment in Full of all of the Obligations and (b) termination of the Commitments and termination of this Agreement, Agent s interests in the Collateral shall continue in full force and effect. During such period no Loan Party shall, without Agent s prior written consent, pledge, sell (except for sales or other dispositions otherwise permitted in Section 7.1(b) hereof), assign, transfer, create or suffer to exist a Lien upon or encumber or allow or suffer to be encumbered in any way except for Permitted Encumbrances, any part of the Collateral. Each Loan Party shall defend Agent s interests in the Collateral against any and all Persons whatsoever. At any time following demand by Agent for payment of all Obligations, Agent shall have the right to take possession of the indicia of the Collateral and the Collateral in whatever physical form contained, including: labels, stationery, documents, instruments and advertising materials. If Agent exercises this right 
 100 

 to take possession of the Collateral, the Loan Parties shall, upon demand, assemble it in the best manner possible and make it available to Agent at a place convenient to Agent. In addition, with respect to all Collateral, Agent and Lenders shall be entitled to all of the rights and remedies set forth herein and further provided by the Uniform Commercial Code, PPSA or other Applicable Law. Each Loan Party shall, and Agent may, at its option, instruct all suppliers, carriers, forwarders, warehousers or others receiving or holding cash, checks, Inventory, documents or instruments in which Agent holds a security interest to deliver same to Agent and/or subject to Agent s order and if they shall come into any Loan Party s possession, they, and each of them, shall be held by such Loan Party in trust as Agent s trustee, and such Loan Party will immediately deliver them to Agent in their original form together with any necessary endorsement. 4.6. Inspection of Premises . At all reasonable times and, absent the occurrence of an Event of Default, during normal business hours, and from time to time as often as Agent shall elect in its sole discretion exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, Agent and each Lender shall have full access to and the right to audit, check, inspect and make abstracts and copies from each Loan Party s books, records, audits, correspondence and all other papers relating to the Collateral and the operation of each Loan Party s business. Agent, any Lender and their agents may enter upon any premises of any Loan Party at any time during business hours and at any other time, and from time to time as often as Agent shall elect in its sole discretion, for the purpose of inspecting the Collateral and any and all records pertaining thereto and the operation of such Loan Party s business; provided that, absent the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, (a) neither Agent nor any Lender shall exercise any rights pursuant to this Section 4.6 more than three (3) times during any fiscal year, and (b) Agent or any Lender exercising any rights pursuant to this Section 4.6 shall give the applicable Loan Party or any applicable Subsidiary commercially reasonable prior notice of such exercise. 4.7. Appraisals . Agent may, in its sole discretion, exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, at any time after the Closing Date and from time to time, engage the services of an independent appraisal firm or firms of reputable standing, satisfactory to Agent, for the purpose of appraising the then current values of the Loan Parties assets, and unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Agent shall consult with Borrowing Agent as to the identity of any such firm. In the event the value of the Loan Parties assets, as so determined pursuant to such appraisal, is less than anticipated by Agent or Lenders, such that the Revolving Advances are in excess of such Advances permitted hereunder, then, promptly upon Agent s demand for same, the Borrowers shall make mandatory prepayments of the then outstanding Revolving Advances so as to eliminate the excess Advances. All of the fees and out-of-pocket costs and expenses of any appraisals conducted pursuant to this Section 4.7 shall be paid for when due, in full and without deduction, off-set or counterclaim by Borrowers; provided that, absent the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, Borrowers shall not be required to pay for more than three (3) such appraisals during any fiscal year. 4.8. Receivables; Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts . (a) Each of the Receivables shall be a bona fide and valid account representing a bona fide indebtedness incurred by the Customer therein named, for a fixed sum as set forth in the invoice relating thereto (provided immaterial or unintentional invoice errors 
 101 

 shall not be deemed to be a breach hereof) with respect to an absolute sale or lease and delivery of goods upon stated terms of a Loan Party, or work, labor or services theretofore rendered by a Loan Party as of the date each Receivable is created. Same shall be due and owing in accordance with the applicable Loan Party s standard terms of sale and, to the best of the applicable Loan Party s knowledge, without dispute, setoff or counterclaim except as may be stated on the accounts receivable schedules delivered by the Loan Parties to Agent. (b) Each Customer, to the best of each Loan Party s knowledge, as of the date each Receivable is created, is and will be solvent and able to pay all Receivables on which the Customer is obligated in full when due. With respect to such Customers of any Loan Party who are not solvent, such Loan Party has set up on its books and in its financial records bad debt reserves adequate to cover such Receivables. (c) Each Loan Party s chief executive office is located as set forth on Schedule 4.4(b)(iii) hereto (together with any updated provided pursuant to Section 9.17 hereof). Until written notice is given to Agent by Borrowing Agent of any other office at which any Loan Party keeps its records pertaining to Receivables, all such records shall be kept at such executive office. (d) The Loan Parties shall instruct their Customers to deliver all remittances upon Receivables (whether paid by check or by wire transfer of funds) to such Blocked Accounts and/or Depository Accounts (and any associated lockboxes) as Agent shall designate from time to time as contemplated by Section 4.8(h) hereof or as otherwise agreed to from time to time by Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent any Loan Party directly receives any remittances upon Receivables, such Loan Party shall, at such Loan Party s sole cost and expense, but on Agent s behalf and for Agent s account, collect as Agent s property and in trust for Agent all amounts received on Receivables, and shall not commingle such collections with any Loan Party s funds or use the same except to pay the Obligations, and shall as soon as possible and in any event no later than one (1) Business Day after the receipt thereof (i) in the case of remittances paid by check, deposit all such remittances in their original form (after supplying any necessary endorsements) and (ii) in the case of remittances paid by wire transfer of funds, transfer all such remittances, in each case, into such Blocked Accounts and/or Depository Accounts. Each Loan Party shall deposit in the Blocked Account and/or Depository Account or, upon request by Agent, deliver to Agent, in original form and on the date of receipt thereof, all checks, drafts, notes, money orders, acceptances, cash and other evidences of Indebtedness. (e) At any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent shall have the right to send notice of the assignment of, and Agent s security interest in and Lien on, the Collateral (other than Receivables) to any and all Customers or any third party holding or otherwise concerned with any of the Collateral and to take possession of the Collateral, or both. At any time, Agent shall have the right, exercised in its Permitted Discretion (except that after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default such right shall be exercised in Agent s sole discretion) to send notice of the assignment of, and Agent s security interest in and Lien on, the Receivables to any and all Customers or any third party holding or otherwise concerned with any of the Receivables and Agent shall have the sole right to collect the Receivables. Agent s actual collection expenses, including, but not limited to, stationery and postage, telephone, facsimile, secretarial and clerical expenses and the salaries 
 102 

 of any collection personnel used for collection, may be charged to Borrowers Account and added to the Obligations. (f) Agent shall have the right, exercised in its Permitted Discretion (except that after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default such right shall be exercised in Agent s sole discretion), to receive, endorse, assign and/or deliver in the name of Agent or any Loan Party any and all checks, drafts and other instruments for the payment of money relating to the Receivables, and each Loan Party hereby waives notice of presentment, protest and non-payment of any instrument so endorsed. Each Loan Party hereby constitutes Agent or Agent s designee as such Loan Party s attorney with power (i) at any time, in its Permitted Discretion (except that after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default it shall be in Agent s sole discretion): (A) to endorse such Loan Party s name upon any notes, acceptances, checks, drafts, money orders or other evidences of payment or Collateral; (B) to sign such Loan Party s name on any invoice or bill of lading relating to any of the Receivables, drafts against Customers, assignments and verifications of Receivables; (C) to send verifications of Receivables to any Customer; (D) to sign such Loan Party s name on all agreements, documents or instruments deemed necessary or appropriate by Agent to preserve, protect, or perfect Agent s interest in the Collateral and to file same; and (E) to receive, open and dispose of all mail addressed to any Loan Party at any post office box/lockbox maintained by Agent for the Loan Parties or at any other business premises of Agent; and (ii) at any time following the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default: (A) to demand payment of the Receivables; (B) to enforce payment of the Receivables by legal proceedings or otherwise; (C) to exercise all of such Loan Party s rights and remedies with respect to the collection of the Receivables and any other Collateral; (D) to sue upon or otherwise collect, extend the time of payment of, settle, adjust, compromise, extend or renew the Receivables; (E) to settle, adjust or compromise any legal proceedings brought to collect Receivables; (F) to prepare, file and sign such Loan Party s name on a proof of claim in bankruptcy or similar document against any Customer; (G) to prepare, file and sign such Loan Party s name on any notice of Lien, assignment or satisfaction of Lien or similar document in connection with the Receivables; (H) to accept the return of goods represented by any of the Receivables; (I) to change the address for delivery of mail addressed to any Loan Party to such address as Agent may designate; and (J) to do all other acts and things necessary to carry out this Agreement. All lawful acts of said attorney or designee are hereby ratified and approved, and said attorney or designee taken in accordance with the foregoing shall not be liable for any acts of omission or commission nor for any error of judgment or mistake of fact or of law, unless done maliciously or with gross (not mere) negligence (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment or order); this power being coupled with an interest is irrevocable while any of the Obligations remain unpaid. (g) Neither Agent nor any Lender shall, under any circumstances or in any event whatsoever, have any liability for any error or omission or delay of any kind occurring in the settlement, collection or payment of any of the Receivables or any instrument received in payment thereof, or for any damage resulting therefrom. (h) Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, all proceeds of Collateral (other than Term Loan Priority Collateral) shall be deposited by the Loan Parties into either (i) a lockbox account, dominion account or such other blocked account (each a Blocked 
 103 

 Account and collectively the Blocked Accounts established at a bank or banks as may be acceptable to Agent (each such bank, a Blocked Account Bank and collectively, Blocked Account Banks pursuant to an arrangement with such Blocked Account Bank as may be acceptable to Agent or (ii) depository accounts established at Agent for the deposit of such proceeds Depository Accounts ). Subject to Section 6.16(a) of this Agreement, each applicable Loan Party, Agent and each Blocked Account Bank shall enter into a deposit account control or blocked account agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent that is sufficient to give Agent control (as if Agent s security interest in such Blocked Accounts is able to be perfected by control for purposes of Articles 8 and 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code) over such Blocked Accounts and which directs such Blocked Account Bank to transfer such funds so deposited on a daily basis or at other times acceptable to Agent, to Agent, either to any account maintained by Agent at said Blocked Account Bank or by wire transfer to an appropriate account at Agent. All funds deposited in the Blocked Accounts or Depository Accounts shall immediately become subject to the security interest of Agent, for its own benefit and the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, and Borrowing Agent shall obtain the agreement by each Blocked Account Bank to waive any offset rights against the funds so deposited. Neither Agent nor any Lender assumes any responsibility for such blocked account arrangement, including any claim of accord and satisfaction or release with respect to deposits accepted by any Blocked Account Bank thereunder. Agent shall apply all funds received by it from the Blocked Accounts and/or Depository Accounts to the satisfaction of the Obligations (including the cash collateralization of all Obligations relating to any outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.2(b) hereof) in such order as Agent shall determine in its sole discretion, subject to Borrowers ability to re-borrow Revolving Advances in accordance with the terms hereof, provided that, in the absence of any Event of Default, Agent shall apply all such funds representing collection of Receivables first to the prepayment of the principal amount of the Swing Loans, if any, and then to the Revolving Advances. Furthermore, the parties hereto hereby acknowledge, confirm and agree that the implementation of the cash management arrangements is a contractual right provided to Agent and the Lenders hereunder in order for Agent and the Lenders to manage and monitor their collateral position and not a proceeding for enforcement or recovery of a claim, or pursuant to, or an enforcement of, any security or remedies whatsoever, that the cash management arrangements contemplated herein are critical to the structure of the lending arrangements contemplated herein, that Agent and Lenders are relying on the Loan Parties acknowledgment, confirmation and agreement with respect to such cash management arrangements in making accommodations of credit available to Borrowers and in particular that any accommodations of credit are being provided by the Lenders to Borrowers strictly on the basis of a borrowing base calculation to fully support and collateralize any such accommodations of credit hereunder. (i) No Loan Party will, without Agent s consent, compromise or adjust any material amount of the Receivables (or extend the time for payment thereof) or accept any material returns of merchandise or grant any additional discounts, allowances or credits thereon except for those compromises, adjustments, returns, discounts, credits and allowances as have been heretofore customary in the Ordinary Course of Business of such Loan Party. (j) All deposit accounts (including all Blocked Accounts and Depository Accounts), securities accounts and investment accounts of each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries as of the Second Amendment Effective Date are set forth on Schedule 4.8(j) hereto. No Loan 
 104 

 Party shall open any new deposit account, securities account or investment account with a bank, depository institution or securities intermediary other than Agent unless (i) the Loan Parties shall have obtained the prior written approval of Agent and (ii) if required by Agent in its sole discretion, such bank, depository institution or securities intermediary, each applicable Loan Party and Agent shall first have entered into an account control or blocked account agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent sufficient to give Agent control (as if Agent s security interest in such deposit account is able to be perfected by control for purposes of Articles 8 and 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code) over such account other than an Excluded Deposit Account. (k) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, solely with respect to the Canadian Loan Party Bank Accounts, at any time during a Canadian Cash Dominion Period, Agent shall have the sole and exclusive right to direct, and is hereby authorized to give instructions pursuant to any control agreement or otherwise directing, the disposition of funds in the Blocked Accounts and Depository Accounts of a Canadian Loan Party (any such instructions, an Activation Notice to Agent on a daily basis, either to a deposit account maintained at PNC or by wire transfer to a deposit account by Agent at PNC, which such funds may be applied by Agent to repay the Obligations, and, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to cash collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with Section 3.2(b) hereof. Prior to the occurrence of a Canadian Cash Dominion Period, the Canadian Loan Parties shall retain the right to direct the disposition of funds in the Blocked Accounts. At any time during a Canadian Cash Dominion Period, Agent shall apply all funds received by it from the Blocked Accounts and/or Depository Accounts or a Canadian Loan Party to the satisfaction of the Obligations (including the cash collateralization of all Obligations relating to any outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with the provisions of Section3.2(b) hereof) in such order as Agent shall determine in its Permitted Discretion. 4.9. Inventory . To the extent Inventory held for sale or lease has been produced by any Loan Party, it has been and will be produced by such Loan Party in accordance with the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, modified or supplemented, in the case of Inventory produced by any Loan Party in the United States, and, as the case may be, all rules, regulations and orders thereunder and any equivalent legislation under Canadian Applicable Laws, in the case of Inventory produced by any Loan Party in Canada. 4.10. Maintenance of Equipment . The Loan Parties Equipment shall be maintained in good operating condition and repair (reasonable wear and tear excepted) and all necessary replacements of and repairs thereto shall be made so that the value and operating efficiency of its Equipment shall be maintained and preserved. No Loan Party shall use or operate its Equipment in violation of any law, statute, ordinance, code, rule or regulation, to the extent such violation could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 4.11. Exculpation of Liability . Nothing set forth herein shall be construed to constitute Agent or any Lender as any Loan Party s agent for any purpose whatsoever, nor shall Agent or any Lender be responsible or liable for any shortage, discrepancy, damage, loss or destruction of any part of the Collateral wherever the same may be located and regardless of the cause thereof. Neither Agent nor any Lender, whether by anything herein or in any assignment or otherwise, assume any of any Loan Party s obligations under any contract or agreement assigned to Agent 
 105 

 or such Lender, and neither Agent nor any Lender shall be responsible in any way for the performance by any Loan Party of any of the terms and conditions thereof. 4.12. Financing Statements . Except with respect to the financing statements filed by Agent, the financing statements described on Schedule 1.2 hereto, and any financing statements filed in connection with Permitted Encumbrances, no financing statement covering any of the Collateral or any proceeds thereof is or will be on file in any public office. 4.13. Investment Property Collateral . (a) Each Loan Party has the right to transfer all Investment Property, subject to applicable securities laws and the rules of any applicable stock exchange, owned by such Loan Party free of any Liens other than Permitted Encumbrances and will use commercially reasonable efforts to defend its title to the Investment Property against the claims of all Persons. Each Loan Party shall (i) ensure that each operating agreement, limited partnership agreement and any other similar agreement permits Agent s Lien on the Equity Interests of wholly-owned Subsidiaries (other than Foreign Subsidiaries) arising thereunder, foreclosure of Agent s Lien and admission of any transferee as a member, limited partner or other applicable equity holder thereunder and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to provide that each operating agreement, limited partnership agreement and any other similar agreement with respect to any other Person permits Agent s Lien on the Investment Property of such Loan Party arising thereunder, foreclosure of Agent s Lien and admission of any transferee as a member, limited partner or other applicable equity holder thereunder. (b) Each Loan Party shall, if the Investment Property includes securities or any other financial or other asset maintained in a securities account, cause the custodian with respect thereto to execute and deliver a notification and control agreement or other applicable agreement reasonably satisfactory to Agent in order to perfect and protect Agent s Lien in such Investment Property. (c) Except as set forth in Article XI hereof, (i) the Loan Parties will have the right to exercise all voting rights with respect to the Investment Property and (ii) the Loan Parties will have the right to receive all cash dividends and distributions, interest and premiums declared and paid on the Investment Property to the extent otherwise permitted under this Agreement. In the event any additional Equity Interests are issued to any Loan Party as a stock dividend or distribution or in lieu of interest on any of the Investment Property, as a result of any split of any of the Investment Property, by reclassification or otherwise, any certificates evidencing any such additional shares will be delivered to Agent within ten (10) Business Days and such shares will be subject to this Agreement and a part of the Investment Property to the same extent as the original Investment Property. 4.14. Provisions Regarding Certain Investment Property Collateral . The operating agreement or limited partnership agreement (as applicable) of any Subsidiary (other than a Foreign Subsidiary) of any Loan Party hereafter formed or acquired that is a limited liability company or a limited partnership, shall contain the following language (or language to the same effect): The members of the Company and the Company expressly authorize the pledge of the Membership Interests (the Pledged Collateral to one or more security agents, collateral agents 
 106 

 or other agents for lenders to, or purchasers purchasing notes issued by, the Company and/or its affiliates (any such agents or purchasers in such capacity, together with each of their respective successors and assigns, collectively and individually as the context may require, Agent and Agent s successors and assigns, or to any foreclosure upon or subsequent disposition of such Pledged Collateral by Agent in accordance with the terms and conditions of the security documents governing the pledge of the Pledged Collateral, including any limitations thereon set forth therein (each, a Transfer ). In connection with such Transfer, the assignee shall be admitted as a member and shall have all of the rights and powers (including without limitation voting, control, consent, approval and management rights) of the member that previously owned such Membership Interests without any further consent of any member (including without limitation, the right to remove any or all of the managers of the Company and appoint any representatives or designees of Agent to be a manager and any limitations contained in this Agreement inconsistent with the provisions of the security documents or this Section shall be deemed waived, void and of no further force and effect until all obligations of any nature owing from the Company, its direct or indirect parent entities, and/or its direct or indirect subsidiaries, to the Agent and the lenders and/or note purchasers for which the Agent serves as agent have been paid in full). V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Each Loan Party represents and warrants as follows: 5.1. Authority . Each Loan Party has full power, authority and legal right to enter into this Agreement and the Other Documents to which it is a party and to perform all its respective Obligations hereunder and thereunder. This Agreement and the Other Documents to which it is a party have been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party, and this Agreement and the Other Documents to which it is a party constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and of the Other Documents to which it is a party (a) are within such Loan Party s corporate or company powers, as applicable, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or company action, as applicable, are not in contravention of law or the terms of such Loan Party s Organizational Documents or to the conduct of such Loan Party s business or of any Material Contract or undertaking to which such Loan Party is a party or by which such Loan Party is bound, including the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents and the Wynnefield Loan Documents, (b) will not conflict with or violate any law or regulation, or any judgment, order or decree of any Governmental Body, (c) will not require the Consent of any Governmental Body, any party to a Material Contract or any other Person, except those Consents set forth on Schedule 5.1 hereto, all of which will have been duly obtained prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date and which are in full force and effect and (d) will not conflict with, nor result in any breach in any of the provisions of or constitute a default under or result in the creation of any Lien except Permitted Encumbrances upon any asset of such Loan Party under the provisions of any agreement, instrument, or other document to which such Loan Party is a party or by which it or its property is a party or by which it may be bound, including the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents and the Wynnefield Loan Documents. 
 107 

 5.2. Formation and Qualification . (a) Each Loan Party is duly incorporated or formed, as applicable, and in good standing under the laws of the state or province listed on Schedule 5.2(a) hereto and is qualified to do business and is in good standing in the states or provinces listed on Schedule 5.2(a) hereto which constitute all states and provinces in which qualification and good standing are necessary for such Loan Party to conduct its business and own its property and where the failure to so qualify could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on such Loan Party. Each Loan Party has delivered to Agent true and complete copies of its Organizational Documents and, subject in certain instances to Section 7.15, will promptly notify Agent of any amendment or changes thereto. (b) The only Subsidiaries of the Loan Parties are listed on Schedule 5.2(b) hereto. Schedule 5.2(b) hereto sets forth a true, complete and correct list of all Equity Interests held by Holdings and each Loan Party in each of its Subsidiaries and (ii) includes a true, correct and complete listing of all certificates evidencing all Equity Interests held by Holdings and each Loan Party in each of its Subsidiaries. 5.3. Survival of Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties of such Loan Party in this Agreement and the Other Documents to which it is a party shall be true and correct in all material respects at the time of such Loan Party s execution of this Agreement and the Other Documents to which it is a party, and shall survive the execution, delivery and acceptance thereof by the parties thereto and the closing of the transactions described therein or related thereto. 5.4. Tax Returns . Each Loan Party s federal tax identification number and/or Canadian business number, as applicable, is set forth on Schedule 5.4 hereto. Each Loan Party has filed all federal, state, Canadian, provincial and other material local Tax returns and other material reports each is required by law to file and has paid all such Taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges that are due and payable, except those which are being Properly Contested. The provision for Taxes on the books of each Loan Party is adequate for all years not closed by applicable statutes, and for its current fiscal year, and no Loan Party has any actual knowledge of any deficiency or additional assessment in connection therewith not provided for on its books. 5.5. Financial Statements . (a) The pro forma balance sheet of Holdings on a Consolidated Basis (the Pro Forma Balance Sheet delivered to Agent prior to the Closing Date reflects the consummation of the Transactions and is accurate, complete and correct and fairly reflects in all material respects the financial condition of Holdings on a Consolidated Basis as of the Closing Date after giving effect to the Transactions, and has been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied. The Pro Forma Balance Sheet has been certified as accurate, complete and correct in all material respects by the President and Chief Financial Officer of Borrowing Agent. All financial statements referred to in this Section 5.5(a), including the related schedules and 
 108 

 notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, except as may be disclosed in such financial statements. (b) The twelve-month cash flow and balance sheet projections of Holdings on a Consolidated Basis (the Projections and together with the Pro Forma Balance Sheet, collectively, the Pro Forma Financial Statements delivered to Agent prior to the Closing Date were prepared by the Chief Financial Officer of Holdings, are based on underlying assumptions which provide a reasonable basis for the projections therein, and reflect the Loan Parties judgment based on present circumstances of the most likely set of conditions and course of action for the projected period; provided, the Projections are not to be viewed as facts and that actual results during the period or periods covered by the Projections may differ from such Projections and that the differences may be material. (c) The audited consolidated and consolidating balance sheets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, and such other Persons described therein, as of December 31, 2019, and the related statements of income, changes in stockholder s equity, and changes in cash flow for the period ended on such date, all accompanied by reports thereon containing opinions without qualification by independent certified public accountants, copies of which have been delivered to Agent, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied (except for changes in application to which such accountants concur) and present fairly in all material respects the financial position of Holdings and its Subsidiaries at such date and the results of their operations for such period. The unaudited consolidated and consolidating balance sheets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, and such other Persons described therein, as of September 30, 2020, and the related statements of income, changes in stockholder s equity, and changes in cash flow for the period ended on such date, copies of which have been delivered to Agent, present fairly in all material respects the financial position of Holdings and its Subsidiaries at such date and the results of their operations at such date. (d) Since December 31, 2019, there has been no change in the condition, financial or otherwise, of the Loan Parties as shown on the consolidated balance sheet as of such date and no change in the aggregate value of machinery, Equipment and Real Property owned by the Loan Parties, except changes in the Ordinary Course of Business, none of which individually or in the aggregate has been materially adverse. 5.6. Entity Names . No Loan Party has been known by any other company or corporate name, as applicable, in the past five (5) years and does not sell Inventory under any other name except as set forth on Schedule 5.6 hereto, nor has any Loan Party been the surviving corporation or limited liability company, as applicable, of a merger or consolidation or acquired all or substantially all of the assets of any Person during the preceding five (5) years. 5.7. O.S.H.A. Environmental Compliance; Flood Insurance . (a) Except as set forth on Schedule 5.7 hereto, each Loan Party is in compliance with, and its facilities, business, assets, property, Leasehold Interests, Real Property and Equipment are (to the extent applicable) in compliance with the Federal Occupational Safety and Health Act, and Environmental Laws and there are no outstanding citations, notices or orders of non-compliance issued to any Loan Party or relating to its business, assets, property, 
 109 

 leaseholds or Equipment under any such laws, rules or regulations, except where such non-compliance, citation, notice or order could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. (b) Except as set forth on Schedule 5.7 hereto, each Loan Party (to the extent applicable) has been issued all required federal, Canadian, state, provincial, territorial and local licenses, certificates or permits (collectively, Approvals relating to all applicable Environmental Laws and all such Approvals are current and in full force and effect, except to the extent those which have not been issued or are not current and in full force and effect and the consequences thereof could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. (c) Except as set forth on Schedule 5.7 hereto, and except where the consequences thereof could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect: (i) there have been no releases, spills, discharges, leaks or disposal (collectively referred to as Releases of Hazardous Materials at, upon, under or migrating from or onto any Real Property owned, leased or occupied by any Loan Party, except for those Releases which are in full compliance with Environmental Laws; (ii) there are no underground storage tanks or polychlorinated biphenyls on any Real Property owned, leased or occupied by any Loan Party, except for such underground storage tanks or polychlorinated biphenyls that are present in compliance with Environmental Laws; (iii) all of the Real Property owned, leased or occupied by any Loan Party has never been used by any Loan Party to dispose of Hazardous Materials, except as authorized by Environmental Laws; and (iv) no Hazardous Materials are managed by any Loan Party on any Real Property owned, leased or occupied by any Loan Party, excepting such quantities as are managed in accordance with all applicable manufacturer s instructions and compliance with Environmental Laws and as are necessary for the operation of the commercial business of any Loan Party or of its tenants. (d) All Real Property owned by the Loan Parties is insured pursuant to policies and other bonds which are valid and in full force and effect and which provide adequate coverage from reputable and financially sound insurers in amounts sufficient to insure the assets and risks of each such Loan Party in accordance with prudent business practice in the industry of such Loan Party. Each Loan Party has (to the extent applicable) taken all actions required under the Flood Laws and/or requested by Agent to assist in ensuring that each Lender is in compliance with the Flood Laws applicable to the Collateral, including, but not limited to, providing Agent with the address and/or GPS coordinates of each structure located upon any Material Owned Real Property that will be subject to a mortgage or deed of trust in favor of Agent, and, to the extent required, obtaining flood insurance for such property, structures and contents prior to such property, structures and contents becoming Collateral. 5.8. Solvency; No Litigation, Violation, Indebtedness or Default; ERISA Compliance . (a) (i) Each Loan Party is, and after giving effect to the Transactions, each Loan Party will be, solvent, able to pay its debts as they mature, (ii) each Loan Party has, and after giving effect to the Transactions, each Loan Party will have, capital sufficient to carry on its business and all businesses in which it is about to engage, (iii) as of the Closing Date, the fair present saleable value of the assets of each Loan Party, calculated on a going concern basis, is in excess of the amount of its liabilities, and (iv) subsequent to the Closing Date, the fair saleable 
 110 

 value of the assets of each Loan Party (calculated on a going concern basis) will be in excess of the amount of its liabilities. (b) Except as disclosed in Schedule 5.8(b) hereto, no Loan Party has any pending or, to any Loan Party s knowledge, threatened litigation, arbitration, actions or proceedings that (i) would be reasonably be expected to result in Material Adverse Effect or (ii) could affect the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any Other Document, the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents, the Wynnefield Loan Documents or the consummation of the Transaction. (c) No Loan Party has any outstanding Indebtedness other than the Obligations, except for (i) Indebtedness disclosed in Schedule 5.8(c) hereto and (ii) Indebtedness otherwise permitted under Section 7.8 hereof. (d) No Loan Party is in violation of any applicable statute, law, rule, regulation or ordinance in any respect which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, nor is any Loan Party in violation of any order of any court, Governmental Body or arbitration board or tribunal. (e) No Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group maintains or is required to contribute to any Plan other than those listed on Schedule 5.8(e) hereto. Each Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code and other Applicable Laws and, except as would not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect: (i) Each Loan Party and each member of the Controlled Group has met all applicable minimum funding requirements under Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code in respect of each Pension Benefit Plan, and each Pension Benefit Plan is in compliance with Sections 412, 430 and 436 of the Internal Revenue Code and Sections 206(g), 302 and 303 of ERISA, without regard to waivers and variances; (ii) each Plan which is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code as currently in effect has been determined by the Internal Revenue Service to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and the trust related thereto is exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code or an application for such a determination is currently being processed by the Internal Revenue Code or the Plan is the subject of a favorable opinion or advisory letter from the Internal Revenue Service on the form of such Plan; (iii) neither any Loan Party nor any member of the Controlled Group has incurred any liability to the PBGC other than for the payment of premiums, and there are no premium payments which have become due which are unpaid; (iv) no Pension Benefit Plan has been terminated by the plan administrator thereof nor by the PBGC, and there is no occurrence which would reasonably be expected to cause the PBGC to institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate any Pension Benefit Plan; (v) the current value of the assets of each Pension Benefit Plan exceeds the present value of the accrued benefits and other liabilities of such Pension Benefit Plan and neither any Loan Party nor any member of the Controlled Group knows of any facts or circumstances which would materially change the value of such assets and accrued benefits and other liabilities; (vi) neither any Loan Party nor any member of the Controlled Group has breached any of the responsibilities, obligations or duties imposed on it by ERISA with respect to any Plan; (vii) neither any Loan Party nor any member of the Controlled Group has incurred any liability for any excise tax 
 111 

 arising under Section 4971, 4972 or 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code; (viii) neither any Loan Party nor any member of the Controlled Group nor any fiduciary of, nor any trustee to, any Plan, has engaged in a prohibited transaction described in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code nor taken any action which would constitute or result in a Termination Event with respect to any such Plan which is subject to ERISA; (ix) no Termination Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur; (x) there exists no Reportable ERISA Event; (xi) neither any Loan Party nor any member of the Controlled Group has engaged in a transaction that would reasonably be subject to Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA; (xii) neither any Loan Party nor any member of the Controlled Group maintains or is required to contribute to any Plan which provides health, accident or life insurance benefits to former employees, their spouses or dependents, other than in accordance with Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code; (xiii) neither any Loan Party nor any member of the Controlled Group has withdrawn, completely or partially, within the meaning of Section 4203 or 4205 of ERISA, from any Multiemployer Plan so as to incur liability under the Multiemployer Pension Plan Amendments Act of 1980 and there exists no fact which would reasonably be expected to result in any such liability; and (xiv) no Plan fiduciary (as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA) has any liability for breach of fiduciary duty or for any failure in connection with the administration or investment of the assets of a Plan. (f) Schedule 5.8(f) lists each Canadian Pension Plan (including the applicable registration number(s) and any such plan which contains a defined benefit provision), as such term is defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada) and, except as could not reasonably result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) none of the Canadian Benefit Plans provide retiree welfare benefits or retiree life insurance benefits; (ii) the Canadian Pension Plans are registered under the Income Tax Act (Canada) and all other Applicable Laws which require registration and to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, no event has occurred which is reasonably likely to cause the loss of such registered status; (iii) except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, all material obligations of each of the Loan Parties required to be performed in connection with the Canadian Pension Plans have been performed in a timely fashion, in accordance with the terms of the particular plan, Applicable Law and the terms of all applicable collective bargaining agreements, participation agreements, employment contracts and funding agreements; (iv) except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, all employer and employee payments and contributions (including normal cost , special payments and any other required payments in respect of any funding deficiencies or shortfalls) required to be withheld, made, remitted or paid by the Loan Parties to or in respect of each Canadian Pension Plan have been withheld, made, remitted or paid on a timely basis in accordance with the terms of such plans, any applicable collective bargaining agreement, participation agreement, employment contract and all Applicable Law; (v) to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, no condition exists and no event or transaction has occurred with respect to any Canadian Pension Plan that is reasonably likely to result in any Loan Party incurring any liability, fine or penalty; (vi) no Lien has arisen or exists in respect of a Loan Party or its property in connection with any Canadian Pension Plan; (vii) to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, there are no material outstanding disputes concerning the assets or liabilities of any Canadian Pension Plan; and (viii) no Loan Party has taken any action or intends to take any action to cause the termination or wind-up, in whole or in part, of any Canadian Pension Plan that contains a defined benefit provision as such term is defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada) and each Loan Party is of the reasonable opinion that no 
 112 

 circumstances exist or are expected to arise that would provide any basis for a Governmental Body under Applicable Law to take steps to cause the termination or wind-up, in whole or in part, of any Canadian Pension Plan. (g) No Loan Party currently participates in, contributes to or is obligated to contribute to a pension plan that, if contributed to by a Loan Party would constitute a Canadian Union Plan. 5.9. Intellectual Property . All Intellectual Property owned or utilized by any Loan Party: (a) is set forth on Schedule 5.9 hereto; and (b) constitutes all of the intellectual property rights which are necessary for the operation of its business. Except, in each case, as would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect: (i) such Intellectual Property is valid and has been duly registered or filed with all appropriate Governmental Bodies; (ii) there is no objection to, pending challenge to the validity of, or proceeding by any Governmental Body to suspend, revoke, terminate or adversely modify, any such Intellectual Property and no Loan Party is aware of any grounds for any challenge or proceedings, except as set forth in Schedule 5.9 hereto; (iii) such Intellectual Property owned or held by any Loan Party consists of original material or property developed by such Loan Party or was lawfully acquired by such Loan Party from the proper and lawful owner thereof; and (iv) each of such items has been maintained so as to preserve the value thereof from the date of creation or acquisition thereof, other than with respect to such Intellectual Property that, in the reasonable judgment of such Loan Party, is determined to be uneconomical, negligible or obsolete in the conduct of its business. 5.10. Licenses and Permits . Except as set forth in Schedule 5.10 hereto, each Loan Party (a) is in compliance with and (b) has procured and is now in possession of, all material licenses or permits required by any applicable federal, state, provincial or local law, rule or regulation for the operation of its business in each jurisdiction wherein it is now conducting or proposes to conduct business and where the failure to comply with or procure such licenses or permits could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.11. Default of Indebtedness . No Loan Party is in default in the payment of the principal of or interest on any Indebtedness or under any instrument or agreement under or subject to which any Indebtedness has been issued and no event has occurred under the provisions of any such instrument or agreement which with or without the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, constitutes or would constitute an event of default thereunder. 5.12. No Default . No Loan Party is in default in the payment or performance of any of its contractual obligations and no Default or Event of Default has occurred. 5.13. No Burdensome Restrictions . No Loan Party is party to any contract or agreement the performance of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Loan Party has heretofore delivered to Agent true and complete copies of all Material Contracts to which it is a party or to which it or any of its properties is subject. No Loan Party has agreed or consented to cause or permit in the future (upon the happening of a contingency or otherwise) any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to be subject to a Lien which is not a Permitted Encumbrance, except pursuant to customary 
 113 

 provisions restricting pledges, assignments, subletting or other transfers contained in leases, licenses and similar agreements entered in the Ordinary Course of Business (provided that such restrictions are limited to the property or assets subject to such leases, licenses or agreements). 5.14. No Labor Disputes . No Loan Party is involved in any labor dispute; there are no strikes or walkouts or union organization of any Loan Party s employees in existence or, to any Loan Party s knowledge, threatened, that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and no labor contract is scheduled to expire during the Term other than as set forth on Schedule 5.14 hereto. 5.15. Margin Regulations . No Loan Party is engaged, nor will it engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock within the respective meanings of each of the quoted terms under Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as now and from time to time hereafter in effect. No part of the proceeds of any Advance will be used for purchasing or carrying margin stock as defined in Regulation U of such Board of Governors. 5.16. Investment Company Act . No Loan Party is an investment company registered or required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, nor is it controlled by such a company. 5.17. Swaps . No Loan Party is a party to, nor will it be a party to, any swap agreement whereby such Loan Party has agreed or will agree to swap interest rates or currencies unless same provides that damages upon termination following an event of default thereunder are payable on an unlimited two-way basis without regard to fault on the part of either party. 5.18. Business and Property of the Loan Parties . Upon and after the Second Amendment Effective Date, the Loan Parties do not propose to engage in any types of business other than those substantially the same as engaged in as of the Second Amendment Effective Date or any business reasonably related, and activities necessary to conduct the foregoing. On the Second Amendment Effective Date, each Loan Party will own all the property and possess all of the rights and Consents necessary for the conduct of the business of such Loan Party. 5.19. Ineligible Securities . The Loan Parties do not intend to use and shall not use any portion of the proceeds of the Advances, directly or indirectly, to purchase during the underwriting period, or for 30 days thereafter, Ineligible Securities being underwritten by a securities Affiliate of Agent or any Lender. 5.20. Federal Securities Laws . No Loan Party (other than Holdings) or any of its Subsidiaries (a) is required to file periodic reports under the Exchange Act, (b) has any securities registered under the Exchange Act or (c) has filed a registration statement that has not yet become effective under the Securities Act. 5.21. Equity Interests . The authorized and outstanding Equity Interests of each Loan Party (other than Holdings), and each legal and beneficial holder thereof as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, are as set forth on Schedule 5.21 hereto. All of the Equity Interests of each Loan Party have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid and 
 114 

 non-assessable and have been sold and delivered to the holders hereof in compliance with, or under valid exemption from, all federal and state and provincial laws and the rules and regulations of each Governmental Body governing the sale and delivery of securities. Except for the rights and obligations set forth on Schedule 5.21 hereto, there are no subscriptions, warrants, options, calls, commitments, rights or agreement by which any Loan Party or any of the shareholders of any Loan Party is bound relating to the issuance, transfer, voting or redemption of shares of its Equity Interests or any pre-emptive rights held by any Person with respect to the Equity Interests of the Loan Parties. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.21 hereto, the Loan Parties have not issued any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of its Equity Interests or any options, warrants or other rights to acquire such shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for such shares. 5.22. Commercial Tort Claims . No Loan Party has any commercial tort claims except as set forth on Schedule 5.22 hereto. 5.23. Letter of Credit Rights . As of the Second Amendment Effective Date, no Loan Party has any letter of credit rights except as set forth on Schedule 5.23 hereto. 5.24. Material Contracts . Schedule 5.24 hereto sets forth all Material Contracts of the Loan Parties, which, together with any updates provided pursuant to Section 9.17, are in full force and effect and no material defaults currently exist thereunder. No Loan Party has (i) received any notice of termination or non-renewal of any Material Contract, or (ii) exercised any option to terminate or not to renew any Material Contract, in each case of clauses (i) and (ii) above, prior to the scheduled maturity or termination thereof, and other than as a result of the satisfaction of all contractual obligations thereunder, as applicable. 5.25. Investment Property Collateral . (a) There are no restrictions on the pledge or transfer of any of the Subsidiary Stock other than restrictions referenced on the face of any certificates evidencing such Subsidiary Stock, restrictions under Applicable Law or restrictions stated in the Organizational Documents of such Loan Party with respect thereto, as applicable; (b) each Loan Party is the legal owner of the Investment Property pledged by it hereunder, which is registered in the name of such Loan Party, a custodian or a nominee; (c) the Investment Property is free and clear of any Liens except for Permitted Encumbrances which, in the case of any Investment Property constituting certificated securities, do not have priority over the Liens of Agent thereon; and (d) the pledge of and grant of the security interest in the Investment Property is effective to vest in Agent a valid security interest therein. 5.26. EICF/CION Term Loan Documents/Wynnefield Loan Documents . Agent has received true, correct and complete copies of the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents and the Wynnefield Loan Documents. None of the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents nor the Wynnefield Loan Documents has been amended or supplemented, nor have any of the provisions thereof been waived, except pursuant to a written agreement or instrument which has heretofore been delivered to Agent. 5.27. Certificate of Beneficial Ownership . The Certificate of Beneficial Ownership executed and delivered to Agent and Lenders for each Loan Party (other than Holdings) on or prior to the Closing Date, as updated from time to time in accordance with this Agreement, is 
 115 

 accurate, complete and correct as of the date hereof and as of the date any such update is delivered. 5.28. Disclosure . No representation or warranty made by any Loan Party in this Agreement, the Other Documents, the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents, the Wynnefield Loan Documents or in any financial statement, report, certificate or any other document delivered in connection herewith or therewith contains when furnished any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements herein or therein not misleading. There is no fact known to any Loan Party or which should be known to such Loan Party which such Loan Party has not disclosed to Agent in writing with respect to the Transactions which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.29. Braden Holdings . Holdings is a holding company and does not engage in any operations or business, other than (a) the ownership of 99.998 of the outstanding Equity Interests in Braden Mexico, (b) maintaining its corporate existence pending its dissolution pursuant to Section 6.16(d) hereof, and (c) liabilities, assets, operations and business incidental to the foregoing. VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. Each Loan Party shall, until the Payment in Full of the Obligations, the termination of the Commitments and the termination of this Agreement: 6.1. Compliance with Laws . Comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws with respect to the Collateral or any part thereof or to the operation of such Loan Party s business the non-compliance with which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (except to the extent any separate provision of this Agreement shall expressly require compliance with any particular Applicable Laws pursuant to another standard). 6.2. Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence and Assets . (a) Conduct continuously and operate actively its business according to good business practices and maintain all of its properties useful or necessary in its business in good working order and condition (reasonable wear and tear excepted and except as may be disposed of in accordance with the terms of this Agreement), including all Intellectual Property and take all actions necessary to enforce and protect the validity of any Intellectual Property right or other right included in the Collateral; (b) keep in full force and effect its existence and comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws governing the conduct of its business where the failure to do so could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) make all such reports and pay all such franchise and other taxes and license fees and do all such other acts and things as may be lawfully required to maintain its rights, licenses, leases, powers and franchises under the laws of the United States or Canada any political subdivision thereof; provided, that nothing in this Section 6.2 shall prevent any Loan Party from discontinuing operations of its Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties or its Inactive Subsidiaries in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or maintaining any of the property of its Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties or its Inactive Subsidiaries if such discontinuance is, in the business judgment of such Loan Party, desirable in the conduct of its Subsidiary s business and is not materially adverse to the Lenders. 
 116 

 6.3. Books and Records . Keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries will be made in all material respects of all dealings or transactions of or in relation to its business and affairs (including without limitation accruals for taxes, assessments, Charges, levies and claims, allowances against doubtful Receivables and accruals for depreciation, obsolescence or amortization of assets), all in accordance with, or as required by, GAAP consistently applied in the opinion of such independent public accountant as shall then be regularly engaged by the Loan Parties. 6.4. Payment of Taxes . Pay, when due, all Priority Payables and all Taxes, assessments and other Charges lawfully levied or assessed upon such Loan Party or any of the Collateral, including real and personal property taxes, assessments and charges and all franchise, income, employment, social security benefits, withholding and sales Taxes; provided that no Loan Party shall be required to pay any Tax obligation which is being Properly Contested unless and until the non-payment of such Tax obligation results in a Lien attaching to such Loan Party s property, at which time such Loan Party shall immediately pay the full amount of such Tax obligation. Subject to the foregoing sentence, if any Taxes, assessments or other Charges remain unpaid after the final date fixed for their payment, or if any claim shall be made which, in Agent s reasonable opinion, may possibly create a valid Lien on the Collateral, Agent may without notice to the Loan Parties pay the Taxes, assessments or other Charges and each Loan Party hereby indemnifies and holds Agent and each Lender harmless in respect thereof. Agent will not pay any Taxes, assessments or Charges to the extent that any applicable Loan Party has Properly Contested those Taxes, assessments or Charges. The amount of any payment by Agent under this Section 6.4 shall be charged to Borrowers Account as a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan and added to the Obligations and, until the Loan Parties shall provide Agent with an indemnity therefor (or supply Agent with evidence reasonably satisfactory to Agent that due provision for the payment thereof has been made), Agent may hold without interest any balance standing to the Loan Parties credit and Agent shall retain its security interest in and Lien on any and all Collateral held by Agent. 6.5. Financial Covenants . (a) Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio . Holdings on a Consolidated Basis shall have maintained, as of the end of the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2022, and for each fiscal quarter thereafter for the trailing four fiscal quarter period then ended, a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.10 to 1.00. (b) Minimum EBITDA . Cause to be maintained with respect to Holdings on a Consolidated Basis EBITDA of not less than the amount set forth in the chart below for the periods set forth in the chart below: Testing Period Minimum EBITDA 1 fiscal month ended February 5, 2023 162,000) 2 fiscal months ended March 5, 2023 177,000 3 fiscal months ended April 2, 2023 818,000 4 fiscal months ended May 7, 2023 1,237,000 5 fiscal months ended June 4, 2023 2,218,000 6 fiscal months ended July 2, 2023 3,261,000 
 
 117 

 7 fiscal months ended August 6, 2023 4,166,000 8 fiscal months ended September 3, 2023 5,348,000 9 fiscal months ended October 1, 2023 6,495,000 10 fiscal months ended November 5, 2023 7,270,000 11 fiscal months ended December 3, 2023 7,622,000 12 fiscal months ended December 31, 2023 7,882,000 
 (c) Minimum Liquidity Amount. Beginning with April 19, 2023, Loan Parties shall not permit the Liquidity Amount as of the close of business on Wednesday of each week during such period to be less than the minimum amount set forth in the table below opposite such period and shall deliver to the Agent a Compliance Certificate executed by a Responsible Officer of Loan Parties by the close of business on Friday of each week setting forth the calculations of the Liquidity Amount for such period: Period Liquidity April 19, 2023 May 2, 2023 1,000,000 May 3, 2023 June 6, 2023 2,500,000 June 7, 2023 and with respect to each week thereafter 4,000,000 
 6.6. Insurance . (a) (i) Keep all its insurable properties and properties in which such Loan Party has an interest insured against the hazards of fire, flood, sprinkler leakage, those hazards covered by extended coverage insurance and such other hazards, and for such amounts, as is customary in the case of companies in similar locations engaged in businesses similar to such Loan Party s including business interruption insurance; (ii) maintain a bond in such amounts as is customary in the case of companies in similar locations engaged in businesses similar to such Loan Party insuring against larceny, embezzlement or other criminal misappropriation of insured s officers and employees who may either singly or jointly with others at any time have access to the assets or funds of such Loan Party either directly or through authority to draw upon such funds or to direct generally the disposition of such assets; (iii) maintain public and product liability insurance against claims for personal injury, death or property damage suffered by others; (iv) maintain all such worker s compensation or similar insurance as may be required under the laws of any state or jurisdiction in which such Loan Party is engaged in business; and (v) deliver to Agent (A) copies of all policies and evidence of the maintenance of such policies by the renewal thereof at least thirty (30) days before any expiration date, and (B) appropriate loss payable endorsements in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, naming Agent as an additional insured, lender loss payee and, with respect to coverage on Material Owned Real Property, mortgagee, as applicable, as its interests may appear with respect to all insurance coverage referred to in clauses (i) and (iii) above, and providing (I) that all proceeds thereunder shall be payable to Agent, (II) no such insurance shall be affected by any act or neglect of the insured or owner of the property described in such policy, and (III) that such policy and loss payable clauses may not be cancelled, amended or terminated unless at least thirty (30) days prior written notice is given to Agent (or in the case of non-payment, at least ten (10) days prior 
 118 

 written notice). In the event of any loss thereunder, the carriers named therein hereby are directed by Agent and the applicable Loan Party to make payment for such loss to Agent and not to such Loan Party and Agent jointly. If any insurance losses are paid by check, draft or other instrument payable to any Loan Party and Agent jointly, Agent may endorse such Loan Party s name thereon and do such other things as Agent may deem advisable to reduce the same to cash. (b) Each Loan Party shall take all actions required under the Flood Laws and/or requested by Agent to assist in ensuring that each Lender is in compliance with the Flood Laws applicable to the Collateral, including, but not limited to, providing Agent with the address and/or GPS coordinates of each structure on any Material Owned Real Property that will be subject to a mortgage or deed of trust in favor of Agent, and, to the extent required, obtaining flood insurance for such property, structures and contents prior to such property, structures and contents becoming Collateral, and thereafter maintaining such flood insurance in full force and effect for so long as required by the Flood Laws. (c) Agent is hereby authorized to adjust and compromise claims under insurance coverage referred to in Sections 6.6(a)(i) and (iii) and 6.6(b) above and, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, all loss recoveries received by Agent under any such insurance may be applied to the Obligations, in such order as Agent in its sole discretion shall determine. Any surplus shall be paid by Agent to the Loan Parties or applied as may be otherwise required by law. Any deficiency thereon shall be paid by the Loan Parties to Agent, on demand. If any Loan Party fails to obtain insurance as hereinabove provided, or to keep the same in force, Agent, if Agent so elects, may obtain such insurance and pay the premium therefor on behalf of such Loan Party, which payments shall be charged to Borrowers Account and constitute part of the Obligations. 6.7. Payment of Indebtedness and Leasehold Obligations . Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy (i) at or before maturity (subject, where applicable, to specified grace periods) all of its material Indebtedness, except when the amount or validity thereof is currently being Properly Contested, subject at all times to any applicable subordination arrangement in favor of Agent and the Lenders and (ii) when due its rental obligations under all leases under which it is a tenant, and shall otherwise comply, in all material respects, with all other terms of such leases. 6.8. Environmental Matters . (a) Ensure that all of the Real Property owned or leased by any Loan Party and all operations and businesses conducted thereon are in compliance and remain in compliance with all Environmental Laws in all material respects, and it shall manage any and all Hazardous Materials on any Real Property owned or leased by any Loan Party in compliance with Environmental Laws. (b) Establish and maintain an environmental management and compliance system intended to monitor continued material compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws which system shall include periodic environmental compliance audits to be conducted by knowledgeable environmental professionals. All potential material violations and violations of Environmental Laws shall be reviewed with legal counsel to determine any required reporting to 
 119 

 applicable Governmental Bodies and any required corrective actions to address such potential violations or violations. (c) Respond promptly to any Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Complaint and take all necessary action in order to safeguard the health of any Person and to avoid subjecting the Collateral or Real Property to any Lien. If any Loan Party shall fail to respond promptly to any Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Complaint or any Loan Party shall fail to comply with any of the requirements of any Environmental Laws, to the extent such failure to comply is reasonably likely to result in a fine or penalty in excess of 500,000, Agent on behalf of Lenders may, but without the obligation to do so, for the sole purpose of protecting Agent s interest in the Collateral: (i) give such notices or (ii) enter onto the applicable Real Property (or authorize third parties to enter onto such Real Property) and take such actions as Agent (or such third parties as directed by Agent) deems necessary or advisable, to remediate, remove, mitigate or otherwise manage with any such Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Complaint. All reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by Agent and Lenders (or such third parties) in the exercise of any such rights, including any sums paid in connection with any judicial or administrative investigation or proceedings, fines and penalties, together with interest thereon from the date expended at the Default Rate for Domestic Rate Loans constituting Revolving Advances shall be paid upon demand by the Loan Parties, and until paid shall be added to and become a part of the Obligations secured by the Liens created by the terms of this Agreement or any other agreement between Agent, any Lender and any Loan Party. (d) With respect to any Material Owned Property on which Agent has a mortgage, promptly upon the written request of Agent from time to time, the Loan Parties shall provide Agent, at the Loan Parties expense, with an environmental site assessment or environmental compliance audit report prepared by an environmental engineering firm acceptable in the opinion of Agent, to assess with a reasonable degree of certainty the existence of a Hazardous Discharge and the potential costs in connection with abatement, remediation and removal of any Hazardous Materials found on, under, at or within all of the Real Property owned or leased by any Loan Party. Any report or investigation of such Hazardous Discharge proposed and acceptable to the responsible Governmental Body shall be acceptable to Agent. If such estimates exceed 500,000, Agent shall have the right to require the Loan Parties to post a bond, letter of credit or other security satisfactory to Agent to secure payment of these costs and expenses. 6.9. Standards of Financial Statements . Cause all financial statements referred to in Sections 9.7, 9.8, 9.9, 9.10, 9.11, 9.12 and 9.13 hereof as to which GAAP is applicable to be complete and correct in all material respects (subject, in the case of interim financial statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes) and to be prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods reflected therein (except as disclosed therein and agreed to by such reporting accountants or officer, as applicable). 6.10. Federal Securities Laws . Promptly notify Agent in writing if any Loan Party (other than Holdings) or any of its Subsidiaries (a) is required to file periodic reports under the 
 120 

 Exchange Act, (b) registers any securities under the Exchange Act or (c) files a registration statement under the Securities Act. 6.11. Execution of Supplemental Instruments . Execute and deliver to Agent from time to time, upon demand, such supplemental agreements, statements, assignments and transfers, or instructions or documents relating to the Collateral, and such other instruments as Agent may reasonably request, in order that the full intent of this Agreement may be carried into effect. 6.12. Government Receivables . Take all steps necessary to protect Agent s interest in the Collateral under the Federal Assignment of Claims Act, the Uniform Commercial Code, PPSA, the Financial Administration Act (Canada) and all other applicable state, provincial or local statutes or ordinances and deliver to Agent appropriately endorsed, any instrument or chattel paper connected with any Receivable arising out of any contract between any Loan Party and the United States, Canada any state, province or territory or any department, agency or instrumentality of any of them. 6.13. Keepwell . If it is a Qualified ECP Loan Party, then jointly and severally, together with each other Qualified ECP Loan Party, hereby absolutely unconditionally and irrevocably (a) guarantees the prompt payment and performance of all Swap Obligations owing by each Non-Qualifying Party (it being understood and agreed that this guarantee is a guaranty of payment and not of collection), and (b) undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by any Non-Qualifying Party to honor all of such Non-Qualifying Party s obligations under this Agreement or any Other Document in respect of Swap Obligations (provided, however, that each Qualified ECP Loan Party shall only be liable under this Section 6.13 for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 6.13, or otherwise under this Agreement or any Other Document, voidable under Applicable Law, including Applicable Law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The obligations of each Qualified ECP Loan Party under this Section 6.13 shall remain in full force and effect until the Payment in Full of the Obligations, the termination of the Commitments and the termination of this Agreement and the Other Documents. Each Qualified ECP Loan Party intends that this Section 6.13 constitute, and this Section 6.13 shall be deemed to constitute, a guarantee of the obligations of, and a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each other Loan Party for all purposes of Section 1a(18(A)(v)(II) of the CEA. 6.14. Certificate of Beneficial Ownership and Other Additional Information . Provide to Agent and the Lenders, promptly upon request: (a) confirmation of the accuracy of the information set forth in the most recent Certificate of Beneficial Ownership provided to Agent and Lenders; (b) a new Certificate of Beneficial Ownership, in form and substance acceptable to Agent and each Lender, when the individual(s) to be identified as a Beneficial Owner have changed; and (c) such other information and documentation as may be requested by Agent or any Lender from time to time for purposes of compliance by Agent or such Lender with Applicable Laws (including without limitation the USA Patriot Act and other know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations), and any policy or procedure implemented by Agent or such Lender to comply therewith. 
 121 

 6.15. Canadian Pension Plans . Except when the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each Loan Party shall perform in all material respects all obligations required to be performed by such Borrower in connection with each applicable Canadian Pension Plan and remit all contributions under each applicable Canadian Pension Plan and required to be made or paid by it in accordance with Applicable Law and withhold by way of authorized payroll deductions, or otherwise collect and pay into the applicable Canadian Pension Plan, all employee contributions required to be withheld or collected by it in accordance with the terms of each applicable Canadian Pension Plan or Canadian Benefit Plan and Applicable Law. Each Loan Party shall provide to the Agent (i) a copy of each Canadian Pension Plan, (ii) copies of each annual information return, where applicable, actuarial report (including applicable schedules), and any application for regulatory approval of asset withdrawals other than benefit or individual member account transfers with respect to each Canadian Pension Plan or any fund maintained in respect thereof, and (iii) copies of any notifications or remittances or similar documents prepared and delivered to the trustee or custodian of any Canadian Pension Plan pursuant to section 56.1 of the Pension Benefits Act (Ontario) or similar Applicable Law in another jurisdiction. 6.16. Post-Closing Covenants . Deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Agent, or take, or cause to be taken, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, as promptly as practicable following the Closing Date, but in any event no later than the dates referred to below with respect to each such item (or, in each case, such later date as Agent shall agree in its sole discretion), the items or actions set forth below: (a) Within thirty (30) days following the Closing Date, with respect to any deposit or securities maintained by the Loan Parties at a depository institution other than PNC, the Loan Parties shall either (i) close and move such deposit or securities account to PNC or (ii) deliver to Agent fully executed account control agreements for each such deposit or securities account; (b) Within thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, Agent shall have received the following insurance endorsements: (i) Lender Loss Payee Endorsement to the property policy ITD100065033720; (ii) Notice of Cancellation Endorsement to the property policy ITD100065033720; (iii) Additional Insured Endorsement to the liability policy 1000090435201; and (iv) Notice of Cancellation Endorsement to the liability policy 1000090435201; (c) Within ninety (90) days following the Closing Date, with respect to any deposit or securities maintained by the Loan Parties at a depository institution other than PNC, the Loan Parties shall close and move such deposit or securities account to PNC. (d) Within ninety (90) days following the Closing Date, the Loan Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide to Agent a Lien Waiver Agreement with respect to the following locations: (i) 100 Crescent Centre Parkway, Suite 1240, Tucker, Dekalb County, Georgia 30084; (ii) 2775 Northwoods Pkwy , Norcross, GA 30071; 
 122 

 (iii) 591 Pickettville Road, Jacksonville, Duval County, FL 32220; (iv) 2832 Center Street, Deer Park, Harris County, TX 77536; (v) 101 Industrial Park Blvd, Unit 2, Hitchcock, Galveston County, TX 77563; (vi) 18-33 42nd Street, Astoria, Queens, County, New York 11105; (vii) 2543 Ross Clark Circle, Suite #2 Dothan, Houston County, AL 3630; (viii) 281 Goderich Street, Unit 3, Port Elgin, Bruce County, ON N0H2C1; and (ix) 625 Goderich Street, Units 1 and 5, Port Elgin, Bruce County, ON N0H2C1. (e) On and after the Closing Date, continue to use commercially reasonable efforts to complete the dissolution of Braden and Braden Mexico and within three (3) Business Days of such dissolution provide evidence to Agent that Braden and Braden Mexico have been dissolved. (f) Provide Agent with written notice substantially simultaneously upon the opening of the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account, which such notice shall identify the name and account number of such Term Loan Priority Collateral Account and shall confirm that such Term Loan Priority Collateral Account has been established at PNC. 6.17. Standing Transfer Order . Have in place at all times on and after the Closing Date a standing transfer order or similar arrangement by which Regions Financial Corporation Regions is instructed to remit, on the Monday of each week following the Closing Date, all of the funds in each Loan Party s bank account established at Regions (other than Excluded Deposit Accounts) to an account designated by Agent until such time as the Loan Parties have fully complied with Section 6.16(a) hereof. 6.18. Motor Vehicles . Promptly after request by Agent, note, or have noted, Agent s Lien on all certificates of title constituting Collateral, to the extent such Collateral is located in the United States or Canada and subject to motor vehicle registration requirements, provided that Agent shall not request such notation unless such Collateral has a fair market value in excess of 100,000 in the aggregate. VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS. No Loan Party shall, until the Payment in Full of the Obligations, the termination of the Commitments and the termination of this Agreement: 7.1. Merger, Consolidation, Acquisition and Sale of Assets . 
 123 

 (a) Enter into any merger, amalgamation, consolidation or other reorganization with or into any other Person, acquire all or a substantial portion of the assets or Equity Interests of any Person, permit any other Person to consolidate with or merge with it, or consummate an LLC Division, except that (i) a U.S. Loan Party may merge, consolidate or reorganize with another U.S. Loan Party or acquire the assets or Equity Interest of another U.S. Loan Party so long as (A) such U.S. Loan Party shall provide Agent with ten (10) days prior written notice of such merger, consolidation or reorganization, (B) in connection with any merger, consolidation or reorganization to which a Borrower is a party, such Borrower is the surviving entity of such merger, consolidation or reorganization, (ii) a Canadian Loan Party (excluding any Canadian Loan Party that may become a Borrower) may merge, amalgamate, consolidate or reorganize with another Canadian Loan Party or acquire the assets or Equity Interest of another Canadian Loan Party so long as such Canadian Loan Party shall provide Agent with ten (10) days prior written notice of such merger, amalgamation, consolidation or reorganization, and (iii) any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may transfer all or substantially all of its assets to a Loan Party and (iv) in the case of any of the foregoing, such Loan Party shall deliver to Agent all of the relevant agreements, documents and instruments evidencing such merger, amalgamation, consolidation or reorganization. (b) Sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or assets (in each case including by way of an LLC Division), except (i) the sale of Inventory and immaterial assets in the Ordinary Course of Business (including allowing any registrations or any applications for registration of any immaterial Intellectual Property to lapse or go abandoned in the Ordinary Course of Business), (ii) Holdings and Braden shall wind-up the affairs of and dissolve Braden Mexico as required by Section 6.16(d), (iii) Holdings shall wind-up the affairs of and dissolve Braden as required by Section 6.16(d), (iv) Holdings may wind-up the affairs of and dissolve any Inactive Subsidiary so long as Holdings provides Agent with at least ten (10) days prior written notice of such wind-up or dissolution, (v) Dispositions of obsolete, worn out or surplus property in the Ordinary Course of Business and Dispositions of property no longer used or useful in the conduct of the business of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, (vi) Dispositions of property to the extent that (x) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property that is promptly purchased or (y) the proceeds of such Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property (which replacement property is actually promptly purchased), (vii) Dispositions of property to a Loan Party, (viii) Dispositions, such as payments and withdrawals, made in the Ordinary Course of Business, of Cash and Cash Equivalents, that are not otherwise in violation of this Agreement, (ix) the unwinding of any Swap Contract, Interest Rate Hedge or Foreign Currency Hedge, pursuant to their respective terms, (x) Dispositions resulting from any taking or condemnation of any assets or property; provided that the Net Cash proceeds thereof shall be applied in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, (xi) Dispositions, the proceeds of which, when aggregated with the proceeds of all other Dispositions made within the same fiscal year of Holdings, are less than 500,000; provided that (A) the consideration received for such assets shall be in an amount at least equal to the fair market value thereof (determined in good faith by the board of directors of Holdings (or similar governing body)), (B) no less than 100 thereof shall be paid in Cash, and (3) the Net Cash proceeds thereof shall be applied in 
 124 

 accordance with the requirements of this Agreement, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, and (xii) any other sales or dispositions expressly permitted by this Agreement. (c) A Loan Party may make Permitted Acquisitions. 7.2. Creation of Liens . Create or suffer to exist any Lien or transfer upon or against any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter created or acquired, except Permitted Encumbrances. 7.3. Guarantees . Become liable upon the obligations or liabilities of any Person by assumption, endorsement or guaranty thereof or otherwise (other than to Lenders) except (a) as disclosed on Schedule 7.3 hereto, (b) guarantees made in the Ordinary Course of Business up to an aggregate amount of 100,000 (c) guarantees by one or more Loan Parties of the Indebtedness or obligations of any other Loan Party (other than an Inactive Subsidiary) to the extent such Indebtedness or obligations are permitted to be incurred and/or outstanding pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement and (d) the endorsement of checks in the Ordinary Course of Business. 7.4. Investments . Purchase or acquire obligations or Equity Interests of, or any other interest in, any Person, other than Permitted Investments and Permitted Joint Ventures solely as permitted pursuant to Section 7.11. 7.5. Loans . Make advances, loans or extensions of credit to any Person, including any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate other than Permitted Loans. 7.6. Capital Expenditures . Contract for, purchase or make any expenditure or commitments for Capital Expenditures in any fiscal year in an aggregate amount for all Loan Parties in excess of 800,000, the calculation of which shall exclude the amount of any Customer Funded Cap Ex, as hereinafter defined; provided , however , that in the event Capital Expenditures during any fiscal year are less than the amount permitted for such fiscal year, then the unused amount may be carried over and used in the immediately succeeding fiscal year. As used herein, the term Customer Funded Cap Ex means, with respect to any Capital Expenditure of any Loan Party, the cash portion of the purchase price thereof to the extent actually funded on a dollar-for-dollar basis by a customer of such Loan Party, so long as such Loan Party (or the seller of the underlying item, as the case may be) shall have received such cash portion on or prior to the date on which the sale of such underlying item shall have occurred, or within a reasonable period of time after such date, as determined by the Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 7.7. Dividends and Distributions . Declare, pay or make any Restricted Distribution, except that: (a) a Loan Party (other than an Inactive Subsidiary) may make Tax Distributions to its members or shareholders when the applicable income Tax giving rise to such Tax Distribution is due, including in respect of estimated income Tax payments, so long as: (i) no notice of termination of this Agreement shall be outstanding at the time any such distribution is made; (ii) no Event of Default or Default shall have occurred or would occur after giving pro forma effect to such Tax Distribution; (iii) the purpose and calculation of such Tax Distribution shall be set forth in writing and submitted to Agent at least ten (10) days prior to such Tax 
 125 

 Distribution and such Tax Distribution shall in fact be used for such purpose; (iv) in the event that (x) the actual distribution to members or shareholders made pursuant to this Section exceeds the actual income Tax liability of any member or shareholder due to such Loan Party s status as a pass-through entity or disregarded entity for federal, state and local income Tax purposes, or (y) such Loan Party was a subchapter C corporation, such Loan Party would be entitled to a refund of income Taxes previously paid as a result of a Tax loss during a year in which such Loan Party is a pass-through entity or disregarded entity for federal, state and local income Tax purposes, then the members or shareholders shall repay to such Loan Party the amount of such excess or refund, as the case may be, no later than the date the annual Tax return must be filed by such Loan Party (without giving effect to any filing extensions), and in the event such amounts are not repaid in a timely manner by any member or shareholder, then such Loan Party shall not pay or make any distribution with respect to, or purchase, redeem or retire, any Equity Interest of such Loan Party held or controlled by, directly or indirectly, such member or shareholder until such payment has been made; (b) to the extent constituting Restricted Distributions, Holdings and its Subsidiaries may enter into and consummate transactions expressly permitted by any provision of 7.1, 7.4, 7.10, 7.17 or 7.18; (c) the Subsidiaries of Holdings may make Restricted Distributions to Holdings; (d) the Subsidiaries of Holdings may make direct or indirect Restricted Distributions to the other Loan Parties; (e) Holdings or any Subsidiary thereof may pay dividends in shares of its own Qualified Equity Interests to the extent such dividends are paid on a pro rata basis among all holders of Equity Interests of Holdings or such Subsidiary; and (f) Holdings may make Restricted Distributions pursuant to and in accordance with stock option plans or other benefit plans for management or employees of Holdings and its Subsidiaries. 7.8. Indebtedness . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, other than (a) Permitted Indebtedness, (b) Indebtedness arising from the borrowing of a EICF/CION Delayed Draw Term Loan, so long as Holdings on a Consolidated Basis shall have a Leverage Ratio, calculated on a pro forma basis for the period of four trailing fiscal quarters ending closest to the date on which such EICF/CION Delayed Draw Term Loan is made for which the Agent shall have received the financial statements required to be delivered to it pursuant to Section 9.8 hereof, as if such EICF/CION Delayed Draw Term Loan had been funded on the last day of such period, of not greater than 3.25 to 1.00 and in an aggregate principal amount as to all such borrowings not to exceed 8,000,000, (c) the Wynnefield Indebtedness in an aggregate original principal amount not to exceed 750,000, plus any fees, costs or expenses or incurred or payable in connection therewith, plus any interest accrued thereon in accordance with the terms of the Wynnefield Loan Documents, so long as such Indebtedness is subject to a Subordination Agreement and no Loan Party makes any payment to the Wynnefield Lenders or otherwise in respect of such Indebtedness . and (d) Subordinated Indebtedness (other than the Wynnefield Indebtedness) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 500,000, so long as such Indebtedness is subject to a Subordination Agreement and such Indebtedness otherwise complies with the definition of Subordinated Indebtedness provided that, notwithstanding anything the contrary set forth herein or in any other Loan Document, (y) any prepayment required as a result of the issuance of such Subordinated Indebtedness pursuant to Section 2.8 (or as a result of Equity Interests issued in lieu of such Subordinated Indebtedness) shall not result in a permanent reduction of Revolving Commitment, and (z) Agent shall not establish any Reserves against the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount or the Formula Amount with respect to the proceeds of such Subordinated Indebtedness; provided, further, that with the exception of the foregoing and any other restriction set forth in this Agreement with respect to Agent s ability to establish or 
 126 

 revise Reserves, nothing contained herein shall be deemed or construed to limit or otherwise restrict Agent generally from establishing or revising Reserves as it may determine in the exercise of its commercially reasonable judgment. 7.9. Nature of Business . Substantially change the nature of the business in which it is presently engaged or any business reasonably related or ancillary thereto so long as any such business is a service and not manufacturing type business, nor except as specifically permitted hereby purchase or invest, directly or indirectly, in any assets or property other than in the Ordinary Course of Business for assets or property which are useful in, necessary for and are to be used in its business as presently conducted. 7.10. Transactions with Affiliates . Directly or indirectly purchase, acquire or lease any property from, or sell, transfer or lease any property to, or otherwise enter into any transaction or deal with, any Affiliate, except for (a) transactions among the Loan Parties (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) which are not expressly prohibited by the terms of this Agreement and which are in the Ordinary Course of Business, (b) payment by the Loan Parties (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) of dividends and distributions permitted under Section 7.7 hereof, and (c) transactions disclosed to Agent in writing, which are in the Ordinary Course of Business, on an arm s-length basis on terms and conditions no less favorable than terms and conditions which would have been obtainable from a Person other than an Affiliate, (d) the repurchase or redemption of capital stock or other Equity Interest of any Loan Party held by officers, directors or employees or former officers, directors or employees (or their transferees, estates or beneficiaries under their estates) of any Loan Party, upon their death, disability, retirement, severance or termination of employment or service in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 250,000 during any fiscal year of Holdings, (e) customary compensation and indemnification of, and other employment arrangements (including equity incentive plans, employee benefit plans and arrangements, issuance of Equity Interests, payment of bonuses and stock option plans) with, directors, officers and employees of any Loan Party in the Ordinary Course of Business, (f) provision of goods or engineering, design, procurement, project management, quality management or other services by Holdings or any Subsidiary to Holdings or any other Subsidiary pursuant to purchase orders issued in the ordinary course of business in connection with third-party contracts; provided, however, that neither the extension of credit to, nor the assumption, endorsement or guaranty of any Indebtedness of, any Affiliate (other than a Loan Party) shall be deemed to be a transaction in the Ordinary Course of Business for purposes of this Section 7.10, (g) other transactions with any Permitted Joint Venture in the Ordinary Course of Business on terms as favorable as would be obtained by it on a comparable arm s-length transaction with an independent, unrelated third party and, with respect to, material transactions with any Permitted Joint Venture, as determined in good faith by the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of Holdings, (h) the provision of insurance by a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary to a Loan Party in the Ordinary Course of Business, and (i) the Wynnefield Indebtedness and the transactions contemplated thereby to the extent expressly permitted under Section 7.8. 7.11. Permitted Joint Ventures . Borrowers may make (i) subsequent investment in Permitted Joint Ventures existing on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.11 hereto and (ii) investments consisting of the formation and capitalization of Permitted Joint Ventures after the Closing Date so long as (x) the aggregate amount of all such cash and non-cash investments does 
 127 

 not exceed 1,000,000 at any one time outstanding, (y) the Loan Parties and the Subsidiaries of the Loan Parties shall not be party to more than seven (7) Permitted Joint Ventures at any time, (z) with respect to Permitted Joint Ventures formed after the Closing Date, no Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries shall guaranty or commit to guaranteeing the obligations of any such Permitted Joint Venture without the prior written consent of Agent. 7.12. Subsidiaries . (a) Form any Subsidiary unless such Loan Party (other than an Inactive Subsidiary) provides at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of such formation and (i) such Subsidiary is not a Foreign Subsidiary, (ii) at Agent s discretion, such Subsidiary expressly joins this Agreement as a Loan Party and becomes jointly and severally liable for the Obligations, and (iii) Agent shall have received all documents, including without limitation, legal opinions and appraisals it may require to establish compliance with each of the foregoing conditions in connection therewith, provided , however , no Captive Insurance Subsidiary shall be required to join this Agreement as a Loan Party or become jointly and severally liable for the Obligations if such Loan Party delivers evidence to Agent in form and substance acceptable to Agent that such Captive Insurance Subsidiary is prohibited by Applicable Law from incurring contingent liabilities arising under this Agreement or a Guaranty in its capacity as a guarantor, provided, further, that notwithstanding the forgoing, a Loan Party (other than an Inactive Subsidiary) may form a Foreign Subsidiary upon obtaining Agent s prior written consent and otherwise complying with this Section 7.12(a). (b) Form any Captive Insurance Subsidiary unless (i) the applicable Borrower has provided to Agent, at least 30 Business Days (or such shorter period as Agent may agree in its sole discretion) prior to the date on which such Borrower wishes to form such Captive Insurance Subsidiary, a request for Agent s consent to form such Captive Insurance Subsidiary, (ii) the applicable Borrower has provided to Agent a summary of all material information regarding such proposed Captive Insurance Subsidiary and its proposed activities and any other detail reasonably requested by Agent in connection therewith, including, without limitation, details related to whether such Captive Insurance Subsidiary will be prohibited by Applicable Law from incurring contingent liabilities arising under this Agreement or a Guaranty in its capacity as a guarantor and (iii) Agent shall have provided the applicable Borrower with written consent to form such Captive Insurance Subsidiary; provided, that if Agent has not made such a determination by the date that is 30 Business Days after receipt of a notice from Borrower pursuant to the above clause (i), then Agent shall be deemed to have rejected such request by such Borrower. (c) Enter into any partnership, Joint Venture (other than a Permitted Joint Venture) or similar arrangement. 7.13. Fiscal Year and Accounting Changes . Change its fiscal year from December 31 or make any significant change (a) in accounting treatment and reporting practices except as required by GAAP or (b) in tax reporting treatment except as required by law. 7.14. Pledge of Credit . Now or hereafter pledge Agent s or any Lender s credit on any purchases, commitments or contracts or for any purpose whatsoever or use any portion of any 
 128 

 Advance in or for any business other than such Loan Party s business operations as conducted on the Closing Date or any business reasonably related or ancillary thereto so long as any such business is a service and not manufacturing type business. 7.15. Amendment of Organizational Documents . (a) Change its legal name, (b) change its form of legal entity (e.g., converting from a corporation to a limited or unlimited liability company or vice versa), (c) change its jurisdiction of organization or become (or attempt or purport to become) organized in more than one jurisdiction, or (d) otherwise amend, modify or waive any term or material provision of its Organizational Documents unless required by law, in any such case without (i) giving at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of such intended change to Agent, (ii) if applicable, having received from Agent confirmation that Agent has taken all steps necessary for Agent to continue the perfection of and protect the enforceability and priority of its Liens in the Collateral belonging to such Loan Party and in the Equity Interests of such Loan Party and (iii) in the event any such amendment, modification or waiver would be adverse to the interests of Agent or any Lender, having received the prior written consent of Agent and Required Lenders to such amendment, modification or waiver. 7.16. Compliance with ERISA . (a) (i) (x) Maintain or permit any member of the Controlled Group to maintain, or (y) become obligated to contribute, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to become obligated to contribute, to any Pension Benefit Plan, other than those Plans disclosed on Schedule 5.8(d) hereto, or Multiemployer Plan, except as would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) engage, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to engage, in any non-exempt prohibited transaction , as that term is defined or described in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, (iii) terminate, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to terminate, any Pension Benefit Plan where such event would reasonably be expected to result in any liability of any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group or the imposition of a lien on the property of any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group pursuant to Section 4068 of ERISA, (iv) incur, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to incur, any withdrawal liability to any Multiemployer Plan; (v) fail promptly to notify Agent of the occurrence of any Termination Event, (vi) fail to comply, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to fail to comply, with the requirements of ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code or other Applicable Laws in respect of any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, (vii) fail to meet, permit any member of the Controlled Group to fail to meet, or permit any Pension Benefit Plan to fail to meet all minimum funding requirements under ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code, without regard to any waivers or variances, or postpone or delay or allow any member of the Controlled Group to postpone or delay any funding requirement with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, or (viii) cause, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to cause, a representation or warranty in Section 5.8(d) hereof to cease to be true and correct. (b) No Loan Party shall (i) except as required by Applicable Law or except as could not reasonably result in a Material Adverse Effect, commence to participate in, maintain, contribute or assume an obligation to contribute to any single or multi-employer pension plan that contains a defined benefit provision, as such term is defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada) for employees or former employees of a Borrower, arising from 
 129 

 employment in Canada (including, for greater certainty, any pension plan which would constitute a Canadian Union Plan if contributed to by a Borrower) other than those Canadian Pension Plans disclosed on Schedule 5.9(b), (ii) without the prior consent of the Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) acquire an interest in any Person if such Person sponsors, administers, maintains or contributes to, or has any liability in respect of, the defined benefit provision, as such term is defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada), of any pension plan which would constitute a Canadian Pension Plan or a Canadian Union Plan if contributed to by a Borrower, (iii) take any action to cause the wind-up, in whole or in part, of any Canadian Pension Plan or which would cause circumstances to exist that would reasonably be expected to provide any basis for a Governmental Body under Applicable Law to take steps to cause the wind-up, in whole or in part, of any Canadian Pension Plan, (iv) except when the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, fail to meet all required minimum funding requirements under Applicable Law with respect to any Canadian Pension Plan, (v) fail promptly to notify Agent of the occurrence of any Canadian Pension Event, (vi) except when the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, fail to comply with the requirements of Applicable Law in respect of any Canadian Pension Plan, or (vii) cause a representation or warranty in Section 5.9(b) to cease to be true and correct. 7.17. Prepayment of Indebtedness . At any time, directly or indirectly, prepay any Indebtedness, or repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire any Indebtedness of any Loan Party other than (a) Indebtedness owed to Lenders, (b) as permitted pursuant to Section 7.18 hereof, (c) Indebtedness secured by a Permitted Encumbrance if the asset securing such Indebtedness has been sold or otherwise disposed of in accordance with Section 7.1 and (d) intercompany Indebtedness owing from one or more Loan Parties (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) to any other one or more Loan Parties (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) permitted pursuant to clause (g) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness . 7.18. EICF/CION Term Loan . At any time, directly or indirectly, pay, prepay, repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire, or make any payment on account of any principal of, interest on or premium payable in connection with the repayment or redemption of the EICF/CION Term Loan, provided, however, that (I) (a) the Loan Parties may make regularly scheduled payments of interest on and principal of the EICF/CION Term Loans, at the times and in the amounts set forth in the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement as in effect on the Closing Fourth Amendment Effective Date, or as amended in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, (b) the Loan Parties may make payment of fees, expenses, indemnities or other obligations when due and payable in accordance with the terms of the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents as in effect on the Closing Fourth Amendment Effective Date, or as amended in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, (c) other than Mandatory Prepayments of principal on the EICF/CION Term Loans based on Excess Cash Flow (as such terms are defined in the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement as in effect on the Closing Fourth Amendment Effective Date), the Loan Parties may make Mandatory Prepayments of such principal in accordance with the terms of the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement as in effect on the Closing Fourth Amendment Effective Date, or as amended in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, and (d) the Loan Parties may make Mandatory Prepayments of principal on the EICF/CION Term Loans based on Excess Cash Flow in accordance with the terms of, and as such terms are defined in, the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement as in effect on 
 130 

 the Closing Fourth Amendment Effective Date (each an ECF Payment ), so long as the following conditions (the ECF Payment Conditions shall have been met: (i) immediately before and immediately after giving effect to such ECF Payment, no Event of Default shall have occurred and shall then be continuing, (ii) the Agent and the Lenders shall have received the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 9.7 hereof for the fiscal year then ended, (iii) the Borrowers shall have Liquidity, after giving effect to such ECF Payment, of not less than 3,500,000 and (iv) the Agent shall have received a Certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, duly executed by, and prepared by or under the direction of, the Chief Financial Officer or Controller of the Borrowing Agent, pursuant to which such officer shall certify the absence of any such Event of Default, and the calculation of such ECF Payment, the aggregate amount of the related Excess Cash Flow and such Liquidity. As used herein, the term Liquidity means, as of the applicable date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (i) Undrawn Availability, calculated with respect to the Formula Amount pursuant to the Borrowing Base Certificate then most recently delivered to the Agent, and calculated with respect to the outstanding principal balance of Revolving Advances as of the proposed date of such ECF Payment, plus (ii) the aggregate amount of unrestricted cash of the Borrowers on deposit in bank accounts that are not subject to any Liens other than (x) Liens in favor of the Agent to secure the Obligations, (y) Liens in favor of the EICF/CION Term Loan Agent to secure the Obligations as such term is defined in the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement and (z) customary banker s liens and set off rights in favor of each of the depository institutions at which such bank accounts are maintained, provided that if, with respect to such cash then on deposit in any such bank account (other than a Depository Account or a Blocked Account into which proceeds of Receivables are deposited) the Borrowers have a contractual obligation, pursuant to this Agreement or the Term Loan Agreement, to make a mandatory prepayment (other than any mandatory prepayment of Excess Cash Flow under the Term Loan Agreement), of either the Obligations or such Obligations, then the amount of such cash shall be included in the calculation of Liquidity only to the extent that the Agent, or the EICF/CION Term Loan Agent, as the case may be, shall have irrevocably waived its right to receive such mandatory prepayment from such cash, and (II) in the event that on the date of a proposed ECF Payment, the Borrowers are unable to fully comply with clause (iii) of the ECF Payment Conditions, then, provided that all of the other ECF Payment Conditions shall have been met on such date, the Borrowers may make a partial ECF Payment, to the extent that after giving effect thereto, the ECF Payment Condition set forth in such clause (iii) shall have been fully met, and, with respect to the amount of the proposed ECF Payment that was not made because of such inability to so comply with such clause (iii) (such amount, the ECF Payment Shortfall ), the Borrowers may make catch up payments of such ECF Payment Shortfall in one or more installments on each date that is 1 Business Day after the date that the next Borrowing Base Certificate is delivered to the Agent that evidences sufficient Undrawn Availability, as set forth in such Borrowing Base Certificate, together with other cash that qualifies as Liquidity within the definition thereof, such that the ECF Payment Condition contained in clause (iii) thereof is satisfied as of such date that is 1 Business Day after the date of delivery of such Borrowing Base Certificate, provided no such catch up payment may be made sooner than 30 days after the date on which the most recent partial ECF Payment or prior catch-up payment shall have been made, and provided further, that in accordance with the foregoing, partial ECF Payments shall continue to be permitted if the ECF Payment Condition contained in clause (iii) thereof would be satisfied if only a partial payment is made. 
 131 

 7.19. Other Agreements . Enter into any material amendment, waiver or modification of (a) the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents or any related agreements, except for amendments or modifications made in full compliance with the Intercreditor Agreement or (b) the Wynnefield Loan Documents. 7.20. Locations . No Loan Party shall move its chief executive office from the location set forth on Schedule 4.4(b)(iii) hereto (as updated from time to time), permit its material books and records or servers which contain information or data not available at its chief executive office to be located at any location not set forth on Schedule 4.4(b)(iii) hereto, or maintain any place of business other than those set forth on Schedule 4.4 hereto, in each case, without (a) providing Agent with prior written notice thereof, which notice shall be deemed to update Schedule 4.4 hereto, and (b) if requested by Agent with respect to locations of material books, records and servers, using commercially reasonable efforts to provide to Agent a Lien Waiver Agreement duly executed by the owner or lessor of such location. 7.21. Canadian Loan Party Bank Accounts . Allow any Canadian Loan Party to maintain deposits in any Canadian Loan Party Bank Account at any one time in excess of 3,000,000 for all such Canadian Loan Party Bank Accounts in the aggregate. The Canadian Loan Party shall cause any such excess to promptly be deposited into a Depository Account in U.S. Dollars. Agent may at any time and from time to time request evidence of the balances in any Canadian Loan Party Bank Account and, upon any such request, the Loan Parties shall deliver to Agent a snap shot reflecting the balances as of the close of business of the date any such request was made. 7.22. Canadian Loan Parties . No Canadian Loan Party shall own any property or assets in the United States without first executing and delivering to Agent a security agreement governed by New York law and such other security documents requested by Agent or any Lender to protect, secure, perfect Agent s security interest and Lien on any such property or assets constituting Collateral, all in form and substance acceptable to Agent. 7.23. Inactive Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, allow any Inactive Subsidiary to (i) engage in any business activities or conduct any operations, other than maintaining its corporate existence pending its dissolution pursuant to Section 7.1 hereof, (ii) own any material assets, (iii) have any Subsidiaries or (iv) have or incur any liabilities (other than (A) those existing as of the Closing Date and (B) any contingent liability arising under this Agreement, any of the Other Documents or any of the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents), without first obtaining Agent s prior written consent. 7.24. Capital Provision Agreement . Amend the Capital Provision Agreement or any financing statement or other document related thereto without Agent s prior written consent. 7.25. Term Loan Priority Collateral Account . Deposit any Cash or Cash Equivalents in the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account unless required by the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement in effect on the Closing Date without providing Agent prior written notice thereof, which such written notice shall include an accounting, in reasonable detail, of the item sold 
 132 

 and/or event that triggered the requirement under the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement of such Loan Party to make such deposit. VIII. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT. 8.1. Conditions to Initial Advances . The agreement of Lenders to make the initial Advances requested to be made on the Closing Date is subject to the satisfaction, or waiver by Agent, immediately prior to or concurrently with the making of such Advances, of the following conditions precedent, each in form and substance acceptable to Agent: (a) Other Documents . Agent shall have received each of the Other Documents, in each case duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Loan Parties and any other Person party thereto; (b) Intercreditor Agreement . Agent and EICF/CION Term Loan Agent shall have entered into the Intercreditor Agreement; (c) Standing Transfer Order . Agent shall have documentation evidencing that a standing transfer order has been executed, or similar arrangement has been made, by the Loan Parties in compliance with Section 6.17 hereof and confirmation that Regions has initiated the instructions contained therein; (d) Financial Condition Certificate . Agent shall have received an executed Financial Condition Certificate in the form of Exhibit 8.1(d) attached hereto; (e) Closing Certificate . Agent shall have received a closing certificate signed by the Chief Financial Officer of each Loan Party dated as of the Closing Date, stating that (i) all representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement and the Other Documents are true and correct on and as of such date, and (ii) on such date no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing; (f) Stock Certificates . Agent shall have received copies of stock certificates representing 100 (or 66.67 , as applicable) of the Equity Interests of each Subsidiary of Holdings, together with stock powers executed in blank, to the extent such Equity Interests are certificated; (g) Borrowing Base . Agent shall have received a Borrowing Base Certificate providing evidence that the aggregate amount of Eligible Canadian Receivables, Eligible Receivables, Eligible Unbilled Canadian Receivables and Eligible Unbilled Receivables is sufficient in value and amount to support Revolving Advances in the amount requested by the Borrowers on the Closing Date; (h) Undrawn Availability . After giving effect to the initial Advances, the Borrowers shall have Undrawn Availability of at least 7,500,000; (i) Blocked Accounts . The Loan Parties shall have opened the Depository Accounts with Agent and/or Agent shall have received duly executed agreements establishing the Blocked Accounts with one or more Blocked Account Banks for the collection or servicing 
 133 

 of the Receivables and proceeds of the Collateral and Agent shall have received, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, deposit account control agreements among Agent, each applicable Loan Party and each applicable Blocked Account Bank with respect to such Blocked Accounts; (j) EICF/CION Term Loan Documents . Agent shall have received final executed copies of the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents, all of which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and shall be in effect on the Closing Date and the transactions contemplated by EICF/CION Term Loan Documents shall be consummated simultaneously with the making of the initial Advances including, without limitation, the receipt by the Loan Parties of the proceeds of the EICF/CION Closing Date Term Loan; (k) Filings, Registrations and Recordings . Each document (including any Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, and PPSA financing statements, Uniform Commercial Code termination statements and PPSA termination statements) required by this Agreement, any of the Other Documents or under Applicable Law or requested by Agent to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create, in favor of Agent, a perfected security interest in or lien upon the Collateral and in order to terminate the perfected security interest in or lien upon the Collateral of Existing Lenders shall have been properly filed, registered or recorded in each jurisdiction in which the filing, registration or recordation thereof is so required or requested, and Agent shall have received an acknowledgment copy, or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to it, of each such filing, registration or recordation and reasonably satisfactory evidence of the payment of any necessary fee, tax or expense relating thereto; (l) Payoff Letter . Agent shall have received, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, a payoff letter from each Existing Lender providing that, among other things, all of the Indebtedness of the Loan Parties under the Existing Loan Documents has been paid and satisfied in full; (m) Secretary s Certificates, Authorizing Resolutions and Good Standing Certificates . Agent shall have received, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, a certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary (or other equivalent officer or manager) of each Loan Party dated as of the Closing Date which shall certify (i) copies of resolutions, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, of the board of directors (or other equivalent governing body or member) of such Loan Party authorizing (x) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Other Documents to which such Loan Party is a party (including authorization of the incurrence of Indebtedness, borrowing of Advances and requesting of Letters of Credit on a joint and several basis with all Loan Parties as provided for herein), and (y) the granting by such Loan Party of the Liens upon the Collateral to secure all of the joint and several Obligations of the Loan Parties (and such certificate shall state that such resolutions have not been amended, modified, revoked or rescinded as of the date of such certificate), (ii) the incumbency and signature of the officers of such Loan Party authorized to execute this Agreement and the Other Documents, (iii) copies of the Organizational Documents of such Loan Party as in effect on such date, complete with all amendments thereto, and (iv) the good standing (or equivalent status) of such Loan Party in its jurisdiction of organization and each applicable jurisdiction where the conduct of such Loan Party s business activities or the ownership of its properties necessitates qualification and where the failure to so qualify could 
 134 

 reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on such Loan Party, as evidenced by good standing certificates (or the equivalent thereof issued by any applicable jurisdiction) dated not more than thirty (30) days prior to the Closing Date, issued by the Secretary of State or other appropriate official of each such jurisdiction; (n) Legal Opinion . Agent shall have received, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, the executed legal opinions of Thompson Hine LLP (US counsel to the Loan Parties and Fasken Martineau DuMoulin LLP (Canadian counsel to the Loan Parties which shall cover such matters incident to the Transactions as Agent may reasonably require and each Loan Party hereby authorizes and directs such counsel to deliver such opinions to Agent and Lenders; (o) No Litigation . No litigation, investigation or proceeding before or by any arbitrator or Governmental Body shall be continuing or, to any Loan Party s knowledge, threatened against any Loan Party or against the officers or directors of any Loan Party (A) in connection with this Agreement, the Other Documents, the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents, the Wynnefield Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or (B) which could, in the reasonable opinion of Agent, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) no injunction, writ, restraining order or other order of any nature materially adverse to any Loan Party or the conduct of its business or inconsistent with the due consummation of the Transactions shall have been issued by any Governmental Body; (p) Collateral Examination . Agent shall have completed Collateral examinations and received appraisals, the results of which shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Agent, of the Receivables, Inventory, General Intangibles, and Equipment of each Loan Party and all books and records in connection therewith; (q) Fees . Agent shall have received all fees payable to Agent and Lenders on or prior to the Closing Date hereunder, including pursuant to Article III hereof and the Fee Letter; (r) Pro Forma Financial Statements . Agent shall have received a copy of the Pro Forma Financial Statements which shall be reasonably satisfactory in all respects to Agent; (s) Insurance . Agent shall have received, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, (i) evidence that adequate insurance, including without limitation, casualty and liability insurance, required to be maintained under this Agreement is in full force and effect, (ii) insurance certificates issued by the Loan Parties insurance broker containing such information regarding the Loan Parties casualty and liability insurance policies as Agent shall request and naming Agent as an additional insured and lenders loss payee, as applicable; (t) Payment Instructions . Agent shall have received written instructions from Borrowing Agent directing the application of proceeds of the initial Advances made pursuant to this Agreement; (u) Consents . Agent shall have received any and all Consents necessary to permit the effectuation of the Transactions and Agent shall have received such Consents and 
 135 

 waivers of such third parties as might assert claims with respect to the Collateral, as Agent shall deem necessary; (v) No Material Adverse Effect . (i) Since December 31, 2019, there shall not have occurred any event, condition or state of facts which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) no representations made or information supplied to Agent or Lenders shall have been proven to be inaccurate or misleading in any material respect; (w) Contract Review . Agent shall have received and reviewed all Material Contracts of the Loan Parties including all material leases, union contracts, labor contracts, vendor supply contracts, license agreements and distributorship agreements and such Contracts and agreements shall be reasonably satisfactory in all respects to Agent; (x) Meeting with Management . Agent shall have met with the management of Loan Parties and shall have been satisfied with the results of such meeting; (y) Compliance with Laws . Agent shall be satisfied that each Loan Party is in compliance in all material respects with all pertinent federal, state, provincial, local or territorial regulations, including those with respect to the Federal Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Environmental Protection Act, ERISA and the Anti-Terrorism Laws; (z) Certificate of Beneficial Ownership; USA Patriot Act Diligence . Agent and each Lender shall have received, in form and substance acceptable to Agent, a Certificate of Beneficial Ownership duly authorized, executed and delivered by each Loan Party (other than Holdings) and such other documentation and other information requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA Patriot Act; and (aa) Other . All corporate and other proceedings, and all documents, instruments and other legal matters in connection with the Transactions shall be satisfactory in form and substance to Agent. 8.2. Conditions to Each Advance . The agreement of Lenders to make any Advance requested to be made on any date (including the initial Advance), is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent as of the date such Advance is made: (a) Representations and Warranties . Each of the representations and warranties made by any Loan Party in or pursuant to this Agreement and the Other Documents, and each of the representations and warranties in any agreement, document, instrument, certificate or financial or other statement provided at any time under or in connection with this Agreement and the Other Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of such date as if made on and as of such date (except to the extent any such representation or warranty expressly relates only to any earlier and/or specified date); (b) No Default . No Event of Default or Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date, or would exist after giving effect to the Advances requested to be made, on such date; provided, however that Agent, in its sole discretion, may continue to make 
 136 

 Advances notwithstanding the existence of an Event of Default or Default and that any Advances so made shall not be deemed a waiver of any such Event of Default or Default; and (c) Maximum Advances . In the case of any type of Advance requested to be made, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of such type of Advance shall not exceed the maximum amount of such type of Advance permitted under this Agreement. Each request for an Advance by any Borrower hereunder shall constitute a representation and warranty by each Loan Party as of the date of such Advance that the conditions of this subsection shall have been satisfied. IX. INFORMATION AS TO THE LOAN PARTIES. Each Loan Party shall, or (except with respect to Section 9.11 hereof) shall cause Borrowing Agent on its behalf to, until the Payment in Full of the Obligations, the termination of the Commitments and the termination of this Agreement: 9.1. Disclosure of Material Matters . Promptly upon a Responsible Officer obtaining knowledge thereof, report to Agent (a) all matters materially affecting the value, enforceability or collectability of any portion of the Collateral, including any Loan Party s reclamation or repossession of, or the return to any Loan Party of, a material amount of goods or claims or disputes asserted by any Customer or other obligor, (b) any investigation, hearing, proceeding or other inquest by any Governmental Body into any Loan Party or any Affiliate of any Loan Party with respect to Anti-Terrorism Laws, and (c) if the Capital Providers default in their obligations under the Capital Provision Agreement and/or the Capital Provision Agreement is terminated. 9.2. Schedules . Deliver to Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent: (a) on or before the twentieth (20th) day of each month as and for the prior month (i) accounts receivable agings inclusive of reconciliations to the general ledger, (ii) accounts payable schedules inclusive of reconciliations to the general ledger, (iii) Inventory reports (iv) bank statements evidencing the balances of each Canadian Loan Party Bank Account for each day in the prior month, and (v) a Borrowing Base Certificate (which (A) shall be calculated as of the last day of the prior month, (B) shall not be binding upon Agent or restrictive of Agent s rights under this Agreement and (C) shall include a listing of all Priority Payables (which such listing shall identity the obligee of each Priority Payable and the estimated value of such Priority Payable)), and (b) on or before Tuesday of each week, a sales report / roll forward for the prior week, and (c) at such intervals as Agent may require: (i) confirmatory assignment schedules; (ii) copies of Customer s invoices; (iii) evidence of shipment or delivery; and (iv) such further schedules, documents and/or information regarding the Collateral as Agent may require including trial balances and test verifications. Agent shall have the right to confirm and verify all Receivables by any manner and through any medium it considers advisable and do whatever it may deem necessary to protect its interests hereunder. The items to be provided under this Section are to be in form reasonably satisfactory to Agent and executed by each Loan Party and delivered to Agent from time to time solely for Agent s convenience in maintaining records of the Collateral, and any Loan Party s failure to deliver any of such items to Agent shall not affect, terminate, modify or otherwise limit Agent s Lien with respect to the Collateral. Unless 
 137 

 otherwise agreed to by Agent, the items to be provided under this Section 9.2 shall be delivered to Agent by the specific method of Approved Electronic Communication designated by Agent. 9.3. Environmental Reports . (a) Deliver to Agent, concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 9.7 and 9.8 hereof, with a certificate signed by the President, Chief Executive Officer or Controller of Borrowing Agent stating, to the best of his knowledge, that each Loan Party is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws, except to the extent such non-compliance could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. To the extent any Loan Party is not in such material compliance with the foregoing laws, the certificate shall set forth with specificity all areas of non-compliance and the proposed action such Loan Party will implement in order to achieve full compliance. (b) In the event any Loan Party obtains, gives or receives notice of any Release or threat of Release of a reportable quantity of any Hazardous Materials at any Real Property owned or leased by any Loan Party (any such event being hereinafter referred to as a Hazardous Discharge or receives any written notice of violation, request for information or notification that it is potentially responsible for investigation or cleanup of environmental conditions at any such Real Property, demand letter or complaint, order, citation, or other written notice with regard to any Hazardous Discharge or violation of Environmental Laws affecting such Real Property or any Loan Party s interest therein or the operations or the business (any of the foregoing is referred to herein as an Environmental Complaint from any Person, including any Governmental Body, then Borrowing Agent shall, within five (5) Business Days, give written notice of same to Agent detailing facts and circumstances of which any Loan Party is aware giving rise to the Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Complaint. Such information is to be provided to allow Agent to protect its security interest in and Lien on the Collateral and is not intended to create nor shall it create any obligation upon Agent or any Lender with respect thereto. (c) Borrowing Agent shall promptly forward to Agent copies of any request for information, notification of potential liability, demand letter relating to potential responsibility with respect to the investigation or cleanup of Hazardous Materials at any other site owned, operated or used by any Loan Party to manage of Hazardous Materials and shall continue to forward copies of correspondence between any Loan Party and the Governmental Body regarding such claims to Agent until the claim is settled. Borrowing Agent shall promptly forward to Agent copies of all material documents and reports concerning a Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Complaint at any Real Property owned or leased by any Loan Party, operations or business that any Loan Party is required to file under any Environmental Laws. Such information is to be provided solely to allow Agent to protect Agent s security interest in and Lien on the Collateral. 9.4. Litigation . Promptly notify Agent in writing of any claim, litigation, suit or administrative proceeding affecting any Loan Party, whether or not the claim is covered by insurance, and of any litigation, suit or administrative proceeding, which in any such case affects the Collateral or which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 138 

 9.5. Material Occurrences . Immediately upon a Responsible Officer obtaining knowledge thereof, notify Agent in writing upon the occurrence of: (a) any Event of Default or Default; (b) any event of default under the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents or the Wynnefield Loan Documents; (c) any event which with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute an event of default under the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents or the Wynnefield Loan Documents; (d) any event, development or circumstance whereby any financial statements or other reports provided to Agent fail in any material respect to present fairly, in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, the financial condition or operating results of any Loan Party as of the date of such statements; (e) any funding deficiency which, if not corrected as provided in Section 4971 of the Internal Revenue Code, could subject any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group to a tax imposed by Section 4971 of the Internal Revenue Code in excess of 500,000 or result in any representation made in Section 5.8 to be untrue; (f) each and every default by any Loan Party which might result in the acceleration of the maturity of any Indebtedness in excess of 500,000, including the names and addresses of the holders of such Indebtedness with respect to which there is a default existing or with respect to which the maturity has been or could be accelerated, and the amount of such Indebtedness; (g) any other development in the business or affairs of any Loan Party, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (h) if any Loan Party is out of good standing in jurisdiction of organization and or is disqualified from conducting business in any jurisdiction where the conduct of such Loan Party s business activities or the ownership of its properties necessitates qualification; in each case as to clauses (a) through (h) of this Section 9.5, describing the nature thereof and the action the Loan Parties propose to take with respect thereto. 9.6. Government Receivables . Notify Agent immediately upon a Responsible Officer obtaining knowledge thereof if any of its Receivables arise out of contracts between any Loan Party and the United States, Canada, or any state, province or territory or any department, agency or instrumentality of any of them if the laws thereof require a Consent or other legal formality to the assignment thereof. 9.7. Annual Financial Statements . Deliver to Agent within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal year of Holdings, audited financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidating and consolidated basis for such fiscal year, including, but not limited to, a balance sheet, statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flow from the beginning of the current fiscal year to the end of such fiscal year and the balance sheet as at the end of such fiscal year, all prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with prior practices, and in reasonable detail and reported upon without qualification (other than a qualification pertaining solely to impending debt maturities of any Indebtedness occurring within twelve (12) months of such audit), by an independent certified public accounting firm selected by the Loan Parties and reasonably satisfactory to Agent (Moss Adams LLP shall be acceptable). The reports described in this Section shall be accompanied by a Compliance Certificate. 9.8. Quarterly Financial Statements . Deliver to Agent within forty-five (45) days after the end of each fiscal quarter, an unaudited balance sheet of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated and consolidating basis and unaudited statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flow of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated and consolidating basis reflecting results of operations from the beginning of the fiscal year to the end of such fiscal quarter and for such fiscal quarter, prepared on a basis consistent with prior practices and 
 139 

 complete and correct in all material respects, subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes that individually and in the aggregate are not material to the Loan Parties business operations and setting forth in comparative form the respective financial statements for the corresponding date and period in the previous fiscal year. The reports described in this Section shall be accompanied by a Compliance Certificate. 9.9. Monthly Financial Statements . Deliver to Agent within thirty (30) days after the end of each month, an unaudited balance sheet of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated and consolidating basis and unaudited statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flow of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated and consolidating basis reflecting results of operations from the beginning of the fiscal year to the end of such month and for such month, prepared on a basis consistent with prior practices and complete and correct in all material respects, subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes that individually and in the aggregate are not material to the Loan Parties business operations and setting forth in comparative form the respective financial statements for the corresponding date and period in the previous fiscal year. The reports described in this Section shall be accompanied by a Compliance Certificate. 9.10. Other Reports . Provide Agent as soon as available, but in any event within ten (10) Business Days after the issuance thereof, with (a) copies of such financial statements, reports and returns as each Loan Party shall send to the holders of its Equity Interests and (b) copies of all notices, reports, financial statements and other materials sent or received pursuant to the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents (including, without limitation, Section 4.1 (f) of the EICF/CION Term Loan Agreement) or the Wynnefield Loan Documents. 9.11. Additional Information . Provide Agent with such additional information as Agent shall request in order to enable Agent to determine whether the terms, covenants, provisions and conditions of this Agreement and the Other Documents have been complied with by the Loan Parties including, without the necessity of any request by Agent, (a) copies of all environmental audits and reviews, (b) prior written notice of any Loan Party s opening of any new office or place of business or any Loan Party s closing of any existing office or place of business (x) at least thirty (30) days prior thereto for any Canadian Loan Party and (y) prior thereto for any U.S. Loan Party, (c) promptly upon any Loan Party s learning thereof, notice of any labor dispute to which any Loan Party may become a party, any strikes or walkouts relating to any of its plants or other facilities, and the expiration of any labor contract to which any Loan Party is a party or by which any Loan Party is bound, and (d) promptly upon any Loan Party being called upon to satisfy any guaranty obligations with respect to a Permitted Joint Venture. 9.12. Projected Operating Budget . Provide Agent (a) within thirty (30) days after the beginning of each Loan Party s fiscal years commencing with fiscal year 2021, a draft of its month by month projected operating budget and cash flow of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated and consolidating basis for such fiscal year (including an income statement for each month and a balance sheet as at the end of the last month in each fiscal quarter), such projections to be accompanied by a certificate signed by the President or Chief Financial Officer of each Loan Party to the effect that such projections have been prepared on the basis of sound financial planning practice consistent with past budgets and financial statements and that such officer has no reason to question the reasonableness of any material assumptions on which such projections 
 140 

 were prepared (the Operating Budget ), and (b) promptly (and in any event within forty-five (45) days after the beginning of each of Holdings fiscal years) after approval by the Board of Directors of Holdings, the final Operating Budget approved by the Board of Directors of Holdings. 9.13. Variances From Operating Budget; Management Discussion and Analysis Reports . Deliver to Agent, concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 9.7, 9.8 and 9.9 hereof, a written report (a) summarizing all material variances from budgets submitted by the Loan Parties pursuant to Section 9.12 hereof and a discussion and analysis by management with respect to such variances and (b) setting forth management s analysis and discussion of the condition (financial and otherwise) operations of Holdings, which may be in the form of the Business Segment Review delivered to Agent prior to the Closing Date. 9.14. Notice of Suits, Adverse Events . Provide Agent, promptly upon a Responsible Officer obtaining knowledge thereof, with written notice of (a) any lapse or other termination of any Consent issued to any Loan Party by any Governmental Body or any other Person that is material to the operation of any Loan Party s business, (b) any refusal by any Governmental Body or any other Person to renew or extend any such Consent, (c) copies of any periodic or special reports filed by any Loan Party with any Governmental Body or Person, if such reports indicate any material change in the business, operations, affairs or condition of any Loan Party, or if copies thereof are requested by Agent, (d) copies of any material notices and other communications from any Governmental Body or Person which specifically relate to any Loan Party and (e) copies of any material notices and other material communications related to the Arbitration Proceeding. 9.15. ERISA Notices and Requests . Provide Agent, promptly upon a Responsible Officer obtaining knowledge thereof, with written notice in the event that, (i) any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group knows or has reason to know that a Termination Event has occurred, together with a written statement describing such Termination Event and the action, if any, which such Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect thereto and, when known, any action taken or threatened by the Internal Revenue Service, Canada Revenue Agency, Department of Labor or PBGC with respect thereto, (ii) any Loan Party knows or has reason to know that a prohibited transaction (as defined in Section 406 of ERISA or 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code) has occurred together with a written statement describing such transaction and the action which such Loan Party has taken, is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto, (iii) a funding waiver request has been filed with respect to any Pension Benefit Plan together with all communications received by any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group with respect to such request, (iv) any material increase in the benefits of any existing Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the establishment of any new Pension Benefit Plan or Multiemployer Plan or the commencement of contributions to any Pension Benefit Plan or Multiemployer Plan or Canadian Benefit Plan, Canadian Pension Plan or the commencement of contributions to any Pension Benefit Plan or Multiemployer Plan, Canadian Pension Plan or Canadian Union Plan to which any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group was not previously contributing shall occur, (v) any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group shall receive from the PBGC a notice of intention to terminate a Pension Benefit Plan or Multiemployer Plan or Canadian Pension Plans or to have a trustee appointed to 
 141 

 administer a Pension Benefit Plan or Multiemployer Plan, together with copies of each such notice, (vi) any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group shall receive any unfavorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service regarding the qualification of a Plan under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, together with copies of each such letter; (vii) any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group shall receive a notice regarding the imposition of withdrawal liability from a Multiemployer Plan, together with copies of each such notice; (viii) any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group shall fail to make a required installment or any other required payment to any Pension Benefit Plan or Multiemployer Plan under the Internal Revenue Code or ERISA on or before the due date for such installment or payment; (ix) any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group knows that (a) a Multiemployer Plan has been terminated, (b) the administrator or plan sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan or Canadian Union Plan intends to terminate a Multiemployer Plan, (c) the PBGC has instituted or will institute proceedings under Section 4042 of ERISA to terminate a Multiemployer Plan or (d) a Multiemployer Plan is subject to Section 432 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 305 of ERISA; (x) any Loan Party shall receive notice (or a notice of intent to issue such a notice) from Canada Revenue Agency regarding the revocation of registered status of a Canadian Pension Plan under the Income Tax Act (Canada); or (xi) except when the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, any Loan Party shall fail to make or remit any required contributions or payments in respect of a Canadian Pension Plan on or before the due date for such contribution or payment or any other Canadian Pension Event. 9.16. Additional Documents . Execute and deliver to Agent, upon request, such documents and agreements as Agent may, from time to time, request to carry out the purposes, terms or conditions of this Agreement. 9.17. Updates to Certain Schedules . Deliver to Agent promptly as shall be required to maintain the related representations and warranties as true and correct, updates to Schedules 4.4 (Locations of Equipment and Inventory), 5.9 (Intellectual Property), 5.21 (Equity Interests), 5.22 (Commercial Tort Claims), 5.23 (Letter-of-Credit Rights), 5.24 (Material Contracts) Schedule 7.3 (Guarantees) and Schedule 7.11 (Permitted Joint Ventures) to this Agreement; provided, that absent the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default, the Loan Parties shall only be required to provide such updates on a quarterly basis in connection with delivery of a Compliance Certificate with respect to the applicable quarter. Any such updated Schedules delivered by the Loan Parties to Agent in accordance with this Section 9.17 shall automatically and immediately be deemed to amend and restate the prior version of such Schedule previously delivered to Agent and attached to and made part of this Agreement. 9.18. Financial Disclosure . Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs all accountants and auditors employed by such Loan Party at any time during the Term to exhibit and deliver to Agent and each Lender copies of any of such Loan Party s financial statements, trial balances or other accounting records of any sort in the accountant s or auditor s possession, and to disclose to Agent and each Lender any information such accountants may have concerning such Loan Party s financial status and business operations. Each Loan Party hereby authorizes all Governmental Bodies to deliver to Agent and each Lender copies of reports or examinations relating to such Loan Party, whether made by such Loan Party or otherwise; provided however, Agent and each Lender will attempt to obtain such information or materials directly from such 
 142 

 Loan Party prior to obtaining such information or materials from such accountants or Governmental Bodies. 9.19. Teleconferences with Loan Parties: Commencing in January 2023, the Loan Parties shall host teleconferences and/or virtual conferences with the Agent and Lenders, and the Loan Parties shall cause members of the Loan Parties management team to participate in such teleconferences and/or virtual conferences, on at least a monthly basis on such dates and at such times as agreed between the Loan Parties and the Agent or on such other dates and times as reasonably requested by Agent, the purpose of which conferences shall be for the Loan Parties and Agent and Lenders to discuss the Loan Parties business and financial performance. 9.20. Cashflow Report. Loan Parties shall deliver to Agent and Lenders (i) on the last Business Day of each calendar week following the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, a 13-week cash flow forecast (the Cash Flow Forecast for the Loan Parties on a weekly basis in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent (provided that, the first three (3) weeks of each such forecast shall set forth daily cash flow forecasts), such forecasts to be accompanied by a certificate signed by an authorized officer of Loan Parties, in such Person s capacity as such, to the effect that such forecast has been prepared in good faith consistent with past financial statements of the Loan Parties and based on assumptions believed by such Person to be reasonable as of such date and (ii) such other information as may reasonably be requested by the Agent and the Lenders in connection therewith. 9.21. Engagement of Consultant. The Loan Parties shall continue to engage, at their own expense, the services of G2 Capital Advisors LLC (or such other third-party consultant reasonably acceptable to Agent) (the Consultant for the purpose of (i) participating in preparation and delivery of the Cash Flow Forecast delivered in accordance with Section 9.20 of this Agreement, (ii) assisting with the monitoring of vendor payments, and (iii) participating in preparation and delivery of certain reporting to Agent and Lenders, including, without limitation, participating in the preparation and delivery of Borrowing Base Certificates and Compliance Certificates. Each of the Loan Parties expressly authorizes the Consultant to consult with the Agent and Lenders and to share with Agent and Lenders all records, projections, financial information, reports and other information prepared by or in the possession of the Consultant relating to the Collateral, or the financial condition or operations of the business of the Loan Parties and to respond fully to any reasonable inquiries of the Agent or any Lender regarding the assets, prospects, business and operations of the Loan Parties and communicate and fully cooperate with Agent and the Lenders; provided, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 9.21, Consultant shall not be required to disclose such other information where such disclosure of such other information would, in Holdings reasonable judgment upon the advice of counsel, (1) jeopardize the attorney-client privilege or other immunity or protection from disclosure available to Holdings under applicable law, (2) conflict with the non-disclosure requirements, if any, contained in any bona fide contract with a third-party to which either Consultant (in its capacity as a consultant to Holdings) or Holdings is party or is bound, or (3) constitute the disclosure of materials or work product generated by Consultant or others specifically for review by the Board of Directors of Holdings and where the disclosure of such other information could reasonably be regarded as a poor corporate governance practice or could be reasonably likely to jeopardize the ability of the Board of Directors of Holdings to discharge its fiduciary obligations to Holdings and its stockholders; 
 143 

 provided, further, that in the case of each of the preceding clauses (1), (2) and (3), the Consultant shall promptly inform the Agent of the general nature of the information being withheld and provide such information, in whole or in part, in a manner that would not result in the outcome described in the foregoing clause (1), (2) or (3), as applicable. Documents delivered pursuant to this Article IX may be delivered electronically to Agent for further distribution to each Lender and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date that the Borrowing Agent delivers such documents to Agent by electronic mail; provided that, upon written request, the Borrowing Agent shall deliver paper copies to Agent for further distribution to the Lenders until a written notice to cease delivering such paper copies is given by Agent to the Borrowing Agent. X. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default : 10.1. Nonpayment . Failure by any Loan Party to pay when due (a) any principal or interest on the Obligations (including without limitation pursuant to Section 2.9 hereof), or (b) any other fee, charge, amount or liability provided for herein or in any Other Document, in each case whether at maturity, by reason of acceleration pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, by notice of intention to prepay or by required prepayment; 10.2. Breach of Representation . Except as provided in Section 10.18 hereof, any representation or warranty made or deemed made by any Loan Party in this Agreement, any Other Document or in any agreement, documents, certificate or financial or other written statement provided at any time in connection herewith or therewith shall prove to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect on the date when made or deemed to have been made; 10.3. Financial Information . Failure by any Loan Party to (a) deliver financial information when due under Section 6.2, Article IX or any other Section of this Agreement or, if no due date is specified herein, within three (3) Business Days following a request therefor, or (b) permit the inspection of its books or records or access to its premises for audits and appraisals in accordance with the terms hereof; 10.4. Judicial Actions . Issuance of a notice of Lien, levy, assessment, injunction or attachment (a) against any Loan Party s Inventory or Receivables or (b) against a material portion of any Loan Party s other property which is not stayed or lifted within thirty (30) days; 10.5. Noncompliance . Except as otherwise provided for in Sections 10.1, 10.3, 10.5(b), and 10.18 hereof, (a) failure or neglect of any Loan Party, or any Person to perform, keep or observe any term, provision, condition, covenant herein, or in any Other Document or any other agreement or arrangement, now or hereafter entered into between any Loan Party or such Person, and Agent or any Lender, or (b) failure or neglect of any Loan Party to perform, keep or observe any term, provision, condition or covenant in Sections 4.5, 6.1, 6.3, 6.11, 6.13, 9.4 or 9.6 hereof which is not cured within ten (10) days from the occurrence of such failure or neglect; 
 144 

 10.6. Judgments . Any (a) final judgment, writ, order or decree for the payment of money are rendered against any Loan Party for an aggregate amount in excess of 500,000 or against all Loan Parties for an aggregate amount in excess of 500,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of such judgment or order and does not deny or fail to confirm coverage) and (b) action shall be legally taken by any judgment creditor to levy upon assets or properties of any Loan Party to enforce any such judgment and (i) such judgment shall remain undischarged, unvacated, unstayed or unbonded for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect, or (ii) any Liens arising by virtue of the rendition, entry or issuance of such judgment upon assets or properties of any Loan Party shall be senior to any Liens in favor of Agent on such assets or properties; 10.7. Bankruptcy . Any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party shall (a) apply for, consent to or suffer the appointment of, or the taking of possession by, a receiver, intermin receiver, receiver and manager, monitor, custodian, trustee, liquidator or similar fiduciary of itself or of all or a substantial part of its property, (b) admit in writing its inability, or be generally unable, to pay its debts as they become due or cease operations of its present business, (c) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (d) commence a voluntary case under any state or federal bankruptcy or receivership laws (as now or hereafter in effect) or any other Insolvency Law, (e) be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent (including by entry of any order for relief in any involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding commenced against it), (f) file a petition seeking to take advantage of any other law providing for the relief of debtors or any Insolvency Law, (g) acquiesce to, or fail to have dismissed, within thirty (30) days, any petition filed against it in any involuntary case under such bankruptcy laws or other Insolvency Laws, or (h) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; 10.8. [Reserved] ; 10.9. Lien Priority . Any Lien created hereunder or provided for hereby or under any of the Other Documents for any reason ceases to be or is not a valid and perfected Lien having a first priority Lien (subject only to Permitted Encumbrances that have priority as a matter of Applicable Law to the extent such Liens only attach to Collateral other than Receivables or Inventory, and the Intercreditor Agreement), except to the extent that any such loss of perfection or priority results from the failure of Agent to maintain possession of certificates actually received by it representing securities pledged under the Pledge Agreement or Canadian Security Agreements, or to file Uniform Commercial Code continuation statements in the applicable jurisdictions as required under the Uniform Commercial Code to continue the perfection of such security interest or the equivalent in the applicable jurisdiction; 10.10. EICF/CION Term Loan/Wynnefield Default . (a) An event of default has occurred under the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents, which default shall not have been cured or waived within any applicable grace period, or if any Person party to the Intercreditor Agreement breaches or violates, in any material respect, or attempts to terminate or challenge the validity of, such Intercreditor Agreement or (b) an event of default has occurred under the Wynnefield Loan Documents, which default shall not have been cured or waived within any applicable grace period, or if any Person party to the Subordination Agreement applicable to the Wynnefield Loan 
 145 

 Documents breaches or violates, in any material respect, or attempts to terminate or challenge the validity of, such Subordination Agreement; 10.11. Cross Default . Either (a) any specified event of default under any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations and the obligations under the EICF/CION Term Loan Documents and the Wynnefield Loan Documents) of any Loan Party with a then-outstanding principal balance (or, in the case of any Indebtedness not so denominated, with a then-outstanding total obligation amount) of 500,000 or more, or any other event or circumstance which would permit the holder of any such Indebtedness of any Loan Party to accelerate such Indebtedness (and/or the obligations of such Loan Party thereunder) prior to the scheduled maturity or termination thereof, shall occur (regardless of whether the holder of such Indebtedness shall actually accelerate, terminate or otherwise exercise any rights or remedies with respect to such Indebtedness) or (b) a default of the obligations of any Loan Party under any other agreement to which it is a party shall occur which has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; 10.12. Breach of Guaranty, Guarantor Security Agreement or Pledge Agreement . Termination or breach of any Guaranty, Guarantor Security Agreement, Pledge Agreement or similar agreement executed and delivered to Agent in connection with the Obligations of any Loan Party, or if any Loan Party or pledgor attempts to terminate or challenges the validity of, its liability under, any such Guaranty, Guarantor Security Agreement, Pledge Agreement or similar agreement (other than as a result of repayment in full of the Obligations and termination of the Commitments); 10.13. Change of Control . Any Change of Control shall occur; 10.14. Invalidity . Any material provision of this Agreement or any Other Document shall, for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or the satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, cease to be valid and binding on any Loan Party, or any Loan Party shall so claim in writing to Agent or any Lender or any Loan Party challenges the validity of its liability under this Agreement or any Other Document (other than as a result of repayment in full of the Obligations and termination of the Commitments); 10.15. Seizures . Any (a) portion of the Collateral shall be seized, subject to garnishment or taken by a Governmental Body, or any Loan Party, or (b) the title and rights of any Loan Party, in and to the Collateral shall have become the subject matter of claim, litigation, suit, garnishment or other proceeding which might, in the opinion of Agent, upon final determination, result in impairment or loss of the security provided by this Agreement or the Other Documents; 10.16. [Reserved] ; 10.17. Pension Plans . An event or condition specified in Section 7.16 or 9.15 hereof shall occur or exist with respect to any Plan, Multiemployer Plan, Canadian Pension Plan, Canadian Benefit Plan or Canadian Union Plan, and, as a result of such event or condition, together with all other such events or conditions, any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group shall incur, or in the reasonable opinion of Agent be reasonably likely to incur, a liability to a Plan, Multiemployer Plan, Canadian Pension Plan, Canadian Benefit Plan or 
 146 

 Canadian Union Plan, or the PBGC (or one or more) which, in the judgment of Agent, would have a Material Adverse Effect; or the occurrence of any Termination Event or Canadian Pension Event which, in the judgment of Agent, would have a Material Adverse Effect, or any Loan Party s failure to promptly report a Termination Event or Canadian Pension Event in accordance with Section 9.15 hereof; or 10.18. Anti-Terrorism Laws . If (a) any representation or warranty contained in (i) Section 16.18 hereof or (ii) any corresponding section of any Guaranty is or becomes false or misleading at any time, (b) any Borrower shall fail to comply with its obligations under Section 16.18 hereof, or (c) any Guarantor shall fail to comply with its obligations under any section of any Guaranty containing provisions comparable to those set forth in Section 16.18 hereof. XI. LENDERS RIGHTS AND REMEDIES AFTER DEFAULT. 11.1. Rights and Remedies . (a) Upon the occurrence of: (i) an Event of Default pursuant to Section 10.7 hereof (other than Section 10.7(g) hereof), all Obligations shall be immediately due and payable and this Agreement and the obligation of Lenders to make Advances shall be deemed terminated, (ii) any of the other Events of Default and at any time thereafter, at the option of Agent or at the direction of Required Lenders all Obligations shall be immediately due and payable and Agent or Required Lenders shall have the right to terminate this Agreement and to terminate the obligation of Lenders to make Advances; and (iii) without limiting Section 8.2 hereof, any Default under Section 10.7(g) hereof, the obligation of Lenders to make Advances hereunder shall be suspended until such time as such involuntary petition shall be dismissed. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, Agent shall have the right to exercise any and all rights and remedies provided for herein, under the Other Documents, under the Uniform Commercial Code, the PPSA and at law or equity generally, including the right to foreclose the security interests granted herein and to realize upon any Collateral by any available judicial procedure and/or to take possession of and sell any or all of the Collateral with or without judicial process. Agent may enter any of any Loan Party s premises or other premises without legal process and without incurring liability to any Loan Party therefor, and Agent may thereupon, or at any time thereafter, in its discretion without notice or demand, take the Collateral and remove the same to such place as Agent may deem advisable and Agent may require the Loan Parties to make the Collateral available to Agent at a convenient place. With or without having the Collateral at the time or place of sale, Agent may sell the Collateral, or any part thereof, at public or private sale, at any time or place, in one or more sales, at such price or prices, and upon such terms, either for cash, credit or future delivery, as Agent may elect. Except as to that part of the Collateral which is perishable or threatens to decline speedily in value or is of a type customarily sold on a recognized market, Agent shall give the Loan Parties reasonable notification of such sale or sales, it being agreed that in all events written notice mailed to Borrowing Agent at least ten (10) days prior to such sale or sales is reasonable notification. At any public sale Agent or any Lender may bid (including credit bid) for and become the purchaser, and Agent, any Lender or any other purchaser at any such sale thereafter shall hold the Collateral sold absolutely free from any claim or right of whatsoever kind, including any equity of redemption and all such claims, rights and equities are hereby expressly waived and released by each Loan Party. In connection 
 147 

 with the exercise of the foregoing remedies, including the sale of Inventory, Agent is granted a perpetual non-revocable, royalty free, nonexclusive license and Agent is granted permission to use all of each Loan Party s (a) Intellectual Property which is used or useful in connection with Inventory for the purpose of marketing, advertising for sale and selling or otherwise disposing of such Inventory and (b) Equipment for the purpose of completing the manufacture of unfinished goods. The Net Cash Proceeds realized from the sale of any Collateral shall be applied to the Obligations in the order set forth in Section 11.6 hereof. Non-cash proceeds will only be applied to the Obligations as they are converted into cash. If any deficiency shall arise, the Loan Parties shall remain liable to Agent and Lenders therefor. (b) To the extent that Applicable Law imposes duties on Agent to exercise remedies in a commercially reasonable manner, each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that it is not commercially unreasonable for Agent: (i) to fail to incur expenses deemed significant by Agent to prepare Collateral for disposition or otherwise to complete raw material or work in process into finished goods or other finished products for disposition; (ii) to fail to obtain third party consents for access to Collateral to be disposed of, or to obtain or, if not required by other law, to fail to obtain governmental or third party consents for the collection or disposition of Collateral to be collected or disposed of; (iii) to fail to exercise collection remedies against Customers or other Persons obligated on Collateral or to remove Liens on or any adverse claims against Collateral; (iv) to exercise collection remedies against Customers and other Persons obligated on Collateral directly or through the use of collection agencies and other collection specialists; (v) to advertise dispositions of Collateral through publications or media of general circulation, whether or not the Collateral is of a specialized nature; (vi) to contact other Persons, whether or not in the same business as any Loan Party, for expressions of interest in acquiring all or any portion of such Collateral; (vii) to hire one or more professional auctioneers to assist in the disposition of Collateral, whether or not the Collateral is of a specialized nature; (viii) to dispose of Collateral by utilizing internet sites that provide for the auction of assets of the types included in the Collateral or that have the reasonable capacity of doing so, or that match buyers and sellers of assets; (ix) to dispose of assets in wholesale rather than retail markets; (x) to disclaim disposition warranties, such as title, possession or quiet enjoyment, (xi) to purchase insurance or credit enhancements to insure Agent against risks of loss, collection or disposition of Collateral or to provide to Agent a guaranteed return from the collection or disposition of Collateral; or (xii) to the extent deemed appropriate by Agent, to obtain the services of other brokers, investment bankers, consultants and other professionals to assist Agent in the collection or disposition of any of the Collateral. Each Loan Party acknowledges that the purpose of this Section 11.1(b) is to provide non-exhaustive indications of what actions or omissions by Agent would not be commercially unreasonable in Agent s exercise of remedies against the Collateral and that other actions or omissions by Agent shall not be deemed commercially unreasonable solely on account of not being indicated in this Section 11.1(b). Without limitation upon the foregoing, nothing in this Section 11.1(b) shall be construed to grant any rights to any Loan Party or to impose any duties on Agent that would not have been granted or imposed by this Agreement or by Applicable Law in the absence of this Section 11.1(b). (c) Without limiting any other provision hereof: (i) At any bona fide public sale, and to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, at any private sale, Agent shall be free to purchase all or any part of the 
 148 

 Investment Property. Any such sale may be on cash or credit. Agent shall be authorized at any such sale (if it deems it advisable to do so) to restrict the prospective bidders or purchasers to persons who will represent and agree that they are purchasing the Investment Property for their own account in compliance with Regulation D of the Securities Act or any other applicable exemption available under the Securities Act. Agent will not be obligated to make any sale if it determines not to do so, regardless of the fact that notice of the sale may have been given. Agent may adjourn any sale and sell at the time and place to which the sale is adjourned. If the Investment Property is customarily sold on a recognized market or threatens to decline speedily in value, Agent may sell such Investment Property at any time without giving prior notice to any Loan Party or other Person. (ii) Each Loan Party recognizes that Agent may be unable to effect or cause to be effected a public sale of the Investment Property by reason of certain prohibitions of the Securities Act, so that Agent may be compelled to resort to one or more private sales to a restricted group of purchasers who will be obligated to agree, among other things, to acquire the Investment Property for their own account, for investment and without a view to the distribution or resale thereof. Each Loan Party understands that private sales so made may be at prices and on other terms less favorable to the seller than if the Investment Property were sold at public sales, and agrees that Agent has no obligation to delay or agree to delay the sale of any of the Investment Property for the period of time necessary to permit the issuer of the securities which are part of the Investment Property (even if the issuer would agree), to register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. Each Loan Party agrees that private sales made under the foregoing circumstances shall be deemed to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner. (iii) The Net Cash Proceeds arising from the disposition of the Investment Property after deducting expenses incurred by Agent will be applied to the Obligations pursuant to Section 11.6 hereof. If any excess remains after the discharge of all of the Obligations, the same will be paid to the applicable Loan Party or to any other Person that may be legally entitled thereto. At any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default (A) Agent may transfer any or all of the Investment Property into its name or that of its nominee and may exercise all voting rights with respect to the Investment Property, but no such transfer shall constitute a taking of such Investment Property in satisfaction of any or all of the Obligations, and (B) Agent shall be entitled to receive, for application to the Obligations, all cash or stock dividends and distributions, interest and premiums declared or paid on the Investment Property. 11.2. Agent s Discretion . Agent shall have the right in its sole discretion to determine which rights, Liens, security interests or remedies Agent may at any time pursue, relinquish, subordinate, or modify, which procedures, timing and methodologies to employ, and what any other action to take with respect to any or all of the Collateral and in what order, thereto and such determination will not in any way modify or affect any of Agent s or Lenders rights hereunder as against the Loan Parties or each other. 
 149 

 11.3. Setoff . Subject to Section 14.13 hereof, in addition to any other rights which Agent or any Lender may have under Applicable Law, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder, Agent and such Lender shall have a right, immediately and without notice of any kind, to apply any Loan Party s property held by Agent and such Lender or any of their Affiliates to reduce the Obligations and to exercise any and all rights of setoff which may be available to Agent and such Lender with respect to any deposits held by Agent or such Lender. 11.4. Appointment of a Receiver . (a) Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, Agent shall be entitled to the immediate appointment of a receiver (which term includes an interim receiver or receiver and manager) for all or part of the Collateral, whether such receivership is incidental to a proposed sale of the Collateral or otherwise. In such event, Agent may take proceedings in any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a receiver of the Collateral or of any part thereof or may, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, by instrument in writing appoint any Person to be a receiver of the Collateral or of any part thereof and may remove any receiver so appointed by Agent and appoint another in that Person s stead. Any such receiver appointed by instrument in writing shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, have all of the rights, remedies, benefits and powers of Agent under this Agreement and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any such receiver (or Agent) shall have the power to, to the full extent permitted by Applicable Law: (i) take possession of the Collateral or any part thereof; (ii) carry on or concur in carrying on all or any part or parts of the business of the Loan Parties relating to the Collateral; (iii) file such proofs of claim and other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have such receiver s claim lodged in any bankruptcy, winding-up or other judicial proceedings relative to the Loan Parties; (iv) borrow money required for the seizure, repossession, retaking, repair, insurance, maintenance, preservation, protection, collection, preparation for disposition, disposition or realization of the Collateral or any part thereof and for the enforcement of this Agreement or for the carrying on of the business of the Loan Parties on the security of the Collateral in priority to the security interest created under this Agreement; and (v) sell, lease or otherwise dispose of, or concur in the sale, lease or other disposition of, the whole or any part of the Collateral at public auction, by public tender or by private sale, lease or other disposition, either for cash or upon credit, at such time and upon such terms and conditions as the receiver may determine. (b) Any such receiver shall for all purposes be deemed to be the agent of the Loan Parties. Agent may from time to time fix a commercially reasonable remuneration of such receiver. Agent shall not in any way be responsible for any misconduct or negligence of any such receiver. Each Loan Party hereby consents to the appointment of any such a receiver without bond, to the full extent permitted by Applicable Law. 
 150 

 11.5. Rights and Remedies not Exclusive . The enumeration of the foregoing rights and remedies is not intended to be exhaustive and the exercise of any rights or remedy shall not preclude the exercise of any other right or remedies provided for herein or otherwise provided by law, all of which shall be cumulative and not alternative. 11.6. Allocation of Payments After Event of Default . (a) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, all amounts collected or received by Agent on account of the Obligations (including without limitation any amounts on account of any of Cash Management Obligations or Hedge Obligations), or in respect of the Collateral may, at Agent s discretion, and shall, at the direction of the Required Lenders, be paid over or delivered as follows: FIRST, to the payment of all out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including attorneys fees) of Agent in connection with enforcing its rights and the rights of Lenders under this Agreement and the Other Documents, and any Out-of-Formula Loans and Protective Advances funded by Agent with respect to the Collateral under or pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; SECOND, to payment of any fees owed to Agent; THIRD, to the payment of all out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including attorneys fees) of each of the Lenders to the extent owing to such Lenders pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; FOURTH, to the payment of all of the Obligations consisting of accrued interest on account of the Swing Loans; FIFTH, to the payment of the outstanding principal amount of the Obligations consisting of Swing Loans; SIXTH, to the payment of all Obligations arising under this Agreement and the Other Documents consisting of accrued fees and interest (other than interest in respect of Swing Loans paid pursuant to clause FOURTH above); SEVENTH, to the payment of the outstanding principal amount of the Obligations (other than principal in respect of Swing Loans paid pursuant to clause FIFTH above) arising under this Agreement, including Cash Management Obligations and Hedge Obligations (to the extent reserves for such Cash Management Obligations and Hedge Obligations have been established by Agent) and the payment or cash collateralization of any outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with Section 3.2(b) hereof; EIGHTH, to all other Obligations arising under this Agreement, under the Other Documents or otherwise which shall have become due and payable and not repaid pursuant to clauses FIRST through SEVENTH above; and 
 151 

 NINTH, to the payment of the surplus, if any, to whoever may be lawfully entitled to receive such surplus. (b) In carrying out the foregoing, (i) amounts received shall be applied in the numerical order provided until exhausted prior to application to the next succeeding category; (ii) each of the Lenders shall receive (so long as it is not a Defaulting Lender) an amount equal to its pro rata share (based on the proportion that the then outstanding Advances, Cash Management Obligations and Hedge Obligations held by such Lender bears to the aggregate then outstanding Advances, Cash Management Obligations and Hedge Obligations) of amounts available to be applied pursuant to clauses SIXTH , SEVENTH , EIGHTH and NINTH of subsection (a) above; (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 11.6, no Swap Obligations of any Non-Qualifying Party shall be paid with amounts received from such Non-Qualifying Party under its Guaranty (including sums received as a result of the exercise of remedies with respect to such Guaranty) or from the proceeds of such Non-Qualifying Party s Collateral if such Swap Obligations would constitute Excluded Hedge Liabilities, provided, however, that to the extent possible appropriate adjustments shall be made with respect to payments and/or the proceeds of Collateral from other Loan Parties that are Eligible Contract Participants with respect to such Swap Obligations to preserve the allocation to Obligations otherwise set forth above in this Section 11.6; and (iv) to the extent that any amounts available for distribution pursuant to clause SEVENTH of subsection (a) above are attributable to the issued but undrawn amount of outstanding Letters of Credit, such amounts shall be held by Agent as cash collateral for the Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 3.2(b) hereof and applied (A) first, to reimburse Issuer from time to time for any drawings under such Letters of Credit and (B) then, following the expiration of all Letters of Credit, to all other Obligations of the types described in clauses SEVENTH and EIGHTH of subsection (a) above in the manner provided in this Section 11.6. XII. WAIVERS AND JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS. 12.1. Waiver of Notice . Each Loan Party hereby waives notice of non-payment of any of the Receivables, demand, presentment, protest and notice thereof with respect to any and all instruments, notice of acceptance hereof, notice of loans or advances made, credit extended, Collateral received or delivered, or any other action taken in reliance hereon, and all other demands and notices of any description, except such as are expressly provided for herein. 12.2. Delay . No delay or omission on Agent s or any Lender s part in exercising any right, remedy or option shall operate as a waiver of such or any other right, remedy or option or of any Default or Event of Default. 12.3. Jury Waiver . EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION (A) ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER DOCUMENT OR ANY OTHER INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, OR (B) IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER DOCUMENT OR ANY OTHER INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR 
 152 

 AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED HERETO OR THERETO IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE AND EACH PARTY HEREBY CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY, AND THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENTS OF THE PARTIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. XIII. EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERMINATION. 13.1. Term . This Agreement, which shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the respective successors and permitted assigns of each Loan Party, Agent and each Lender, shall become effective on the Closing Date and shall continue in full force and effect until December 16, 2025 (the Term unless sooner terminated as herein provided. The Loan Parties may terminate this Agreement at any time so long as the Obligations are Paid in Full in connection therewith. Upon the earliest to occur of (a) any acceleration of the Obligations in accordance with the terms hereof, (b) termination of this Agreement by any party hereto in accordance with the terms of hereof, (c) the exercise of any remedies hereunder following the occurrence of an Event of Default, (d) Payment in Full of the Obligations, and (e) the expiration of the Term, the Loan Parties shall pay to Agent, in cash, for its sole and separate account and not the account of any Lender, a fee in an amount equal to 300,000 (the Exit Fee ). The Exit Fee shall be deemed earned in full on the date when same is due and payable hereunder and shall not be subject to rebate or proration upon termination of the Credit Agreement for any reason. 13.2. Termination . The termination of this Agreement shall not affect Agent s or any Lender s rights, or any of the Obligations having their inception prior to the effective date of such termination or any Obligations which pursuant to the terms hereof continue to accrue after such date, and the provisions hereof shall continue to be fully operative until (a) all of the Obligations have been Paid in Full and the Commitments and this Agreement have been terminated, and (b) each of the Loan Parties has released the Secured Parties from and against any and all claims of any nature whatsoever that any Loan Party may have against the Secured Parties. The security interests, Liens and rights granted to Agent and Lenders hereunder and the financing statements filed in connection herewith shall continue in full force and effect, notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement or the fact that Borrowers Account may from time to time be temporarily in a zero or credit position, until all of the Obligations have been Paid in Full after the termination of this Agreement or each Loan Party has provided Agent and Lenders with an indemnification satisfactory to Agent and Lenders with respect thereto. Accordingly, each Loan Party waives any rights which it may have under the Uniform Commercial Code or PPSA to demand the filing of termination statements with respect to the Collateral, and Agent shall not be required to send such termination statements to any Loan Party, or to file them with any filing office, unless and until this Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with its terms, the Commitments have been terminated and all of the Obligations have been Paid in Full. All representations, warranties, covenants, waivers and 
 153 

 agreements set forth herein shall survive termination hereof until the Payment in Full of the Obligations, the termination of the Commitments and the termination of this Agreement. XIV. REGARDING AGENT. 14.1. Appointment . Each Lender hereby designates PNC to act as Agent for such Lender under this Agreement and the Other Documents. Each Lender hereby irrevocably authorizes Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the Other Documents and to exercise such powers and to perform such duties hereunder and thereunder as are specifically delegated to or required of Agent by the terms hereof and thereof and such other powers as are incidental thereto and Agent shall hold all Collateral, payments of principal and interest, fees (except the fees set forth in Sections 2.8(b), 3.3 and 3.4 hereof and the Fee Letter), charges and collections received pursuant to this Agreement, for the ratable benefit of Lenders. Agent may perform any of its duties hereunder by or through its agents or employees. As to any matters not expressly provided for by this Agreement, Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of Required Lenders, and such instructions shall be binding; provided, however, that Agent shall not be required to take any action which, in Agent s discretion, exposes Agent to liability or which is contrary to this Agreement or the Other Documents or Applicable Law unless Agent is provided with an indemnification satisfactory to Agent with respect thereto. 14.2. Nature of Duties . Agent shall have no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this Agreement and the Other Documents. Neither Agent nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents shall be (i) liable for any action taken or omitted by them as such hereunder or in connection herewith, unless caused by their gross (not mere) negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment or order), or (ii) responsible in any manner for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof set forth in this Agreement, or in any of the Other Documents or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any of the Other Documents or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, due execution, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement, or any of the Other Documents or for any failure of any Loan Party to perform its obligations hereunder. Agent shall not be under any obligation to any Lender to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements set forth in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any of the Other Documents, or to inspect the properties, books or records of any Loan Party. The duties of Agent as respects the Advances to the Borrowers shall be mechanical and administrative in nature. Agent shall not have by reason of this Agreement a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Lender; and nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to or shall be so construed as to impose upon Agent any obligations in respect of this Agreement or the transactions described herein except as expressly set forth herein. 14.3. Lack of Reliance on Agent . Independently and without reliance upon Agent or any other Lender, each Lender has made and shall continue to make (a) its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of each Loan Party in connection with the making and the continuance of the Advances hereunder and the taking or not taking of any action 
 154 

 in connection herewith, and (b) its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of each Loan Party. Agent shall have no duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Lender with any credit or other information with respect thereto, whether coming into its possession before making of the Advances or at any time or times thereafter except as shall be provided by any Loan Party pursuant to the terms hereof. Agent shall not be responsible to any Lender for any recitals, statements, information, representations or warranties herein or in any agreement, document, certificate or a statement delivered in connection with or for the execution, effectiveness, genuineness, validity, enforceability, collectability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any Other Document, or of the financial condition of any Loan Party, or be required to make any inquiry concerning either the performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions or conditions of this Agreement, the Notes, the Other Documents or the financial condition or prospects of any Loan Party, or the existence of any Event of Default or any Default. 14.4. Resignation of Agent; Successor Agent . Agent may resign on thirty (30) days written notice to each Lender and Borrowing Agent and upon such resignation, Required Lenders will promptly designate a successor Agent reasonably satisfactory to Borrowing Agent (provided that no notice to or approval of Borrowing Agent shall be required (i) in any case where the successor Agent is one of the Lenders or (ii) after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default). Any such successor Agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of Agent, and shall in particular succeed to all of Agent s right, title and interest in and to all of the Liens in the Collateral securing the Obligations created hereunder or any Other Document, and the term Agent shall mean such successor agent effective upon its appointment, and the former Agent s rights, powers and duties as Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Agent. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, if at the time of the effectiveness of the new Agent s appointment, any further actions need to be taken in order to provide for the legally binding and valid transfer of any Liens in the Collateral from former Agent to new Agent and/or for the perfection of any Liens in the Collateral as held by new Agent or it is otherwise not then possible for new Agent to become the holder of a fully valid, enforceable and perfected Lien as to any of the Collateral, former Agent shall continue to hold such Liens solely as agent for perfection of such Liens on behalf of new Agent until such time as new Agent can obtain a fully valid, enforceable and perfected Lien on all Collateral, provided that Agent shall not be required to or have any liability or responsibility to take any further actions after such date as such agent for perfection to continue the perfection of any such Liens (other than to forego from taking any affirmative action to release any such Liens). After Agent s resignation as Agent, the provisions of this Article XIV, and any indemnification rights under this Agreement, including without limitation, rights arising under Section 16.5 hereof, shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this Agreement (and in the event resigning Agent continues to hold any Liens pursuant to the provisions of the immediately preceding sentence, the provisions of this Article XIV and any indemnification rights under this Agreement, including without limitation, rights arising under Section 16.5 hereof, shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such Liens). 14.5. Certain Rights of Agent . If Agent shall request instructions from Lenders with respect to any act or action (including failure to act) in connection with this Agreement or any Other Document, Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such act or taking such action unless and 
 155 

 until Agent shall have received instructions from Required Lenders; and Agent shall not incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining. Without limiting the foregoing, Lenders shall not have any right of action whatsoever against Agent as a result of its acting or refraining from acting hereunder in accordance with the instructions of Required Lenders. 14.6. Reliance . Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any note, writing, resolution, notice, statement, certificate, email, facsimile or telecopier message, order or other document or telephone message believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper person or entity, and, with respect to all legal matters pertaining to this Agreement and the Other Documents and its duties hereunder, upon advice of counsel selected by it. Agent may employ agents and attorneys-in-fact and shall not be liable for the default or misconduct of any such agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by Agent with reasonable care. 14.7. Notice of Default . Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default hereunder or under the Other Documents, unless Agent has received notice from a Lender or Borrowing Agent referring to this Agreement or the Other Documents, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default . In the event that Agent receives such a notice, Agent shall give notice thereof to Lenders. Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by Required Lenders; provided, that, unless and until Agent shall have received such directions, Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of Lenders. 14.8. Indemnification . To the extent Agent is not reimbursed and indemnified by the Loan Parties, each Lender will reimburse and indemnify Agent in proportion to its respective portion of the outstanding Advances and its respective Participation Commitments in the outstanding Letters of Credit and outstanding Swing Loans (or, if no Advances are outstanding, pro rata according to the percentage that its Revolving Commitment Amount constitutes of the total aggregate Revolving Commitment Amounts), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against Agent in performing its duties hereunder, or in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any Other Document; provided that Lenders shall not be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from Agent s gross (not mere) negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment or order). 14.9. Agent in its Individual Capacity . With respect to the obligation of Agent to lend under this Agreement, the Advances made by it shall have the same rights and powers hereunder as any other Lender and as if it were not performing the duties as Agent specified herein; and the term Lender or any similar term shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender. Agent may engage in business with any Loan Party as if it were not performing the duties specified herein, and may accept fees and other 
 156 

 consideration from any Loan Party for services in connection with this Agreement or otherwise without having to account for the same to Lenders. 14.10. Delivery of Documents . To the extent Agent receives financial statements required under Sections 9.7, 9.8, 9.9, 9.12 and 9.13 hereof or Borrowing Base Certificates from any Loan Party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement which any Loan Party is not obligated to deliver to each Lender, Agent will promptly provide such documents and information to Lenders. 14.11. Loan Parties Undertaking to Agent . Without prejudice to their respective obligations to Lenders under the other provisions of this Agreement, each Loan Party hereby undertakes with Agent to pay to Agent from time to time on demand all amounts from time to time due and payable by it for the account of Agent or Lenders or any of them pursuant to this Agreement to the extent not already paid. Any payment made pursuant to any such demand shall pro tanto satisfy the relevant Loan Party s obligations to make payments for the account of Lenders or the relevant one or more of them pursuant to this Agreement. 14.12. No Reliance on Agent s Customer Identification Program . To the extent the Advances or this Agreement is, or becomes, syndicated in cooperation with other Lenders, each Lender acknowledges and agrees that neither such Lender, nor any of its Affiliates, participants or assignees, may rely on Agent to carry out such Lender s, Affiliate s, participant s or assignee s customer identification program, or other obligations required or imposed under or pursuant to the USA PATRIOT Act or the regulations thereunder, including the regulations contained in 31 CFR 103.121 (as hereafter amended, modified, supplemented or replaced, the CIP Regulations ), the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada) or any other Anti-Terrorism Law, including any programs involving any of the following items relating to or in connection with any of the Loan Parties, their Affiliates or their agents, the Other Documents or the transactions hereunder or contemplated hereby: (i) any identity verification procedures, (ii) any recordkeeping, (iii) comparisons with government lists, (iv) customer notices or (v) other procedures required under the CIP Regulations or such Anti-Terrorism Laws. 14.13. Other Agreements . Each of the Lenders agrees that it shall not, without the prior written consent of Agent, and that it shall, to the extent it is lawfully entitled to do so, upon the request of Agent, set off against the Obligations, any amounts owing by such Lender to any Loan Party or any deposit accounts of any Loan Party now or hereafter maintained with such Lender. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, each of the Lenders further agrees that it shall not, unless specifically requested to do so by Agent, take any action to protect or enforce its rights arising out of this Agreement or the Other Documents, it being the intent of Lenders that any such action to protect or enforce rights under this Agreement and the Other Documents shall be taken in concert and at the direction or with the consent of Agent or Required Lenders. XV. BORROWING AGENCY. 15.1. Borrowing Agency Provisions . 
 157 

 (a) Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably designates Borrowing Agent to be its attorney and agent and in such capacity, whether verbally, in writing or through electronic methods (including, without limitation, an Approved Electronic Communication), to (i) borrow, (ii) request advances, (iii) request the issuance of Letters of Credit, (iv) sign and endorse notes, (v) execute and deliver all instruments, documents, applications, security agreements, reimbursement agreements and letter of credit agreements for Letters of Credit and all other agreements, documents, instruments, certificates, notices and further assurances now or hereafter required hereunder, (vi) make elections regarding interest rates, (vii) give instructions regarding Letters of Credit and agree with Issuer upon any amendment, extension or renewal of any Letter of Credit and (viii) otherwise take action under and in connection with this Agreement and the Other Documents, all on behalf of and in the name of such Loan Party or the Loan Parties, and hereby authorizes Agent to pay over or credit all loan proceeds hereunder in accordance with the request of Borrowing Agent. (b) The handling of this credit facility as a co-borrowing facility with a borrowing agent in the manner set forth in this Agreement is solely as an accommodation to the Loan Parties and at their request. Neither Agent nor any Lender shall incur liability to the Loan Parties as a result thereof. To induce Agent and Lenders to do so and in consideration thereof, each Loan Party hereby indemnifies Agent and each Lender and holds Agent and each Lender harmless from and against any and all liabilities, expenses, losses, damages and claims of damage or injury asserted against Agent or any Lender by any Person arising from or incurred by reason of the handling of the financing arrangements of the Loan Parties as provided herein, reliance by Agent or any Lender on any request or instruction from Borrowing Agent or any other action taken by Agent or any Lender with respect to this Section 15.1 except due to willful misconduct or gross (not mere) negligence by the indemnified party (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment or order). (c) All Obligations shall be joint and several, and each Loan Party shall make payment upon the maturity of the Obligations by acceleration or otherwise, and such obligation and liability on the part of each Loan Party shall in no way be affected by any extensions, renewals and forbearance granted by Agent or any Lender to any Loan Party, failure of Agent or any Lender to give any Loan Party notice of borrowing or any other notice, any failure of Agent or any Lender to pursue or preserve its rights against any Loan Party, the release by Agent or any Lender of any Collateral now or thereafter acquired from any Loan Party, and such agreement by each Loan Party to pay upon any notice issued pursuant thereto is unconditional and unaffected by prior recourse by Agent or any Lender to the other Loan Parties or any Collateral for such Loan Party s Obligations or the lack thereof. Each Loan Party waives all suretyship defenses. 15.2. Waiver of Subrogation . Each Loan Party expressly waives any and all rights of subrogation, reimbursement, indemnity, exoneration, contribution of any other claim which such Loan Party may now or hereafter have against the other Loan Parties or any other Person directly or contingently liable for the Obligations hereunder, or against or with respect to any other Loan Parties property (including, without limitation, any property which is Collateral for the Obligations), arising from the existence or performance of this Agreement, until the termination of the Commitments, the termination of this Agreement and the Payment in Full of the Obligations. 
 158 

 XVI. MISCELLANEOUS. 16.1. Governing Law . This Agreement and each Other Document (unless and except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in any such Other Document), and all matters relating hereto or thereto or arising herefrom or therefrom (whether arising under contract law, tort law or otherwise) shall, in accordance with Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York, be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. Any judicial proceeding brought by or against any Loan Party with respect to any of the Obligations, this Agreement or any of the Other Documents may be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of New York, United States of America, and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, each Loan Party accepts for itself and in connection with its properties, generally and unconditionally, the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts, and irrevocably agrees to be bound by any judgment rendered thereby in connection with this Agreement. Each Loan Party hereby waives personal service of any and all process upon it and consents that all such service of process may be made by certified or registered mail (return receipt requested) directed to Borrowing Agent at its address set forth in Section 16.6 hereof and service so made shall be deemed completed five (5) days after the same shall have been so deposited in the mails of the United States of America, or, at Agent s option, by service upon Borrowing Agent which each Loan Party irrevocably appoints as such Loan Party s agent for the purpose of accepting service within the State of New York. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted by law or shall limit the right of Agent or any Lender to bring proceedings against any Loan Party in the courts of any other jurisdiction. Each Loan Party waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens. Each Loan Party waives the right to remove any judicial proceeding brought against such Loan Party in any state court to any federal court. Any judicial proceeding by any Loan Party against Agent or any Lender involving, directly or indirectly, any matter or claim in any way arising out of, related to or connected with this Agreement or any of the Other Documents, shall be brought only in a federal or state court located in the County of New York, State of New York. 16.2. Entire Understanding . (a) This Agreement and the Other Documents contain the entire understanding between each Loan Party, Agent and each Lender and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, if any, relating to the subject matter hereof. Any promises, representations, warranties or guarantees not set forth herein and hereinafter made shall have no force and effect unless in writing, signed by each Loan Party s, Agent s and each Lender s respective officers. Neither this Agreement nor any portion or provisions hereof may be amended, modified, changed, waived, supplemented, discharged, cancelled or terminated orally or by any course of dealing, or in any manner other than by an agreement in writing, signed by the party to be charged. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Agent may modify this Agreement or any of the Other Documents for the purposes of completing missing content or correcting erroneous content of an administrative nature, without the need for a written amendment, provided that Agent shall send a copy of any such modification to the Borrowers and each Lender (which copy may be provided by electronic mail). Each Loan Party acknowledges that it has been advised by counsel in connection with the execution of this Agreement and Other 
 159 

 Documents and is not relying upon oral representations or statements inconsistent with the terms and provisions of this Agreement. (b) Required Lenders, Agent with the consent in writing of Required Lenders, and the Loan Parties may, subject to the provisions of this Section 16.2(b), from time to time enter into any written amendments to this Agreement or any of the Other Documents or any other supplemental agreements, documents or instruments for the purpose of adding or deleting any provisions or otherwise amending, modifying, supplementing, changing, varying or waiving in any manner the conditions, provisions or terms hereof or thereof or waiving any Event of Default hereunder or thereunder, but only to the extent specified in such written amendments or other agreements, documents or instruments; provided, however, that no such amendment, or other agreement, document or instrument shall: (i) increase the Revolving Commitment Percentage, or the maximum U.S. Dollar amount of the Revolving Commitment Amount of any Lender without the consent of such Lender directly affected thereby; (ii) whether or not any Advances are outstanding, extend the Term or the time for payment of principal or interest of any Advance (excluding the due date of any mandatory prepayment of an Advance), or any fee payable to any Lender, or reduce the principal amount of or the rate of interest borne by any Advances or reduce any fee payable to any Lender, without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby (except that Required Lenders may elect to waive or rescind any imposition of the Default Rate under Section 3.1 hereof or of default rates of Letter of Credit fees under Section 3.2 hereof (unless imposed by Agent)); (iii) increase the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; (iv) alter, amend or modify the definition of the term Required Lenders or this Section 16.2(b) without the consent of all Lenders; (v) alter, amend or modify the provisions of Section 11.6 hereof without the consent of all Lenders; (vi) change the rights and duties of Agent without the consent of all Lenders; (vii) subject to Section 16.2(d) below, permit any Revolving Advance to be made if after giving effect thereto the total of Revolving Advances outstanding hereunder would exceed the Formula Amount for more than sixty (60) consecutive Business Days or exceed one hundred and ten percent (110 of the Formula Amount without the consent of all Revolving Lenders; (viii) increase the Advance Rates above the Advance Rates in effect on the Closing Date without the consent of all Revolving Lenders; or (ix) release any Loan Party without the consent of all Lenders. 
 160 

 Any such supplemental agreement shall apply equally to each Lender and shall be binding upon the Loan Parties, Lenders and Agent and all future holders of the Obligations. In the case of any waiver, the Loan Parties, Agent and Lenders shall be restored to their former positions and rights, and any Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and not continuing, but no waiver of a specific Event of Default shall extend to any subsequent Event of Default (whether or not the subsequent Event of Default is the same as the Event of Default which was waived), or impair any right consequent thereon. (c) In the event that Agent requests the consent of a Lender pursuant to this Section 16.2 and such consent is denied, then Agent may, at its option, require such Lender to assign its interest in the Advances to Agent or to another Lender or to any other Person designated by Agent (the Designated Lender ), for a price equal to (i) then outstanding principal amount thereof plus (ii) accrued and unpaid interest and fees due such Lender, which interest and fees shall be paid when collected from the Loan Parties. In the event Agent elects to require any Lender to assign its interest to Agent or to the Designated Lender, Agent will so notify such Lender in writing within forty five (45) days following such Lender s denial, and such Lender will assign its interest to Agent or the Designated Lender no later than five (5) days following receipt of such notice pursuant to a Commitment Transfer Supplement executed by such Lender, Agent or the Designated Lender, as appropriate, and Agent. (d) Notwithstanding (i) the existence of a Default or an Event of Default, (ii) that any of the other applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 8.2 hereof have not been satisfied or the commitments of Lenders to make Revolving Advances hereunder have been terminated for any reason, or (iii) any other contrary provision of this Agreement, Agent may at its discretion and without the consent of any Lender, voluntarily permit the outstanding Revolving Advances at any time to exceed an amount equal to up to ten percent (10 of the Formula Amount for up to sixty (60) consecutive Business Days (the Out-of-Formula Loans ). If Agent is willing in its sole and absolute discretion to permit such Out-of-Formula Loans, Lenders holding the Revolving Commitments shall be obligated to fund such Out-of-Formula Loans in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitment Percentages, and such Out-of-Formula Loans shall be payable on demand and shall bear interest at the Default Rate for Revolving Advances consisting of Domestic Rate Loans; provided that , if Agent does permit Out-of-Formula Loans, neither Agent nor Lenders shall be deemed thereby to have changed the limits of Section 2.1(a) nor shall any Lender be obligated to fund Revolving Advances in excess of its Revolving Commitment Amount. For purposes of this Section, the discretion granted to Agent hereunder shall not preclude involuntary overadvances that may result from time to time due to the fact that the Formula Amount was unintentionally exceeded for any reason, including, but not limited to, Collateral previously deemed to be either Eligible Canadian Receivables , Eligible Receivables , Eligible Unbilled Receivables , or Eligible JV Receivables , as applicable, becomes ineligible, collections of Receivables applied to reduce outstanding Revolving Advances are thereafter returned for insufficient funds or overadvances are made to protect or preserve the Collateral. In the event Agent involuntarily permits the outstanding Revolving Advances to exceed the Formula Amount by more than ten percent (10 ), Agent shall use its efforts to have Borrowers decrease such excess in as expeditious a manner as is practicable under the circumstances and not inconsistent with the reason for such excess. Revolving Advances made after Agent has determined the existence of involuntary overadvances shall be deemed to be involuntary overadvances and shall be decreased in accordance with the 
 161 

 preceding sentence. To the extent any Out-of-Formula Loans are not actually funded by the other Lenders as provided for in this Section 16.2(d), Agent may elect in its discretion to fund such Out-of-Formula Loans and any such Out-of-Formula Loans so funded by Agent shall be deemed to be Revolving Advances made by and owing to Agent, and Agent shall be entitled to all rights (including accrual of interest) and remedies of a Lender holding a Revolving Commitment under this Agreement and the Other Documents with respect to such Revolving Advances. (e) In addition to (and not in substitution of) the discretionary Revolving Advances permitted in Section 16.2(d) above, Agent is hereby authorized by the Loan Parties and Lenders, at any time in Agent s sole discretion, regardless of (i) the existence of a Default or an Event of Default, (ii) whether any of the other applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 8.2 hereof have not been satisfied or the Revolving Commitments have been terminated for any reason, or (iii) any other contrary provision of this Agreement, to make Revolving Advances to Borrowers on behalf of Revolving Lenders which Agent, in its reasonable business judgment, deems necessary or desirable (A) to preserve or protect the Collateral, or any portion thereof, (B) to enhance the likelihood of, or maximize the amount of, repayment of the Advances and other Obligations, or (C) to pay any other amount chargeable to the Loan Parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement Protective Advances ). Revolving Lenders shall be obligated to fund such Protective Advances and effect a settlement with Agent therefor upon demand of Agent in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitment Percentages. To the extent any Protective Advances are not actually funded by the other Revolving Lenders as provided for in this Section 16.2(e), any such Protective Advances funded by Agent shall be deemed to be Revolving Advances made by and owing to Agent, and Agent shall be entitled to all rights (including accrual of interest) and remedies of a Revolving Lender with respect to such Revolving Advances. 16.3. Successors and Assigns; Participations; New Lenders . (a) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Loan Parties, Agent, each Lender, all future holders of the Obligations and their respective successors and assigns, except that no Loan Party may assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement (including, in each case, by way of an LLC Division) without the prior written consent of Agent and each Lender. (b) Each Loan Party acknowledges that in the regular course of commercial banking business one or more Lenders may at any time and from time to time sell participating interests in the Advances to other Persons (each such transferee or purchaser of a participating interest, a Participant ). Each Participant may exercise all rights of payment (including rights of set-off) with respect to the portion of such Advances held by it or other Obligations payable hereunder as fully as if such Participant were the direct holder thereof provided that (i) the Loan Parties shall not be required to pay to any Participant more than the amount which it would have been required to pay to any Lender which granted an interest in its Advances or other Obligations payable hereunder to such Participant had such Lender retained such interest in the Advances hereunder or other Obligations payable hereunder unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with Loan Party s prior written consent, and (ii) in no event shall the Loan Parties be required to pay any such amount arising from the same circumstances and with respect 
 162 

 to the same Advances or other Obligations payable hereunder to both such Lender and such Participant. Each Loan Party hereby grants to any Participant a continuing security interest in any deposits, moneys or other property actually or constructively held by such Participant as security for the Participant s interest in the Advances. (c) Any Lender, with the consent of Agent, may sell, assign or transfer all or any part of its rights and obligations under or relating to Revolving Advances under this Agreement and the Other Documents to one or more additional Persons and one or more additional Persons may commit to make Advances hereunder (each a Purchasing Lender ), in minimum amounts of not less than 1,000,000 pursuant to a Commitment Transfer Supplement, executed by a Purchasing Lender, the transferor Lender, and Agent and delivered to Agent for recording, provided, however, that each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to each of the Revolving Advances under this Agreement in which such Lender has an interest. Upon such execution, delivery, acceptance and recording, from and after the transfer effective date determined pursuant to such Commitment Transfer Supplement, (i) Purchasing Lender thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent provided in such Commitment Transfer Supplement, have the rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder with a Revolving Commitment Percentage as set forth therein, and (ii) the transferor Lender thereunder shall, to the extent provided in such Commitment Transfer Supplement, be released from its obligations under this Agreement, the Commitment Transfer Supplement creating a novation for that purpose. Such Commitment Transfer Supplement shall be deemed to amend this Agreement to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to reflect the addition of such Purchasing Lender and the resulting adjustment of the Revolving Commitment Percentages arising from the purchase by such Purchasing Lender of all or a portion of the rights and obligations of such transferor Lender under this Agreement and the Other Documents. Each Loan Party hereby consents to the addition of such Purchasing Lender and the resulting adjustment of the Revolving Commitment Percentages arising from the purchase by such Purchasing Lender of all or a portion of the rights and obligations of such transferor Lender under this Agreement and the Other Documents. The Loan Parties shall execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things in order to effectuate the foregoing; provided, however, that the consent of Borrowing Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) shall be required unless (x) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (y) such assignment is to a Permitted Assignee; provided that Borrowing Agent shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received prior notice thereof. (d) Any Lender, with the consent of Agent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, may directly or indirectly sell, assign or transfer all or any portion of its rights and obligations under or relating to Revolving Advances under this Agreement and the Other Documents to an entity, whether a corporation, partnership, trust, limited liability company or other entity that (i) is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and (ii) is administered, serviced or managed by the assigning Lender or an Affiliate of such Lender (a Purchasing CLO and together with each Participant and Purchasing Lender, each a Transferee and collectively the Transferees ), pursuant to a Commitment Transfer Supplement modified as appropriate to reflect the interest being assigned Modified 
 163 

 Commitment Transfer Supplement ), executed by any intermediate purchaser, the Purchasing CLO, the transferor Lender, and Agent as appropriate and delivered to Agent for recording. Upon such execution and delivery, from and after the transfer effective date determined pursuant to such Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement, (i) Purchasing CLO thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent provided in such Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement, have the rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder and (ii) the transferor Lender thereunder shall, to the extent provided in such Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement, be released from its obligations under this Agreement, the Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement creating a novation for that purpose. Such Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement shall be deemed to amend this Agreement to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to reflect the addition of such Purchasing CLO. Each Loan Party hereby consents to the addition of such Purchasing CLO. The Loan Parties shall execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things in order to effectuate the foregoing. (e) Agent, acting as a non-fiduciary agent of the Loan Parties, shall maintain at its address a copy of each Commitment Transfer Supplement and Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement delivered to it and a register (the Register for the recordation of the names and addresses of each Lender and the outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest and other fees due hereunder. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, in the absence of manifest error, and each Loan Party, Agent and Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of the Advance recorded therein for the purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by Borrowing Agent or any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Agent shall receive a fee in the amount of 3,500 payable by the applicable Purchasing Lender and/or Purchasing CLO upon the effective date of each transfer or assignment (other than to an intermediate purchaser) to such Purchasing Lender and/or Purchasing CLO. (f) Each Loan Party authorizes each Lender to disclose to any Transferee and any prospective Transferee any and all financial information in such Lender s possession concerning such Loan Party which has been delivered to such Lender by or on behalf of such Loan Party pursuant to this Agreement or in connection with such Lender s credit evaluation of such Loan Party. (g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, any Lender may at any time and from time to time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 16.4. Application of Payments . Agent shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply or reverse and re-apply any payment and any and all proceeds of Collateral to any portion of the Obligations. To the extent that any Loan Party makes a payment or Agent or any Lender receives any payment or proceeds of the Collateral for any Loan Party s benefit, which are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required to be repaid to a trustee, debtor in possession, receiver, custodian or any other party under any bankruptcy law, common law or equitable cause, then, to such extent, the Obligations or part 
 164 

 thereof intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continue as if such payment or proceeds had not been received by Agent or such Lender. 16.5. Indemnity . Each Loan Party shall defend, protect, indemnify, pay and save harmless Agent, Issuer, each Lender and each of their respective officers, directors, Affiliates, attorneys, employees and agents (each an Indemnified Party for and from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, fines, actions, judgments, suits, costs, charges, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including fees and disbursements of counsel (including allocated costs of internal counsel)) (collectively, Claims which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against any Indemnified Party arising out of or in any way relating to or as a consequence, direct or indirect, of: (a) this Agreement, the Other Documents, the Advances and other Obligations and/or the transactions contemplated hereby including the Transactions, (b) any action or failure to act or action taken only after delay or the satisfaction of any conditions by any Indemnified Party in connection with and/or relating to the negotiation, execution, delivery or administration of this Agreement and the Other Documents, the credit facilities established hereunder and thereunder and/or the transactions contemplated hereby including the Transactions, (c) any Loan Party s failure to observe, perform or discharge any of its covenants, obligations, agreements or duties under or breach of any of the representations or warranties made in this Agreement and the Other Documents, (d) the enforcement of any of the rights and remedies of Agent, Issuer or any Lender under this Agreement and the Other Documents, (e) any threatened or actual imposition of fines or penalties, or disgorgement of benefits, for violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law by any Loan Party, any Affiliate or Subsidiary of any of the Loan Parties, and (f) any claim, litigation, proceeding or investigation instituted or conducted by any Governmental Body or instrumentality, any Loan Party, any Affiliate or Subsidiary of any Loan Party, or any other Person with respect to any aspect of, or any transaction contemplated by, or referred to in, or any matter related to, this Agreement or the Other Documents, whether or not Agent or any Lender is a party thereto. Without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing, each Loan Party shall defend, protect, indemnify, pay and save harmless each Indemnified Party from (x) any Claims which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against any Indemnified Party arising out of or in any way relating to or as a consequence, direct or indirect, of the issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder, and (y) any Claims which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against any Indemnified Party under any Environmental Laws with respect to or in connection with any Real Property owned or leased by any Loan Party, any Hazardous Discharge, the presence of any Hazardous Materials affecting any Real Property owned or leased by any Loan Party (whether or not the same originates or emerges from such Real Property or any contiguous real estate), including any Claims consisting of or relating to the imposition or assertion of any Lien on any Real Property owned or leased by any Loan Party under any Environmental Laws and any loss of value of such Real Property as a result of the foregoing except to the extent such loss, liability, damage and expense is attributable to any Hazardous Discharge resulting from actions on the part of Agent or any Lender. The Loan Parties obligations under this Section 16.5 shall arise upon the discovery of the presence of any Hazardous Materials at any Real Property owned or leased by any Loan Party, whether or not any federal, state, or local environmental agency has taken or, to any Loan Party s knowledge, threatened any action in connection with the presence of any Hazardous Materials, in each such case except to the extent that any of the foregoing arises out of (x) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnified Party (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment or order), 
 165 

 or (y) a dispute among Indemnified Parties, to which the Borrowers and Guarantors are not a party, and which dispute does not arise from any act or omission of the Borrowers or Guarantors any of their respective affiliates (other than a claim against any agent or arranger solely in its capacity as an arranger or agent under the Other Documents). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this indemnity shall extend to any liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including fees and disbursements of counsel) asserted against or incurred by any of the Indemnified Parties by any Person under any Environmental Laws or similar laws by reason of any Loan Party s or any other Person s failure to comply with laws applicable to solid or hazardous waste materials, including Hazardous Materials and Hazardous Waste, or other Toxic Substances. This Section 16.5 shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 16.6. Notice . Any notice or request hereunder may be given to Borrowing Agent or any Loan Party or to Agent or any Lender at their respective addresses set forth below or at such other address as may hereafter be specified in a notice designated as a notice of change of address under this Section. Any notice, request, demand, direction or other communication (for purposes of this Section 16.6 only, a Notice to be given to or made upon any party hereto under any provision of this Agreement shall be given or made by telephone or in writing (which includes by means of electronic transmission (i.e., e-mail or facsimile transmission or by setting forth such Notice on a website to which the Loan Parties are directed (an Internet Posting if Notice of such Internet Posting (including the information necessary to access such site) has previously been delivered to the applicable parties hereto by another means set forth in this Section 16.6) in accordance with this Section 16.6. Any such Notice must be delivered to the applicable parties hereto at the addresses and numbers set forth under their respective names set forth below in this Section 16.6 or in accordance with any subsequent unrevoked Notice from any such party that is given in accordance with this Section 16.6. Any Notice shall be effective: (a) In the case of hand-delivery, when delivered; (b) If given by mail, four (4) days after such Notice is deposited with the United States or Canadian Postal Service, with first-class postage prepaid, return receipt requested; (c) In the case of a telephonic Notice, when a party is contacted by telephone, if delivery of such telephonic Notice is confirmed no later than the next Business Day by hand delivery, a facsimile or electronic transmission, an Internet Posting or an overnight courier delivery of a confirmatory Notice (received at or before noon on such next Business Day); (d) In the case of a facsimile transmission, when sent to the applicable party s facsimile machine s telephone number, if the party sending such Notice receives confirmation of the delivery thereof from its own facsimile machine; (e) In the case of electronic transmission, when actually received; 
 166 

 (f) In the case of an Internet Posting, upon delivery of a Notice of such posting (including the information necessary to access such site) by another means set forth in this Section 16.6; and (g) If given by any other means (including by overnight courier), when actually received. Any Lender giving a Notice to Borrowing Agent or any Loan Party shall concurrently send a copy thereof to Agent, and Agent shall promptly notify the other Lenders of its receipt of such Notice. (A) If to Agent or PNC at: PNC Bank, National Association 340 Madison Avenue, 11th Floor New York, NY 10173 Attention: Ryan Begley Facsimile: (212) 303-0060 Email: ryan.begley@pnc.com with a copy to: Blank Rome LLP 1271 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10020 Attention: Robert B. Stein Facsimile: (917) 332-3750 Email: rstein@BlankRome.com (B) If to a Lender (other than PNC), as specified in its Administrative Questionnaire. (C) If to Borrowing Agent or any Loan Party: Williams Industrial Services Group Inc. 100 Crescent Centre Parkway, Suite 1240 Tucker, Georgia 30084 Attention: Tracy D. Pagliara, President and Chief Executive Officer Facsimile: (866) 947-2710 Email: tpagliara@wisgrp.com with a copy to: 
 167 

 Thompson Hine LLP 127 Public Square, 3900 Key Center Cleveland, OH 44114 Attention: Katherine D. Brandt Facsimile: (216) 566-5800 Email: Katherine.Brandt@ThompsonHine.com 16.7. Survival . The obligations of the Loan Parties under Sections 2.2(f), 2.2(g), 2.2(h), 3.7, 3.8, 3.9, 3.10, 16.5 and 16.9 hereof and the obligations of Lenders under Sections 2.2, 2.15(b), 2.16, 2.18, 2.19 and 14.8 hereof, shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the Other Documents and the Payment in Full of the Obligations. 16.8. Severability . If any part of this Agreement is contrary to, prohibited by, or deemed invalid under Applicable Laws, such provision shall be inapplicable and deemed omitted to the extent so contrary, prohibited or invalid, but the remainder hereof shall not be invalidated thereby and shall be given effect so far as possible. 16.9. Expenses . The Loan Parties shall pay (a) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel for Agent), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the Other Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated); provided that, in the case of legal expenses paid or incurred in connection with this clause (a), (x) Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to one (1) outside counsel for PNC and the Lenders taken together and (y) one (1) local counsel for PNC and the Lenders taken together in each relevant jurisdiction, (b) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Issuer in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder, (c) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Agent, any Lender or Issuer (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any outside counsel for Agent, any Lender or Issuer), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (i) in connection with this Agreement and the Other Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (ii) in connection with the Advances made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Advances or Letters of Credit, and (d) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses of Agent s regular employees and agents engaged periodically to perform audits of any Loan Party s or any Loan Party s Affiliate s or Subsidiary s books, records and business properties. 16.10. Injunctive Relief . Each Loan Party recognizes that, in the event any Loan Party fails to perform, observe or discharge any of its obligations or liabilities under this Agreement, or threatens to fail to perform, observe or discharge such obligations or liabilities, any remedy at law may prove to be inadequate relief to Lenders; therefore, Agent, if Agent so requests, shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief in any such case without the necessity of proving that actual damages are not an adequate remedy. 
 168 

 16.11. Consequential Damages . Neither Agent nor any Lender, nor any agent or attorney for any of them, shall be liable to any Loan Party (or any Affiliate of any such Person) for indirect, punitive, exemplary or consequential damages arising from any breach of contract, tort or other wrong relating to the establishment, administration or collection of the Obligations or as a result of any transaction contemplated under this Agreement or any Other Document. 16.12. Captions . The captions at various places in this Agreement are intended for convenience only and do not constitute and shall not be interpreted as part of this Agreement. 16.13. Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures . This Agreement may be executed in any number of and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, all of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall constitute one and the same agreement. Any signature delivered by a party by facsimile or electronic transmission (including email transmission of a PDF image) shall be deemed to be an original signature hereto. 16.14. Construction . The parties acknowledge that each party and its counsel have reviewed this Agreement and that the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement or any amendments, schedules or exhibits thereto. 16.15. Confidentiality; Sharing Information . Agent, each Lender and each Transferee shall hold all non-public information obtained by Agent, such Lender or such Transferee pursuant to the requirements of this Agreement in accordance with Agent s, such Lender s and such Transferee s customary procedures for handling confidential information of this nature; provided, however, Agent, each Lender and each Transferee may disclose such confidential information (a) to its examiners, Affiliates, financing sources, directors, officers, partners, employees, agents, outside auditors, counsel and other professional advisors, (b) to Agent, any Lender or to any prospective Transferees, (c) in connection with, and to the extent necessary for, the exercise of any secured creditor remedy under this Agreement or under any of the Other Documents, and (d) as required or requested by any Governmental Body or representative thereof or pursuant to legal process; provided, further that (i) unless specifically prohibited by Applicable Law, Agent, each Lender and each Transferee shall use its reasonable best efforts prior to disclosure thereof, to notify the applicable Loan Party of the applicable request for disclosure of such non-public information (A) by a Governmental Body or representative thereof (other than any such request in connection with an examination of the financial condition of a Lender or a Transferee by such Governmental Body) or (B) pursuant to legal process and (ii) in no event shall Agent, any Lender or any Transferee be obligated to return any materials provided by any Loan Party other than those documents and instruments in possession of Agent or any Lender in order to perfect its Lien on the Collateral once the Obligations have been Paid in Full, the Commitments have been terminated and this Agreement has been terminated. Each Loan Party acknowledges that from time to time financial advisory, investment banking and other services may be offered or provided to such Loan Party or one or more of its Affiliates (in connection with this Agreement or otherwise) by any Lender or by one or more Subsidiaries or Affiliates of such Lender and each Loan Party hereby authorizes each Lender to share any information delivered to such Lender by such Loan Party and its Subsidiaries pursuant to this Agreement, or in connection with the decision of such Lender to enter into this Agreement, to any such Subsidiary or Affiliate of such Lender, it being understood that any such Subsidiary or 
 169 

 Affiliate of any Lender receiving such information shall be bound by the provisions of this Section 16.15 as if it were a Lender hereunder. Such authorization shall survive the repayment of the other Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. Notwithstanding any non-disclosure agreement or similar document executed by Agent in favor of any Loan Party or any of any Loan Party s affiliates, the provisions of this Agreement shall supersede such agreements. 16.16. Publicity . Each Loan Party and each Lender hereby authorizes Agent to make appropriate announcements of the financial arrangement entered into among the Loan Parties, Agent and Lenders, including announcements which are commonly known as tombstones, in such publications and to such selected parties as Agent shall in its sole and absolute discretion deem appropriate. 16.17. Certifications From Banks and Participants; USA PATRIOT Act. (a) Each Lender or assignee or participant of a Lender that is not incorporated under the Laws of the United States or a state thereof (and is not excepted from the certification requirement in Section 313 of the USA PATRIOT Act and the applicable regulations because it is both (i) an affiliate of a depository institution or foreign bank that maintains a physical presence in the United States or foreign country, and (ii) subject to supervision by a banking authority regulating such affiliated depository institution or foreign bank) shall deliver to Agent the certification, or, if applicable, recertification, certifying that such Lender is not a shell and certifying to other matters as required by Section 313 of the USA PATRIOT Act and the applicable regulations: (1) within ten (10) days after the Closing Date, and (2) as such other times as are required under the USA PATRIOT Act. (b) The USA PATRIOT Act requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record certain information that identifies individuals or business entities which open an account with such financial institution. Consequently, any Lender may from time to time request, and each Loan Party shall provide to such Lender, such Loan Party s name, address, tax identification number and/or such other identifying information as shall be necessary for such Lender to comply with the USA PATRIOT Act and any other Anti-Terrorism Law. 16.18. Anti-Terrorism Laws . (a) Each Loan Party represents and warrants that (i) no Covered Entity is a Sanctioned Person and (ii) no Covered Entity, either in its own right or through any third party, (A) has any of its assets in a Sanctioned Country or in the possession, custody or control of a Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; (B) does business in or with, or derives any of its income from investments in or transactions with, any Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; or (C) engages in any dealings or transactions prohibited by any Anti-Terrorism Law. (b) Each Loan Party covenants and agrees that (i) no Covered Entity will become a Sanctioned Person, (ii) no Covered Entity, either in its own right or through any third party, will (A) have any of its assets in a Sanctioned Country or in the possession, custody or control of a Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; (B) do business in or 
 170 

 with, or derive any of its income from investments in or transactions with, any Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; (C) engage in any dealings or transactions prohibited by any Anti-Terrorism Law or (D) use the Advances to fund any operations in, finance any investments or activities in, or, make any payments to, a Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law, (iii) the funds used to repay the Obligations will not be derived from any unlawful activity, (iv) each Covered Entity shall comply with all Anti-Terrorism Laws and (v) the Loan Parties shall promptly notify Agent in writing upon the occurrence of a Reportable Compliance Event. (c) Each Loan Party acknowledges that, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada) and other applicable anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist financing, government sanction and know your client laws, whether within Canada or elsewhere (collectively, including any guidelines or orders thereunder, AML Legislation ), the Lenders and Agent may be required to obtain, verify and record information regarding each Loan Party, their respective directors, authorized signing officers, direct or indirect shareholders or other Persons in control of such Loan Party, and the transactions contemplated hereby. Borrowers shall promptly provide all such information, including supporting documentation and other evidence, as may be requested by any Lender or Agent, or any prospective assign or participant of a Lender or Agent, in order to comply with any applicable AML Legislation, whether now or hereafter in existence. 16.19. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any Other Document, or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among Agent, Lenders and the Loan Parties, Agent, each Lender and each Loan Party acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under this Agreement or any Other Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder or under any Other Document which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any Other Document; or 
 171 

 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 16.20. Currency Indemnity . If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court in any jurisdiction with respect to this Agreement or any Other Document it becomes necessary to convert into the currency of such jurisdiction (the Judgment Currency any amount due under this Agreement or under any of the Other Documents in any currency other than the Judgment Currency (the Currency Due ), then conversion shall be made at the Exchange Rate at which Agent is able, on the relevant date, to purchase the Currency Due with the Judgment Currency prevailing on the Business Day before the day on which judgment is given. In the event that there is a change in the rate of Exchange Rate prevailing between the Business Day before the day on which the judgment is given and the date of receipt by Agent of the amount due, the Borrowers will, on the date of receipt by Agent, pay such additional amounts, if any, or be entitled to receive reimbursement of such amount, if any, as may be necessary to ensure that the amount received by Agent on such date is the amount in the Judgment Currency which when converted at the rate of exchange prevailing on the date of receipt by Agent is the amount then due under this Agreement or such Other Document in the Currency Due. If the amount of the Currency Due which Agent is able to purchase is less than the amount of the Currency Due originally due to it, the Borrowers shall indemnify and save Agent harmless from and against loss or damage arising as a result of such deficiency. The indemnity contained herein shall constitute an obligation separate and independent from the other obligations contained in this Agreement and the Other Documents, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by Agent from time to time and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any judgment or order for a liquidated sum in respect of an amount due under this Agreement or any of the Other Documents or under any judgment or order. 16.21. Intercreditor Agreement . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Lien and security interest granted to Agent pursuant to this Agreement and the exercise of any right or remedy by Agent on behalf of the Lenders hereunder are subject to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control. XVII. GUARANTY. 17.1. Guaranty . Each U.S. Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as a primary obligor and not merely as a surety, jointly and severally with each other Guarantor when and as due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, by notice of prepayment or otherwise, the due and punctual performance of all Obligations; provided that with respect to Obligations under or in respect of any Swap Obligation, the foregoing guarantee shall only be effective to the extent that such U.S. Guarantor is a Qualified ECP Loan Party at the time such Swap Obligation is entered into and such Obligations and such guarantee thereof are not Excluded Hedge Liabilities. Each payment made by any U.S. Guarantor pursuant to this Guaranty shall be made in lawful money of the United States in immediately available funds. 17.2. Waivers . Each U.S. Guarantor hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably waives (a) promptness, diligence, notice of acceptance, notice of presentment of payment and 
 172 

 any other notice hereunder, (b) demand of payment, protest, notice of dishonor or nonpayment, notice of the present and future amount of the Obligations and any other notice with respect to the Obligations, (c) any requirement that Agent, any Lender protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or Lien on any property subject thereto or exhaust any right or take any action against any other Loan Party, or any Person or any Collateral, (d) any other action, event or precondition to the enforcement hereof or the performance by each such U.S. Guarantor of the Obligations, and (e) any defense arising by any lack of capacity or authority or any other defense of any Loan Party or any notice, demand or defense by reason of cessation from any cause of Obligations other than the Payment in Full of the Obligations and any defense that any other guarantee or security was or was to be obtained by Agent. 17.3. No Defense . No invalidity, irregularity, voidableness, voidness or unenforceability of this Agreement or any Other Document or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto, or of all or any part of the Obligations or of any collateral security therefor shall affect, impair or be a defense hereunder. 17.4. Guaranty of Payment . The Guaranty hereunder is one of payment and performance, not collection, and the obligations of each U.S. Guarantor hereunder are independent of the Obligations of the other Loan Parties, and a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against any U.S. Guarantor to enforce the terms and conditions of this Article XVII, irrespective of whether any action is brought against any other Loan Party or other Persons or whether any other Loan Party or other Persons are joined in any such action or actions. Each U.S. Guarantor waives any right to require that any resort be had by Agent or any Lender to any security held for payment of the Obligations or to any balance of any deposit account or credit on the books of Agent or any Lender in favor of any Loan Party or any other Person. No election to proceed in one form of action or proceedings, or against any Person, or on any Obligations, shall constitute a waiver of Agent s right to proceed in any other form of action or proceeding or against any other Person unless Agent has expressed any such right in writing. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no action or proceeding by Agent against any Loan Party under any document evidencing or securing indebtedness of any Loan Party to Agent shall diminish the liability of any U.S. Guarantor hereunder, except to the extent Agent receives actual payment on account of Obligations by such action or proceeding, notwithstanding the effect of any such election, action or proceeding upon the right of subrogation of any Guarantor in respect of any Loan Party. 17.5. Liabilities Absolute . The liability of each U.S. Guarantor hereunder shall be absolute, unlimited and unconditional and shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment, discharge or termination for any reason, including, without limitation, any claim of waiver, release, surrender, alteration or compromise, and shall not be subject to any claim, defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any other Obligation or otherwise. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the obligations of each U.S. Guarantor shall not be discharged or impaired, released, limited or otherwise affected by: (a) any change in the manner, place or terms of payment or performance, and/or any change or extension of the time of payment or performance of, release, renewal or alteration of, or any new agreements relating to any Obligation, any security therefor, or any 
 173 

 liability incurred directly or indirectly in respect thereof, or any rescission of, or amendment, waiver or other modification of, or any consent to departure from, this Agreement or any Other Document, including any increase in the Obligations resulting from the extension of additional credit to any Loan Party or otherwise; (b) any sale, exchange, release, surrender, loss, abandonment, realization upon any property by whomsoever at any time pledged or mortgaged to secure, or howsoever securing, all or any of the Obligations, and/or any offset there against, or failure to perfect, or continue the perfection of, any Lien in any such property, or delay in the perfection of any such Lien, or any amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any other guaranty for all or any of the Obligations; (c) the failure of Agent or any Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or remedy against any Loan Party or any other Loan Party or any other Person under the provisions of this Agreement or any Other Document or any other document or instrument executed and delivered in connection herewith or therewith; (d) any settlement or compromise of any Obligation, any security therefor or any liability (including any of those hereunder) incurred directly or indirectly in respect thereof or hereof, and any subordination of the payment of all or any part thereof to the payment of any obligation (whether due or not) of any Loan Party to creditors of any Loan Party other than any other Loan Party; (e) any manner of application of Collateral, or proceeds thereof, to all or any of the Obligations, or any manner of sale or other disposition of any Collateral for all or any of the Obligations or any other assets of any Loan Party; and (f) any other agreements or circumstance of any nature whatsoever that may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of any Guarantor, or that might otherwise at law or in equity constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Guaranty hereunder and/or the obligations of any Guarantor, or a defense to, or discharge of, any Loan Party or any other Person or party hereto or the Obligations or otherwise with respect to the Advances or other financial accommodations to the Loan Parties pursuant to this Agreement and/or the Other Documents. 17.6. Waiver of Notice . Agent shall have the right to do any of the above without notice to or the consent of any U.S. Guarantor and each U.S. Guarantor expressly waives any right to notice of, consent to, knowledge of and participation in any agreements relating to any of the above or any other present or future event relating to Obligations whether under this Agreement or otherwise or any right to challenge or question any of the above and waives any defenses of such U.S. Guarantor which might arise as a result of such actions. 17.7. Agent s Discretion . Agent may at any time and from time to time (whether prior to or after the revocation or termination of this Agreement) without the consent of, or notice to, any U.S. Guarantor, and without incurring responsibility to any U.S. Guarantor or impairing or releasing the Obligations, apply any sums by whomsoever paid or howsoever realized to any Obligations regardless of what Obligations remain unpaid. 
 174 

 17.8. Reinstatement . (a) The Guaranty provisions herein set forth herein shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if claim is ever made upon Agent or any Lender for repayment or recovery of any amount or amounts received by such Agent or such Lender in payment or on account of any of the Obligations and such Person repays all or part of said amount for any reason whatsoever, including, without limitation, by reason of any judgment, decree or order of any court or administrative body having jurisdiction over such Person or the respective property of each, or any settlement or compromise of any claim effected by such Person with any such claimant (including any Loan Party); and in such event each U.S. Guarantor hereby agrees that any such judgment, decree, order, settlement or compromise or other circumstances shall be binding upon such U.S. Guarantor, notwithstanding any revocation hereof or the cancellation of any note or other instrument evidencing any Obligation, and each U.S. Guarantor shall be and remain liable to Agent and/or Lenders for the amount so repaid or recovered to the same extent as if such amount had never originally been received by such Persons. (b) Agent shall not be required to marshal any assets in favor of any Guarantor, or against or in payment of Obligations. (c) No U.S. Guarantor shall be entitled to claim against any present or future security held by Agent from any Person for Obligations in priority to or equally with any claim of Agent, or assert any claim for any liability of any Loan Party to any U.S. Guarantor in priority to or equally with claims of Agent for Obligations, and no U.S. Guarantor shall be entitled to compete with Agent with respect to, or to advance any equal or prior claim to any security held by Agent for Obligations. (d) If any Loan Party makes any payment to Agent, which payment is wholly or partly subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required to be repaid to any Person under any federal or provincial statute or at common law or under equitable principles, then to the extent of such payment, the Obligation intended to be paid shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if the payment had not been made, and the resulting revived Obligation shall continue to be guaranteed, uninterrupted, by each U.S. Guarantor hereunder. (e) All present and future monies payable by any Loan Party to any U.S. Guarantor, whether arising out of a right of subrogation or otherwise, are assigned to Agent for its benefit and for the ratable benefit of Lenders as security for such U.S. Guarantor s liability to Agent and Lenders hereunder and are postponed and subordinated to Agent s prior right to Payment in Full of the Obligations. Except to the extent prohibited otherwise by this Agreement, all monies received by any U.S. Guarantor from any Loan Party shall be held by such U.S. Guarantor as agent and trustee for Agent. This assignment, postponement and subordination shall only terminate when the Obligations are Paid in Full and this Agreement is irrevocably terminated. (f) Each Loan Party acknowledges this assignment, postponement and subordination and, except as otherwise set forth herein, agrees to make no payments to any U.S. 
 175 

 Guarantor without the prior written consent of Agent. Each Loan Party agrees to give full effect to the provisions hereof. [signature pages follow] 
 176 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.27>
 7
 wlms-20221231xex10d27.htm
 EX-10.27

Exhibit10.27 EXECUTION VERSION This instrument and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby are subordinate in the manner and to the extent set forth in that certain Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement (the Term Subordination Agreement dated as of January 9, 2023 by and among Maker (as hereinafter defined), Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company WISG ), Williams Industrial Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WISI ), Williams Specialty Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WSS ), Williams Plant Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WPS ), Williams Global Services, Inc., a Georgia corporation Global ), Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company Construction , and together with Maker, WISG, WISI, WSS, WPS and Global, each a Term Borrower and, collectively, Term Borrower ), Global Power Professional Services Inc. a Delaware corporation Power ), GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company GPEG ), Steam Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Steam ), WISG Canada Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Canada ), WISG Nuclear Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Nuclear ), WISG Electrical Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Electrical ), WISG Electrical, LLC, a New York limited liability company WISG Electrical NY , and together with Power, GPEG, Steam, WISG Canada, WISG Nuclear and WISG Electrical, each a Term Guarantor and, collectively, Term Guarantor and EICF Agent LLC Term Agent and the other parties thereto, to the indebtedness (including interest) owed by Term Borrower pursuant to that certain Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement dated as of December 16, 2020, among Term Borrower, Term Guarantor, Term Agent and the other parties from time to time party thereto, as such Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement has been and hereafter may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time; and each holder of this instrument, by its acceptance hereof, irrevocably agrees to be bound by the provisions of the Term Subordination Agreement. This instrument and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby are subordinate in the manner and to the extent set forth in that certain Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement (the Revolver Subordination Agreement , and together with the Term Subordination Agreement, the Subordination Agreements dated as of January 9, 2023 by and among Maker, WISG, WISI, WSS, WPS, Global, Construction, WISG Electrical NY (WISG Electrical NY, and together with Maker, WISG, WISI, WSS, WPS, Global and Construction, each a Revolver Borrower and, collectively, Revolver Borrower ), Power, GPEG, Steam, WISG Canada, WISG Nuclear, WISG Electrical (WISG Electrical, and together with Power, GPEG, Steam, WISG Canada and WISG Nuclear, each a Revolver Guarantor and, collectively, Revolver Guarantor and PNC Bank, National Association Revolver Agent and the other parties thereto, to the indebtedness (including interest) owed by Revolver Borrower pursuant to that certain Revolving Credit and Security Agreement dated as of December 16, 2020, among Revolver Borrower, Revolver Guarantor, Revolver Agent and the other parties from time to time party thereto, as such Revolving Credit and Security Agreement has been and hereafter may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time; and each holder of this instrument, by its acceptance hereof, irrevocably agrees to be bound by the provisions of the Revolver Subordination Agreement. 

 WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. UNSECURED PROMISSORY NOTE 350,000.00 New York, New York No. WISG-2 Dated: January 9, 2023 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC., a Delaware corporation Maker promises to pay to WYNNEFIELD PARTNERS SMALL CAP VALUE, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Payee ), in lawful money of the United States of America, the principal sum of THREE HUNDRED FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS 350,000.00) (the Principal Amount ), together with interest from the date of this Unsecured Promissory Note (this Note until the date the Principal Amount is paid in full on the unpaid Principal Amount at a rate equal to eight percent (8 per annum, compounded annually, in the manner provided below; provided, that (i) after the occurrence of any Event of Default (as hereinafter defined) (whether or not such Event of Default is waived) and (ii) during all periods after December 23, 2025, interest shall be payable at a rate equal to thirteen percent (13.0 per annum, compounded annually (the Default Rate ). Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual days elapsed and a year of 365 days. This Note is one of the Wynnefield Notes (as hereinafter defined). 1. PAYMENTS 1.1 PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST. The Principal Amount of this Note, and all accrued and unpaid interest on the Principal Amount, shall be due and payable upon the earliest to occur of (i) December 23, 2025, (ii) a Change of Control (as hereinafter defined), (iii) (a) the incurrence of Refinance Indebtedness (as hereinafter defined) or (b) the extension of the maturity date of either of the Senior Facilities (as hereinafter defined) beyond the December 23, 2025 stated maturity date of this Note and (iv) an acceleration by Payee following the occurrence of an Event of Default (as hereinafter defined) (such earliest date, the Maturity Date ). 1.2 MANNER OF PAYMENT. All payments of principal and accrued interest on this Note shall be made to Payee by wire transfer or certified funds or cashiers check delivered to Payee at 450 7 th Avenue, Suite 509, New York, New York 10123, or at such other address as Payee shall designate to Maker in accordance with Section 6.8 of this Note. If the payment of principal or interest on this Note, or the determination of the interest rate of this Note, is due or becomes determinable on a day that is not a Business Day, such payment shall be due (or determination rendered) on the next succeeding Business Day. Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday or other day on which banks are required or authorized by law to be closed in the State of New York. 1.3 PREPAYMENT. Maker may, without premium or penalty, at any time and from time to time, prepay all or any portion of the outstanding principal balance or interest due under this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Maker shall pay the Exit Fee (as hereinafter defined) in accordance with Section 5.3 hereof. 
 2 

 2. DEFAULTS; FEES AND EXPENSES 2.1 EVENTS OF DEFAULT. The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute an event of default hereunder (each an Event of Default ): (a) (i) a breach or other default shall occur (that is not cured within any applicable cure or grace period or waived) under the other Wynnefield Note or the Guaranty (each as hereinafter defined), or (ii) an Event of Default shall occur (that is not cured within any applicable cure or grace period or waived) under either of the Senior Facilities and such Event of Default (x) involves the failure to make any payment (whether or not such payment is blocked pursuant to the terms of an intercreditor agreement or otherwise), whether of principal, interest or otherwise, and whether due by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise and such failure continues after the applicable grace or notice period, if any, specified in the document relating thereto, in respect of either of the Senior Facilities, or (y) causes (or permits any holder of such indebtedness or a trustee to cause) such indebtedness under either of the Senior Facilities, or a portion thereof, to become due prior to its stated maturity or prior to its regularly scheduled date of payment; or (b) any payment due pursuant to Section 1.1 or 5.3 of this Note is not received by the Payee on the date due; or (c) if, pursuant to or within the meaning of the United States Bankruptcy Code or any other federal or state law relating to insolvency or relief of debtors (a Bankruptcy Law ), Maker or any Guarantor (as hereinafter defined) shall (i) commence a voluntary case or proceeding; (ii) consent to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case; (iii) consent to the appointment of a trustee, receiver, assignee, liquidator or similar official; (iv) make an assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (v) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due; or (d) if a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that (i) is for relief against Maker or a Guarantor in an involuntary case, (ii) appoints a trustee, receiver, assignee, liquidator or similar official for Maker or a Guarantor or a substantial portion of its respective properties, or (iii) orders the liquidation of Maker or a Guarantor and in each case the order or decree is not stayed or dismissed within sixty (60) days; or (e) any money judgments, writs or warrants of attachment, or similar processes in excess of Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 500,000) in the aggregate shall be entered or filed against the Maker, any Guarantor or any of their respective assets and/or properties which remains unpaid, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days; or (f) this Note shall be disaffirmed or shall terminate, be terminable or be terminated or become void, invalid or unenforceable or otherwise cease to be in full force and effect for any reason whatsoever other than the expiration of this Note following the payment of all obligations of the Maker to the Payee under this Note; or (g) the Maker shall assert the invalidity or unenforceability of the Note for any reason other than payment in full of the obligations of the Maker to the Payee hereunder; or (h) any representation or warranty made by the Maker in this Note or in the Guaranty by a Guarantor shall prove to have been false in any material respect when made; or 
 3 

 (i) (i) the consummation of a Change of Control (as hereinafter defined), (ii) the incurrence of Refinance Indebtedness (as hereinafter defined), or (iii) the extension of the maturity date of either of the Senior Facilities beyond the December 23, 2025 stated maturity date of this Note; or (j) any covenant, obligation, condition or agreement of the Maker contained in this Note (not otherwise covered by clauses (a)-(i) of this Section 2.1) is breached, violated or not complied with by the Maker and such breach, violation or non-compliance is not cured within ten (10) Business Days after written notice thereof from the Payee to the Maker. 2.2 NOTICE OF DEFAULT BY MAKER. Maker shall promptly notify Payee of the occurrence of any Event of Default of which Maker becomes aware. 2.3 REMEDIES. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder, Payee may, at its option, (i) by written notice to Maker, declare the entire unpaid Principal Amount of this Note, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, the Exit Fee and any other sums due under this Note, immediately due and payable regardless of any prior forbearance, and/or (ii) exercise any and all rights and remedies available to it under applicable law, including, without limitation, the right to collect from Maker all sums due under this Note. From and after the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default, interest will begin accruing on the entire unpaid balance due under this Note at the Default Rate. The provisions herein for a Default Rate shall not be deemed to extend the time for any payment hereunder or to constitute a grace period giving Maker a right to cure any default. 2.4 FEES AND EXPENSES; INDEMNIFICATION. (a) The Maker hereby agrees to pay on demand all documented charges, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) incurred by Payee in connection with: (a) the preparation, negotiation, execution, and delivery of this Note and any and all amendments, modifications, renewals, extensions, and supplements hereof and hereto, (b) any Event of Default and the enforcement of this Note, (c) all transfer, stamp, documentary, or other similar taxes, assessments, or charges levied by any governmental authority in respect of this Note and (d) all other costs and expenses incurred by Payee in connection with this Note, any litigation, dispute, suit, proceeding or action, the enforcement of its rights and remedies hereunder, including any advances, charges, costs and expenses that may be incurred in any effort to enforce any of the provisions of this Note or in connection with collecting against the Maker under this Note or otherwise enforcing or preserving any rights under this Note, and the protection of its interests in bankruptcy, insolvency or other legal proceedings. (b) The Maker shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Payee, its affiliates and their respective officers, directors, equityholders, members, partners, managers, employees, agents, representatives, successors and assigns (collectively, the Payee Indemnitees from and against, and pay or reimburse Payee Indemnitees for, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and other expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) sustained, incurred, imposed on or suffered by any Payee Indemnitees, or asserted against any Payee Indemnitees by any third party, resulting from, arising out of or relating to: (i) any breach of any representation or warranty of the Maker contained in Section 3 of this Note or (ii) any breach, failure or non-fulfillment by the Maker of any covenant, agreement or obligation to be performed by the Maker pursuant to this Note, except to the extent that any such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and other expenses are finally determined by a non-appealable court order by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted solely from such Payee Indemnitees willful misconduct or gross negligence. 
 4 

 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The Maker is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation. No provision of applicable law or Maker s Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, or of any material agreement, instrument or other document to which it is a party or by which any of its assets are bound has been, or will be violated by, (a) the execution by Maker of this Note, or (b) the performance or satisfaction of any agreement or condition herein or therein contained upon its part to be performed or satisfied. All requisite corporate authorizations for such execution, delivery, performance, and satisfaction by the Maker have been duly obtained. This Note is a legal, valid, and binding obligation of Maker, enforceable against Maker in accordance with its terms, subject to laws of general application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency and the relief of debtors and rules of law governing specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies. Maker is not in default in the performance, observance, or fulfillment of any of the terms or conditions of its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws. No consent, authorization, waiver by or filing with any governmental agency, administrative body or other third party is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this Note by Maker, except for any such consents, authorizations, waivers or filings that have been given or made and are in full force and effect. 4. DEFINITIONS. As used in this Note, the following capitalized terms shall have the following meanings: Bankruptcy Law has the meaning given thereto in Section 2.1(c) of this Note. Business Day has the meaning given thereto in Section 1.2 of this Note. Change of Control means the occurrence of (i) any transaction or series of related transactions that results in a person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), becoming the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly, of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding voting securities of the Maker having the right to vote for the election of members of the Board of Directors of the Maker, (ii) any reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Maker, other than a transaction or series of related transactions in which the holders of the voting securities of the Maker outstanding immediately prior to such transaction or series of related transactions retain, immediately after such transaction or series of related transactions, at least a majority of the total voting power represented by the outstanding voting securities of the Maker or such other surviving or resulting entity, (iii) a sale, lease or other disposition of either (A) a majority of the consolidated tangible assets of Maker and the Guarantors taken as a whole or (B) a majority of the consolidated assets of the Maker and the Guarantors taken as a whole or (iv) the Maker shall fail to own, directly or indirectly, 100 of the total voting power of the Guarantors. Default Rate has the meaning given thereto in the first paragraph of this Note. Event of Default has the meaning given thereto in Section 2.1 of this Note. Exit Fee shall mean the fee payable by Maker to Payee pursuant to Section 5.3 hereof. Guarantors means Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, Williams Industrial Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, Williams Specialty Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, Williams Plant Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, Williams Global Services, Inc., a Georgia corporation, Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, WISG Electrical, LLC, a New York limited liability company, Global Power Professional Services Inc. a Delaware corporation, GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Steam Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, WISG 
 5 

 Canada Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada, WISG Nuclear Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada, and WISG Electrical Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada, (and each individually a Guarantor ). Guaranty means that certain Guaranty, dated as of the date hereof, made by the Guarantors with respect to this Note, as may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. Indebtedness shall have the meaning set forth in the Term Loan Facility as of the date hereof. Maker has the meaning given thereto in the introductory paragraph of this Note. Maturity Date has the meaning given thereto in Section 1.1 of this Note. Note has the meaning given thereto in the introductory paragraph of this Note. Payee has the meaning given thereto in the introductory paragraph of this Note. Principal Amount has the meaning given thereto in the introductory paragraph of this Note. Refinance Indebtedness shall mean Indebtedness which represents extensions, renewals, refinancing or replacements of Indebtedness incurred under the Senior Facilities. Revolving Credit Facility means that certain Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2020 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), by and among the Maker, Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, Williams Industrial Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, Williams Specialty Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, Williams Plant Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, Williams Global Services, Inc., a Georgia corporation, Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, and WISG Electrical, LLC, a New York limited liability company, as borrowers; Global Power Professional Services Inc. a Delaware corporation, GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Steam Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, WISG Canada Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada, WISG Nuclear Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada, and WISG Electrical Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada, as guarantors; the lenders party thereto from time to time; and PNC Bank, National Association, as agent for the lenders thereto. Senior Facilities means the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Facility. Subordination Agreements shall have the meaning set forth in the legends located at the beginning of this Note. Term Loan Facility means that certain Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2020 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), by and among the Maker, Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, Williams Industrial Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, Williams Specialty Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, Williams Plant Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, Williams Global Services, Inc., a Georgia corporation, and Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, as borrowers; 
 6 

 Global Power Professional Services Inc. a Delaware corporation, GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Steam Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, WISG Canada Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada, WISG Nuclear Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada, WISG Electrical Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada, and WISG Electrical, LLC, a New York limited liability company, as guarantors; the lenders party thereto from time to time; and EICF AGENT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as agent for the lenders thereto. Wynnefield Notes means each of this Note and that certain unsecured promissory note (No. WISG-1) made by the Maker on the date hereof in the original principal amount of FOUR HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS 400,000.00) and originally payable to Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, L.P. I, as amended, restated, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof 5. COVENANTS 5.1 USE OF PROCEEDS. Maker shall use the Principal Amount of this Note for working capital and general corporate purposes. 5.2 FINANCIAL REPORTING. (a) Maker shall deliver to Payee, concurrently with the delivery under the Senior Facilities, copies of all notices (other than borrowing notices) and financial reporting materials and deliverables required to be delivered by Maker under either of the Senior Facilities. (b) Maker shall deliver to Payee and to the Maker s Board of Directors, as soon as available, but in any event no later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the end of each fiscal month (provided, that with respect to fiscal months ending in December, Maker shall have 30 calendar days): (i) unaudited consolidated monthly profit and loss statements and (ii) unaudited consolidated monthly cash flow statements, in each case as at the end of such fiscal month and the portion of the then-current fiscal year then ended and prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles of the United States, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. 5.3 EXIT FEE. In addition to all principal, accrued interest and other amounts payable by the Maker under this Note, the Maker shall pay to the Payee an amount equal to FORTY THOUSAND DOLLARS 40,000.00) upon the earlier to occur of: (i) an Event of Default or (ii) the payment in full of this Note. 6. MISCELLANEOUS 6.1 WAIVER GENERALLY. The rights and remedies of Payee under this Note shall be cumulative and not alternative. No waiver by Payee of any right or remedy under this Note shall be effective unless in a writing signed by Payee. Neither the failure nor any delay in exercising any right, power or privilege under this Note will operate as a waiver of such right, power or privilege and no single or partial exercise of any such right, power or privilege by Payee will preclude any other or further exercise of such right, power or privilege or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, (a) no claim or right of Payee arising out of this Note can be discharged by Payee, in whole or in part, by a waiver or renunciation of the claim or right unless in a writing, signed by Payee; (b) no waiver that may be given by Payee will be applicable except in the specific instance for which it is given; and (c) no notice to or demand on Maker will be deemed to be a waiver of any 
 7 

 obligation of Maker or of the right of Payee to take further action without notice or demand as provided in this Note. 6.2 WAIVER BY MAKER. Maker hereby waives all right to notice of acceptance, default, presentment, and notice of dishonor. 6.3 SEVERABILITY. If any provision in this Note is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of this Note will remain in full force and effect. Any provision of this Note held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable. 6.4 APPLICABLE LAW; JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND INTERPRETED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED THEREIN, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATION LAWS OF NEW YORK. THE MAKER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS THAT ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST THE MAKER ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THIS NOTE MAY BE INSTITUTED IN ANY STATE COURT OF GENERAL JURISDICTION OR ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURT LOCATED IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND MAKER HEREBY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION AND VENUE OF SUCH COURTS. THE MAKER FURTHER IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS ARISING OUT OF ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY THE MAILING OF COPIES THEREOF BY POSTAGE PREPAID CERTIFIED OR REGISTERED FIRST- CLASS MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, TO THE MAKER AT THE ADDRESS SPECIFIED IN SECTION 6.8 (OR SUCH OTHER ADDRESS PROVIDED TO PAYEE IN A NOTICE DELIVERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 6.8 FOR SUCH PURPOSES). THE FOREGOING, HOWEVER, SHALL NOT LIMIT THE RIGHT OF PAYEE TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING OR TO OBTAIN EXECUTION OF JUDGMENT IN ANY APPROPRIATE JURISDICTION. IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION OVER ANY MATTER CONNECTED WITH THIS NOTE. THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IS HEREBY WAIVED BY THE MAKER. 6.5 SECTION HEADINGS; CONSTRUCTION. The headings of Sections in this Note are provided for convenience only and will not affect its construction or interpretation. All references to Section or Sections refer to the corresponding Section or Sections of this Note unless otherwise specified. All words used in this Note will be construed to be of such gender or number as the circumstances require. Unless otherwise expressly provided, the words hereof and hereunder and similar references refer to this Note in its entirety and not to any specific section or subsection hereof. 6.6 USURY SAVINGS CLAUSE. Anything in this Note to the contrary notwithstanding, the obligation of the Maker to make payments of interest shall be subject to the limitation that payments of interest shall not be required to be made to the extent that the Payee s receipt thereof would not be permissible under the law or laws applicable to it limiting rates of interest which may be charged or collected by it. Any such amount of interest which is not paid as a result of the limitation referred to in the preceding sentence shall be carried forward and paid by the Maker to the Payee on the earliest date or dates on which any interest is payable under this Note and on which the receipt thereof is permissible under the laws applicable to the Payee limiting rates of interest which may be charged or collected by the Payee. Such payment shall be made as additional interest for the month preceding such interest payment date. Such deferred payments shall not bear interest. 
 8 

 6.7 TIME OF THE ESSENCE. Wherever time is specified for the doing or performance of any act herein, time shall be considered of the essence. 6.8 NOTICES. Any notice, demand, claim or other communication under this Note shall be in writing and shall be sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid; facsimile transmission (with proof of sending); email transmission; or overnight courier to the following addresses (or to such other address as a party to receive such notice shall specify to the other parties hereto in accordance with the provisions of this section): If to Payee: WYNNEFIELD PARTNERS SMALL CAP VALUE, L.P. 450 7 th Avenue, Suite 509 New York, New York 10123 Attn: Nelson Obus Email: nobus@wynnefieldcapital.com with a copy to: Kane Kessler, P.C. 600 Third Avenue, 35 th Floor New York, New York 10016 Attn: Robert Lawrence, Esq. Email: rlawrence@kanekessler.com If to Maker: WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. 200 Ashford Center North, Suite 425 Atlanta, Georgia 30338 Attn: Randy Lay Email: rlay@wisgrp.com with a copy to: Thompson Hine LLP 127 Public Square, Suite 3900 Cleveland, Ohio 44114 Attn: Katherine D. Brandt, Esq. Email: katherine.brandt@thompsonhine.com All such notices and communications shall be deemed effective as follows: if mailed, on the third Business Day following deposit in the mail, or if by overnight courier, on the first Business Day following delivery to the courier; provided , that if such day is not a Business Day, such notice or communication shall be deemed effective on the next succeeding Business Day. 6.9 PARI PASSU NOTES. Payee acknowledges and agrees that the payment of all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of this Note and all interest hereon shall be pari passu in right of payment and in all other respects to the other Wynnefield Note. In the event Payee receives payments in excess of its pro rata share of the Maker s payments to the holders of the Wynnefield Notes, then Payee shall hold 
 9 

 in trust all such excess payments for the benefit of the holder of the other Wynnefield Note and shall pay such amounts held in trust to such other holder upon demand by such holder. 6.10 ASSIGNMENT. This Note may be assigned in whole or in part by the Payee to additional payees, with the prior written consent of the Maker so long as no Event of Default then exists, provided that no such assignment shall be in respect of an amount of less than 50,000 and any such additional payee agrees in writing to be bound by the Subordination Agreements. In the event of such assignment, Payee agrees to return the original of this Note to Maker for cancellation and the issuance of an amended and restated Note, or split this Note into more than one note of equal tenor, containing the same terms as set forth herein provided that any new note(s) shall together reflect the outstanding Principal Amount at the time of issuance plus any accrued and unpaid interest and, prior to any reissuance, Payee shall provide reasonable evidence of the assignment of such Note. (signature page follows) 
 10 

 lN WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker has executed and delivered this Note as of the date first stated above. WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. (Maker) By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary 
 [Signature Page toUnsecured Promissory Note] 

PAYEE: Agreed and Accepted: WYNNEFIELD PARTNERS SMALL CAP VALUE, L.P. By: WYNNEFIELD CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC, its General Partner By:/s/ Nelson Obus Name: Nelson Obus Title: Co-Manaigng Member 
 [Signature Page to Unsecured Promissory Note] 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.28>
 8
 wlms-20221231xex10d28.htm
 EX-10.28

Exhibit10.28 EXECUTION VERSION This instrument and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby are subordinate in the manner and to the extent set forth in that certain Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement (the Term Subordination Agreement dated as of January 9, 2023 by and among Maker (as hereinafter defined), Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company WISG ), Williams Industrial Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WISI ), Williams Specialty Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WSS ), Williams Plant Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WPS ), Williams Global Services, Inc., a Georgia corporation Global ), Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company Construction , and together with Maker, WISG, WISI, WSS, WPS and Global, each a Term Borrower and, collectively, Term Borrower ), Global Power Professional Services Inc. a Delaware corporation Power ), GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company GPEG ), Steam Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Steam ), WISG Canada Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Canada ), WISG Nuclear Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Nuclear ), WISG Electrical Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Electrical ), WISG Electrical, LLC, a New York limited liability company WISG Electrical NY , and together with Power, GPEG, Steam, WISG Canada, WISG Nuclear and WISG Electrical, each a Term Guarantor and, collectively, Term Guarantor and EICF Agent LLC Term Agent and the other parties thereto, to the indebtedness (including interest) owed by Term Borrower pursuant to that certain Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement dated as of December 16, 2020, among Term Borrower, Term Guarantor, Term Agent and the other parties from time to time party thereto, as such Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement has been and hereafter may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time; and each holder of this instrument, by its acceptance hereof, irrevocably agrees to be bound by the provisions of the Term Subordination Agreement. This instrument and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby are subordinate in the manner and to the extent set forth in that certain Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement (the Revolver Subordination Agreement , and together with the Term Subordination Agreement, the Subordination Agreements dated as of January 9, 2023 by and among Maker, WISG, WISI, WSS, WPS, Global, Construction, WISG Electrical NY (WISG Electrical NY, and together with Maker, WISG, WISI, WSS, WPS, Global and Construction, each a Revolver Borrower and, collectively, Revolver Borrower ), Power, GPEG, Steam, WISG Canada, WISG Nuclear, WISG Electrical (WISG Electrical, and together with Power, GPEG, Steam, WISG Canada and WISG Nuclear, each a Revolver Guarantor and, collectively, Revolver Guarantor and PNC Bank, National Association Revolver Agent and the other parties thereto, to the indebtedness (including interest) owed by Revolver Borrower pursuant to that certain Revolving Credit and Security Agreement dated as of December 16, 2020, among Revolver Borrower, Revolver Guarantor, Revolver Agent and the other parties from time to time party thereto, as such Revolving Credit and Security Agreement has been and hereafter may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time; and each holder of this instrument, by its acceptance hereof, irrevocably agrees to be bound by the provisions of the Revolver Subordination Agreement. 

 WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. UNSECURED PROMISSORY NOTE 400,000.00 New York, New York No. WISG-1 Dated: January 9, 2023 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC., a Delaware corporation Maker promises to pay to WYNNEFIELD PARTNERS SMALL CAP VALUE, L.P. I, a Delaware limited partnership Payee ), in lawful money of the United States of America, the principal sum of FOUR HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS 400,000.00) (the Principal Amount ), together with interest from the date of this Unsecured Promissory Note (this Note until the date the Principal Amount is paid in full on the unpaid Principal Amount at a rate equal to eight percent (8 per annum, compounded annually, in the manner provided below; provided, that (i) after the occurrence of any Event of Default (as hereinafter defined) (whether or not such Event of Default is waived) and (ii) during all periods after December 23, 2025, interest shall be payable at a rate equal to thirteen percent (13.0 per annum, compounded annually (the Default Rate ). Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual days elapsed and a year of 365 days. This Note is one of the Wynnefield Notes (as hereinafter defined). 1. PAYMENTS 1.1 PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST. The Principal Amount of this Note, and all accrued and unpaid interest on the Principal Amount, shall be due and payable upon the earliest to occur of (i) December 23, 2025, (ii) a Change of Control (as hereinafter defined), (iii) (a) the incurrence of Refinance Indebtedness (as hereinafter defined) or (b) the extension of the maturity date of either of the Senior Facilities (as hereinafter defined) beyond the December 23, 2025 stated maturity date of this Note and (iv) an acceleration by Payee following the occurrence of an Event of Default (as hereinafter defined) (such earliest date, the Maturity Date ). 1.2 MANNER OF PAYMENT. All payments of principal and accrued interest on this Note shall be made to Payee by wire transfer or certified funds or cashiers check delivered to Payee at 450 7 th Avenue, Suite 509, New York, New York 10123, or at such other address as Payee shall designate to Maker in accordance with Section 6.8 of this Note. If the payment of principal or interest on this Note, or the determination of the interest rate of this Note, is due or becomes determinable on a day that is not a Business Day, such payment shall be due (or determination rendered) on the next succeeding Business Day. Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday or other day on which banks are required or authorized by law to be closed in the State of New York. 1.3 PREPAYMENT. Maker may, without premium or penalty, at any time and from time to time, prepay all or any portion of the outstanding principal balance or interest due under this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Maker shall pay the Exit Fee (as hereinafter defined) in accordance with Section 5.3 hereof. 
 2 

 2. DEFAULTS; FEES AND EXPENSES 2.1 EVENTS OF DEFAULT. The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute an event of default hereunder (each an Event of Default ): (a) (i) a breach or other default shall occur (that is not cured within any applicable cure or grace period or waived) under the other Wynnefield Note or the Guaranty (each as hereinafter defined), or (ii) an Event of Default shall occur (that is not cured within any applicable cure or grace period or waived) under either of the Senior Facilities and such Event of Default (x) involves the failure to make any payment (whether or not such payment is blocked pursuant to the terms of an intercreditor agreement or otherwise), whether of principal, interest or otherwise, and whether due by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise and such failure continues after the applicable grace or notice period, if any, specified in the document relating thereto, in respect of either of the Senior Facilities, or (y) causes (or permits any holder of such indebtedness or a trustee to cause) such indebtedness under either of the Senior Facilities, or a portion thereof, to become due prior to its stated maturity or prior to its regularly scheduled date of payment; or (b) any payment due pursuant to Section 1.1 or 5.3 of this Note is not received by the Payee on the date due; or (c) if, pursuant to or within the meaning of the United States Bankruptcy Code or any other federal or state law relating to insolvency or relief of debtors (a Bankruptcy Law ), Maker or any Guarantor (as hereinafter defined) shall (i) commence a voluntary case or proceeding; (ii) consent to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case; (iii) consent to the appointment of a trustee, receiver, assignee, liquidator or similar official; (iv) make an assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (v) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due; or (d) if a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that (i) is for relief against Maker or a Guarantor in an involuntary case, (ii) appoints a trustee, receiver, assignee, liquidator or similar official for Maker or a Guarantor or a substantial portion of its respective properties, or (iii) orders the liquidation of Maker or a Guarantor and in each case the order or decree is not stayed or dismissed within sixty (60) days; or (e) any money judgments, writs or warrants of attachment, or similar processes in excess of Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 500,000) in the aggregate shall be entered or filed against the Maker, any Guarantor or any of their respective assets and/or properties which remains unpaid, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days; or (f) this Note shall be disaffirmed or shall terminate, be terminable or be terminated or become void, invalid or unenforceable or otherwise cease to be in full force and effect for any reason whatsoever other than the expiration of this Note following the payment of all obligations of the Maker to the Payee under this Note; or (g) the Maker shall assert the invalidity or unenforceability of the Note for any reason other than payment in full of the obligations of the Maker to the Payee hereunder; or (h) any representation or warranty made by the Maker in this Note or in the Guaranty by a Guarantor shall prove to have been false in any material respect when made; or 
 3 

 (i) (i) the consummation of a Change of Control (as hereinafter defined), (ii) the incurrence of Refinance Indebtedness (as hereinafter defined), or (iii) the extension of the maturity date of either of the Senior Facilities beyond the December 23, 2025 stated maturity date of this Note; or (j) any covenant, obligation, condition or agreement of the Maker contained in this Note (not otherwise covered by clauses (a)-(i) of this Section 2.1) is breached, violated or not complied with by the Maker and such breach, violation or non-compliance is not cured within ten (10) Business Days after written notice thereof from the Payee to the Maker. 2.2 NOTICE OF DEFAULT BY MAKER. Maker shall promptly notify Payee of the occurrence of any Event of Default of which Maker becomes aware. 2.3 REMEDIES. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder, Payee may, at its option, (i) by written notice to Maker, declare the entire unpaid Principal Amount of this Note, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, the Exit Fee and any other sums due under this Note, immediately due and payable regardless of any prior forbearance, and/or (ii) exercise any and all rights and remedies available to it under applicable law, including, without limitation, the right to collect from Maker all sums due under this Note. From and after the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default, interest will begin accruing on the entire unpaid balance due under this Note at the Default Rate. The provisions herein for a Default Rate shall not be deemed to extend the time for any payment hereunder or to constitute a grace period giving Maker a right to cure any default. 2.4 FEES AND EXPENSES; INDEMNIFICATION. (a) The Maker hereby agrees to pay on demand all documented charges, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) incurred by Payee in connection with: (a) the preparation, negotiation, execution, and delivery of this Note and any and all amendments, modifications, renewals, extensions, and supplements hereof and hereto, (b) any Event of Default and the enforcement of this Note, (c) all transfer, stamp, documentary, or other similar taxes, assessments, or charges levied by any governmental authority in respect of this Note and (d) all other costs and expenses incurred by Payee in connection with this Note, any litigation, dispute, suit, proceeding or action, the enforcement of its rights and remedies hereunder, including any advances, charges, costs and expenses that may be incurred in any effort to enforce any of the provisions of this Note or in connection with collecting against the Maker under this Note or otherwise enforcing or preserving any rights under this Note, and the protection of its interests in bankruptcy, insolvency or other legal proceedings. (b) The Maker shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Payee, its affiliates and their respective officers, directors, equityholders, members, partners, managers, employees, agents, representatives, successors and assigns (collectively, the Payee Indemnitees from and against, and pay or reimburse Payee Indemnitees for, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and other expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) sustained, incurred, imposed on or suffered by any Payee Indemnitees, or asserted against any Payee Indemnitees by any third party, resulting from, arising out of or relating to: (i) any breach of any representation or warranty of the Maker contained in Section 3 of this Note or (ii) any breach, failure or non-fulfillment by the Maker of any covenant, agreement or obligation to be performed by the Maker pursuant to this Note, except to the extent that any such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and other expenses are finally determined by a non-appealable court order by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted solely from such Payee Indemnitees willful misconduct or gross negligence. 
 4 

 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The Maker is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation. No provision of applicable law or Maker s Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, or of any material agreement, instrument or other document to which it is a party or by which any of its assets are bound has been, or will be violated by, (a) the execution by Maker of this Note, or (b) the performance or satisfaction of any agreement or condition herein or therein contained upon its part to be performed or satisfied. All requisite corporate authorizations for such execution, delivery, performance, and satisfaction by the Maker have been duly obtained. This Note is a legal, valid, and binding obligation of Maker, enforceable against Maker in accordance with its terms, subject to laws of general application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency and the relief of debtors and rules of law governing specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies. Maker is not in default in the performance, observance, or fulfillment of any of the terms or conditions of its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws. No consent, authorization, waiver by or filing with any governmental agency, administrative body or other third party is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this Note by Maker, except for any such consents, authorizations, waivers or filings that have been given or made and are in full force and effect. 4. DEFINITIONS. As used in this Note, the following capitalized terms shall have the following meanings: Bankruptcy Law has the meaning given thereto in Section 2.1(c) of this Note. Business Day has the meaning given thereto in Section 1.2 of this Note. Change of Control means the occurrence of (i) any transaction or series of related transactions that results in a person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), becoming the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly, of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding voting securities of the Maker having the right to vote for the election of members of the Board of Directors of the Maker, (ii) any reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Maker, other than a transaction or series of related transactions in which the holders of the voting securities of the Maker outstanding immediately prior to such transaction or series of related transactions retain, immediately after such transaction or series of related transactions, at least a majority of the total voting power represented by the outstanding voting securities of the Maker or such other surviving or resulting entity, (iii) a sale, lease or other disposition of either (A) a majority of the consolidated tangible assets of Maker and the Guarantors taken as a whole or (B) a majority of the consolidated assets of the Maker and the Guarantors taken as a whole or (iv) the Maker shall fail to own, directly or indirectly, 100 of the total voting power of the Guarantors. Default Rate has the meaning given thereto in the first paragraph of this Note. Event of Default has the meaning given thereto in Section 2.1 of this Note. Exit Fee shall mean the fee payable by Maker to Payee pursuant to Section 5.3 hereof. Guarantors means Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, Williams Industrial Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, Williams Specialty Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, Williams Plant Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, Williams Global Services, Inc., a Georgia corporation, Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, WISG Electrical, LLC, a New York limited liability company, Global Power Professional Services Inc. a Delaware corporation, GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Steam Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, WISG 
 5 

 Canada Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada, WISG Nuclear Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada, and WISG Electrical Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada, (and each individually a Guarantor ). Guaranty means that certain Guaranty, dated as of the date hereof, made by the Guarantors with respect to this Note, as may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. Indebtedness shall have the meaning set forth in the Term Loan Facility as of the date hereof. Maker has the meaning given thereto in the introductory paragraph of this Note. Maturity Date has the meaning given thereto in Section 1.1 of this Note. Note has the meaning given thereto in the introductory paragraph of this Note. Payee has the meaning given thereto in the introductory paragraph of this Note. Principal Amount has the meaning given thereto in the introductory paragraph of this Note. Refinance Indebtedness shall mean Indebtedness which represents extensions, renewals, refinancing or replacements of Indebtedness incurred under the Senior Facilities. Revolving Credit Facility means that certain Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2020 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), by and among the Maker, Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, Williams Industrial Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, Williams Specialty Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, Williams Plant Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, Williams Global Services, Inc., a Georgia corporation, Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, and WISG Electrical, LLC, a New York limited liability company, as borrowers; Global Power Professional Services Inc. a Delaware corporation, GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Steam Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, WISG Canada Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada, WISG Nuclear Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada, and WISG Electrical Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada, as guarantors; the lenders party thereto from time to time; and PNC Bank, National Association, as agent for the lenders thereto. Senior Facilities means the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Facility. Subordination Agreements shall have the meaning set forth in the legends located at the beginning of this Note. Term Loan Facility means that certain Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2020 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), by and among the Maker, Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, Williams Industrial Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, Williams Specialty Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, Williams Plant Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, Williams Global Services, Inc., a Georgia corporation, and Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, as borrowers; 
 6 

 Global Power Professional Services Inc. a Delaware corporation, GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Steam Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, WISG Canada Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada, WISG Nuclear Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada, WISG Electrical Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada, and WISG Electrical, LLC, a New York limited liability company, as guarantors; the lenders party thereto from time to time; and EICF AGENT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as agent for the lenders thereto. Wynnefield Notes means each of this Note and that certain unsecured promissory note (No. WISG-2) made by the Maker on the date hereof in the original principal amount of THREE HUNDRED FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS 350,000.00) and originally payable to Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, L.P., as amended, restated, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof 5. COVENANTS 5.1 USE OF PROCEEDS. Maker shall use the Principal Amount of this Note for working capital and general corporate purposes. 5.2 FINANCIAL REPORTING. (a) Maker shall deliver to Payee, concurrently with the delivery under the Senior Facilities, copies of all notices (other than borrowing notices) and financial reporting materials and deliverables required to be delivered by Maker under either of the Senior Facilities. (b) Maker shall deliver to Payee and to the Maker s Board of Directors, as soon as available, but in any event no later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the end of each fiscal month (provided, that with respect to fiscal months ending in December, Maker shall have 30 calendar days): (i) unaudited consolidated monthly profit and loss statements and (ii) unaudited consolidated monthly cash flow statements, in each case as at the end of such fiscal month and the portion of the then-current fiscal year then ended and prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles of the United States, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. 5.3 EXIT FEE. In addition to all principal, accrued interest and other amounts payable by the Maker under this Note, the Maker shall pay to the Payee an amount equal to SIXTY THOUSAND DOLLARS 60,000.00) upon the earlier to occur of: (i) an Event of Default or (ii) the payment in full of this Note. 6. MISCELLANEOUS 6.1 WAIVER GENERALLY. The rights and remedies of Payee under this Note shall be cumulative and not alternative. No waiver by Payee of any right or remedy under this Note shall be effective unless in a writing signed by Payee. Neither the failure nor any delay in exercising any right, power or privilege under this Note will operate as a waiver of such right, power or privilege and no single or partial exercise of any such right, power or privilege by Payee will preclude any other or further exercise of such right, power or privilege or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, (a) no claim or right of Payee arising out of this Note can be discharged by Payee, in whole or in part, by a waiver or renunciation of the claim or right unless in a writing, signed by Payee; (b) no waiver that may be given by Payee will be applicable except in the specific instance for which it is given; and (c) no notice to or demand on Maker will be deemed to be a waiver of any 
 7 

 obligation of Maker or of the right of Payee to take further action without notice or demand as provided in this Note. 6.2 WAIVER BY MAKER. Maker hereby waives all right to notice of acceptance, default, presentment, and notice of dishonor. 6.3 SEVERABILITY. If any provision in this Note is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of this Note will remain in full force and effect. Any provision of this Note held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable. 6.4 APPLICABLE LAW; JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND INTERPRETED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED THEREIN, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATION LAWS OF NEW YORK. THE MAKER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS THAT ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST THE MAKER ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THIS NOTE MAY BE INSTITUTED IN ANY STATE COURT OF GENERAL JURISDICTION OR ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURT LOCATED IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND MAKER HEREBY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION AND VENUE OF SUCH COURTS. THE MAKER FURTHER IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS ARISING OUT OF ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY THE MAILING OF COPIES THEREOF BY POSTAGE PREPAID CERTIFIED OR REGISTERED FIRST- CLASS MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, TO THE MAKER AT THE ADDRESS SPECIFIED IN SECTION 6.8 (OR SUCH OTHER ADDRESS PROVIDED TO PAYEE IN A NOTICE DELIVERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 6.8 FOR SUCH PURPOSES). THE FOREGOING, HOWEVER, SHALL NOT LIMIT THE RIGHT OF PAYEE TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING OR TO OBTAIN EXECUTION OF JUDGMENT IN ANY APPROPRIATE JURISDICTION. IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION OVER ANY MATTER CONNECTED WITH THIS NOTE. THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IS HEREBY WAIVED BY THE MAKER. 6.5 SECTION HEADINGS; CONSTRUCTION. The headings of Sections in this Note are provided for convenience only and will not affect its construction or interpretation. All references to Section or Sections refer to the corresponding Section or Sections of this Note unless otherwise specified. All words used in this Note will be construed to be of such gender or number as the circumstances require. Unless otherwise expressly provided, the words hereof and hereunder and similar references refer to this Note in its entirety and not to any specific section or subsection hereof. 6.6 USURY SAVINGS CLAUSE. Anything in this Note to the contrary notwithstanding, the obligation of the Maker to make payments of interest shall be subject to the limitation that payments of interest shall not be required to be made to the extent that the Payee s receipt thereof would not be permissible under the law or laws applicable to it limiting rates of interest which may be charged or collected by it. Any such amount of interest which is not paid as a result of the limitation referred to in the preceding sentence shall be carried forward and paid by the Maker to the Payee on the earliest date or dates on which any interest is payable under this Note and on which the receipt thereof is permissible under the laws applicable to the Payee limiting rates of interest which may be charged or collected by the Payee. Such payment shall be made as additional interest for the month preceding such interest payment date. Such deferred payments shall not bear interest. 
 8 

 6.7 TIME OF THE ESSENCE. Wherever time is specified for the doing or performance of any act herein, time shall be considered of the essence. 6.8 NOTICES. Any notice, demand, claim or other communication under this Note shall be in writing and shall be sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid; facsimile transmission (with proof of sending); email transmission; or overnight courier to the following addresses (or to such other address as a party to receive such notice shall specify to the other parties hereto in accordance with the provisions of this section): If to Payee: WYNNEFIELD PARTNERS SMALL CAP VALUE, L.P. I 450 7 th Avenue, Suite 509 New York, New York 10123 Attn: Nelson Obus Email: nobus@wynnefieldcapital.com with a copy to: Kane Kessler, P.C. 600 Third Avenue, 35 th Floor New York, New York 10016 Attn: Robert Lawrence, Esq. Email: rlawrence@kanekessler.com If to Maker: WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. 200 Ashford Center North, Suite 425 Atlanta, Georgia 30338 Attn: Randy Lay Email: rlay@wisgrp.com with a copy to: Thompson Hine LLP 127 Public Square, Suite 3900 Cleveland, Ohio 44114 Attn: Katherine D. Brandt, Esq. Email: katherine.brandt@thompsonhine.com All such notices and communications shall be deemed effective as follows: if mailed, on the third Business Day following deposit in the mail, or if by overnight courier, on the first Business Day following delivery to the courier; provided , that if such day is not a Business Day, such notice or communication shall be deemed effective on the next succeeding Business Day. 6.9 PARI PASSU NOTES. Payee acknowledges and agrees that the payment of all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of this Note and all interest hereon shall be pari passu in right of payment and in all other respects to the other Wynnefield Note. In the event Payee receives payments in excess of its pro rata share of the Maker s payments to the holders of the Wynnefield Notes, then Payee shall hold 
 9 

 in trust all such excess payments for the benefit of the holder of the other Wynnefield Note and shall pay such amounts held in trust to such other holder upon demand by such holder. 6.10 ASSIGNMENT. This Note may be assigned in whole or in part by the Payee to additional payees, with the prior written consent of the Maker so long as no Event of Default then exists, provided that no such assignment shall be in respect of an amount of less than 50,000 and any such additional payee agrees in writing to be bound by the Subordination Agreements. In the event of such assignment, Payee agrees to return the original of this Note to Maker for cancellation and the issuance of an amended and restated Note, or split this Note into more than one note of equal tenor, containing the same terms as set forth herein provided that any new note(s) shall together reflect the outstanding Principal Amount at the time of issuance plus any accrued and unpaid interest and, prior to any reissuance, Payee shall provide reasonable evidence of the assignment of such Note. (signature page follows) 
 10 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker has executed and delivered this Note as of the date first stated above. WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC. (Maker) By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary 
 [Signature Page to Unsecured Promissory Note] 

PAYEE: Agreed and Accepted: WYNNEFIELD PARTNERS SMALL CAP VALUE, L.P. I By: WYNNEFIELD CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC, its General Partner By: /s/ Nelson Obus Name: Nelson Obus Title: Co-Manaigng Member 
 [Signature Page to Unsecured Promissory Note] 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.29>
 9
 wlms-20221231xex10d29.htm
 EX-10.29

Exhibit 10.29 Execution Version 
 FIFTH AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT FIFTH AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of March 31, 2023 (this Amendment ), by and among Williams Industrial Services Group Inc., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company WISG ), Williams Industrial Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WISI ), Williams Specialty Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WSS ), Williams Plant Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WPS ), Williams Global Services, Inc., a Georgia corporation Global ), Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company Construction , and together with Holdings, WISG, WISI, WSS, WPS, Global, Construction, each a Borrower and, collectively, Borrower ), Global Power Professional Services Inc. a Delaware corporation Power ), GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company GPEG ), Steam Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Steam ), WISG Canada Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Canada ), WISG Nuclear Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Nuclear ), WISG Electrical Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Electrical ), WISG Electrical, LLC, a New York limited liability company WISG Electrical NY , and together with Power, GPEG, Steam, WISG Canada, WISG Nuclear, and WISG Electrical, each a Guarantor and, collectively, Guarantor ), the Required Lenders, and EICF AGENT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as agent on behalf of the Lenders under the Loan Agreement (hereinafter defined) (in such capacity, Agent . W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, the Borrowers, the Guarantors and the other Credit Parties from time to time party thereto, the Lenders and the Agent are parties to that certain Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2020 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, renewed or replaced from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Loan Agreement ). WHEREAS, the Credit Parties have requested, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth below, each of Agent and the Required Lenders hereby agree to amend certain provisions of the Loan Agreement, and, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions to effectiveness set forth herein, the Agent and the Required Lenders are willing to do so, on the terms set forth herein. NOW THEREFORE, the Borrower, the Credit Parties signatory hereto, the Agent and the Required Lenders each hereby agree as follows: 1. Defined Terms . The recitals to this Amendment are hereby incorporated into the body of this Amendment. All capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Loan Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Loan Agreement. 
 2. Amendments . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 hereof, the parties hereto agree that the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by incorporating the changes shown on the marked copy of the Loan Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (in each 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 case, it being understood that language which appears struck out has been deleted and language which appears as double-underlined has been added) . 
 3. Conditions to Effectiveness . The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to satisfaction of all of the following conditions precedent: 
 (a) counterparts of this Amendment shall have been executed and delivered by the Borrower, the other Credit Parties signatory hereto and the Required Lenders; 
 (b) the truth and accuracy of the representations and warranties contained in Section 4 hereof; 
 (c) the Borrower shall have paid the reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses of Chapman and Cutler LLP, Agent s counsel, incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and other post-closing services rendered in connection with the Loan Agreement on or prior to the date hereof, in each case to the extent payable under the terms of the Loan Agreement; and 
 (d) Agent shall have received an executed copy of the Second Amendment to Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Agent and the Revolving Loan Agent. 
 4. Representations, Warranties and Covenants . Each Credit Party signatory hereto hereby represents, warrants and covenants to Agent and each Lender as follows: 
 (a) the execution, delivery and performance by each of the Credit Parties signatory hereto of this Amendment have been duly authorized by all necessary action, and do not and will not: 
 (i) contravene the terms of any of that Person s Organizational Documents; 
 (ii) conflict with or result in any material breach or contravention of, or result in the creation of any Lien under, any document evidencing any material Contractual Obligation to which such Credit Party is a party or any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority to which such Credit Party or its Property is subject; or 
 (iii) violate any material Requirement of Law in any material respect; 
 (b) such Credit Party has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Amendment and the Loan Agreement, as amended hereby; 
 (c) this Amendment constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of each such Credit Party which is a party hereto enforceable against such Credit Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability; 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 (d) after giving effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, each of the representations and warranties contained in the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents is true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof as if made on the date hereof (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such specific date); and 
 (e) after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default exists or would result from the transactions contemplated by this Amendment. 
 5. Loan Document . This Amendment is designated a Loan Document by Agent. 
 6. Full Force and Effect . Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing contained herein shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of compliance with any term or condition contained in the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. Except as expressly amended hereby, the Loan Agreement shall continue unmodified and in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions thereof on the date hereof. This Amendment shall be limited precisely as drafted and shall not imply an obligation on the Agent or any Lender to consent to any matter on any future occasion. As used in the Loan Agreement, the terms Agreement, this Agreement, this Loan Agreement, herein, hereafter, hereto, hereof and words of similar import shall mean, unless the context otherwise requires, the Loan Agreement as amended by this Amendment. 
 7. Reaffirmation . Each of the Credit Parties as debtor, grantor, pledgor, guarantor, assignor, or in other any other similar capacity in which such Credit Party grants Liens or security interests in its property or otherwise acts as an accommodation party or guarantor, as the case may be, hereby (i) ratifies and reaffirms all of its payment and performance obligations, contingent or otherwise, under each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party (after giving effect hereto) and (ii) to the extent such Credit Party granted Liens on or security interests in any of its property pursuant to any such Loan Document as security for or otherwise guaranteed the Borrower s Obligations under or with respect to the Loan Documents, ratifies and reaffirms such guarantee and grant of security interests and Liens and confirms and agrees that such security interests and Liens hereafter secure all of the Obligations as amended hereby. Each of the Credit Parties hereby consents to this Amendment and acknowledges that each of the Loan Documents remains in full force and effect, as modified hereby, and is hereby ratified and reaffirmed. The execution of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Agent or Lenders, constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Loan Documents except as expressly set forth herein or serve to effect a novation of the Obligations. 
 8. CHOICE OF LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL IN ALL RESPECTS BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND GOVERNED BY, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WHICH ARE APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED WHOLLY WITHIN SUCH STATE WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION. 
 9. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 but one instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to be as effective as an original signature page delivered manually. 
 10. Headings . The headings of this Amendment are for the purposes of reference only and shall not affect the construction of this Amendment. 
 11. Successors and Assigns . The provisions of this Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns; provided that none of the Credit Parties may assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Amendment without the prior written consent of the Agent. 
 12. Severability . The illegality or unenforceability of any provision of this Amendment or any instrument or agreement required hereunder shall not in any way affect or impair the legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Amendment or any instrument or agreement required hereunder. 
 13. Release of Claims . In consideration of the Required Lenders and the Agent s agreements contained in this Amendment, each Credit Party hereby irrevocably releases and forever discharge the Lenders and the Agent and their affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, assigns, directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants and attorneys (each, a Released Person of and from any and all claims, suits, actions, investigations, proceedings or demands, whether based in contract, tort, implied or express warranty, strict liability, criminal or civil statute or common law of any kind or character, known or unknown, which such Credit Party ever had or now has against Agent, any Lender or any other Released Person which relates, directly or indirectly, to any acts or omissions of Agent, any Lender or any other Released Person relating to the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document on or prior to the date hereof. Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, each Credit Party does not release any claim that a Credit Party may have to enforce the obligations of Agent or Lenders set forth in this Amendment. 
 [Signature pages follow] 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their duly authorized officers, all as of the date and year first above written. AGENT AND LENDERS: EICF AGENT LLC , as Agent By: /s/ Harry Giovani Name: Harry Giovani Title: Authorized Signatory 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 ENERGY IMPACT CREDIT FUND I LP , as a Lender By: Energy Impact Credit Fund I GP LLC, its general partner By: /s/ Harry Giovani Name: Harry Giovani Title: Managing Partner 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 CION INVESTMENT CORPORATION , as a Lender By: /s/ Gregg Bresner Name: Gregg Bresner Title: President Chief Investment Officer 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 Murray Hill Funding II, LLC , as a Lender By: /s/ Gregg Bresner Name: Gregg Bresner Title: President 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 CROWDOUT CAPITAL LLC , as a Lender By: /s/ Alexander Schoenbaum Name: Alexander Schoenbaum Title: Chief Executive Officer CROWDOUT CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND LLC , as a Lender By: /s/ Alexander Schoenbaum Name: Alexander Schoenbaum Title: Chief Executive Officer 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 BORROWERS: Williams Industrial Services Group Inc. , as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP, L.L.C. , as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES, LLC , as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Assistant Secretary Williams Specialty Services, LLC , as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Assistant Secretary Williams Plant Services, LLC , as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Assistant Secretary WILLIAMS GLOBAL SERVICES, INC. , as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC , as Borrower By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary GUARANTORS: GLOBAL POWER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES INC. , as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: President GPEG, LLC , as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Vice President STEAM ENTERPRISES LLC , as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: President, WISG CANADA LTD. , as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary WISG NUCLEAR LTD. , as Guarantor By: /s/ Damien A. Vassall Name: Damien A. Vassall Title: Chief Financial Officer 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 WISG ELECTRICAL LTD. , as Guarantor By: /s/ Damien A. Vassall Name: Damien A. Vassall Title: Chief Financial Officer WISG ELECTRICAL, LLC , a New York limited liability company, as Guarantor By: /s/ Charles E. Wheelock Name: Charles E. Wheelock Title: Secretary : 

CONFORMED COPY NOT EXECUTED IN THIS FORM INCORPORATING FIRST AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JUNE 30, 2022, SECOND AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF DECEMBER 30, 2022, THIRD AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 9, 2023 AND FOURTH AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 24, 2023 , AND FIFTH AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MARCH 31, 2023 
 Exhibit A Marked Loan Agreement See attached. TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT DATED AS OF December 16, 2020 AMONG EICF AGENT LLC, AS AGENT FOR THE LENDERS SIGNATORY HERETO, WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP INC., AS BORROWER AND THE OTHER CREDIT PARTIES SIGNATORY HERETO CHAPMAN AND CUTLER LLP 1270 Avenue of the Americas, 30th Floor New York, New York 10020 
 4872-1048-2777 7026289 

Table of Contents Page 
 1. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT 1 1.1 Term Loan . 1 
 1.2 Term and Prepayment . 3 
 1.3 Use of Proceeds . 6 
 1.4 Single Loan . 6 
 1.5 Interest . 6 
 1.6 Fees . 8 
 1.7 Receipt of Payments; Taxes . 8 
 1.8 Application and Allocation of Payments. 9 
 1.9 Accounting. 9 
 1.10 Indemnity . 9 
 1.11 Rates . 10 
 1.12 Joinder of New Subsidiaries as a Credit Party, Etc . 10 
 1.13 Non-Funding Lenders . 10 
 1.14 Substitution of Lenders . 11 
 1.15 Inability to Determine Rates . 11 
 2. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 12 2.1 Conditions to the Loan . 12 
 3. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 15 3.1 Corporate Existence; Compliance with Law . 15 
 3.2 Executive Offices, Registered Offices; Corporate or Other Names . 16 
 3.3 Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations . 16 
 3.4 Financial Statements; Books and Records . 16 
 3.5 Material Adverse Change . 16 
 3.6 Revolving Loan Documents; Subordinated Loan Documents . 16 
 3.7 Subsidiaries . 17 
 3.8 Government Regulation; Margin Regulations . 17 
 3.9 Taxes; Charges . 17 
 3.10 Payment of Obligations . 17 
 3.11 ERISA and Canadian Pension Plans . 17 
 3.12 Litigation . 18 
 3.13 Intellectual Property . 18 
 3.14 Full Disclosure . 19 
 3.15 Environmental Liabilities . 19 
 3.16 Insurance . 20 
 3.17 Solvency . 21 
 3.18 Other Financings . 21 
 3.19 Conduct of Business . 21 
 3.20 Further Assurances . 22 
 3.21 Collateral/Maintenance of Property . 22 
 3.22 Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Compliance . 23 
 3.23 Reserved . 24 
 3.24 Reserved . 24 
 3.25 Landlord Agreements . 24 
 3.26 Deposit Accounts; Cash Collateral Accounts . 24 
 3.27 Reserved . 25 
 3.28 After-acquired Property; Additional Collateral . 25 
 3.29 Equity Interests and Subsidiaries . 26 
 3.30 Security Documents . 27 
 3.31 Borrowing Base-Related Reports . 27 
 3.32 Government Contracts . 28 
 3.33 Customer and Trade Relations . 28 
 3.34 Bonding; Licenses . 28 
 3.35 Affiliate Transactions . 28 

 Index page i 

Table of Contents Page 
 3.36 Post-Closing Matters . 28 
 3.37 Investment Company Act . 29 
 3.38 Notice of Change in Investment Company Status . 29 
 3.39 Braden Entities . 29 
 3.40 Capital Provision Agreement . 29 
 4. FINANCIAL MATTERS; REPORTS 29 4.1 Reports and Notices . 29 
 4.2 Financial Covenants . 32 
 4.3 Other Reports and Information . 33 
 4.4 Revolving Loan Agreement Notices; Subordinated Loan Documents Notices . 34 
 4.5 Additional Delivery Requirements . 34 
 5. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 34 5.1 Indebtedness . 34 
 5.2 Liens . 35 
 5.3 Investments; Fundamental Changes . 35 
 5.4 Asset Sales . 36 
 5.5 Restricted Payments . 37 
 5.6 Changes in Nature of Business . 37 
 5.7 Transactions with Affiliates . 37 
 5.8 Third-Party Restrictions on Indebtedness, Liens, Investments or Restricted Payments . 37 
 5.9 Modification of Certain Documents . 38 
 5.10 Accounting Changes; Fiscal Year . 38 
 5.11 Changes to Name, Locations, Etc . 38 
 5.12 Bank Accounts . 38 
 5.13 Margin Regulations . 38 
 5.14 Compliance with ERISA and Canadian Pension Plans . 38 
 5.15 Hazardous Materials . 38 
 5.16 Modifications to Revolving Loan Documents and Subordinated Debt . 39 
 5.17 Inactive Subsidiaries . 39 
 5.18 Compliance with Anti-Terrorism Laws . 39 
 5.19 Sale-Leasebacks . 39 
 5.20 Leases . 40 
 5.21 Captive Insurance Subsidiaries . 40 
 5.22 Payments under the Revolving Loan Agreement . 40 
 6. SECURITY INTEREST 40 6.1 Grant of Security Interest . 40 
 6.2 Agent s Rights . 42 
 6.3 Agent s Appointment as Attorney-in-fact . 42 
 6.4 Grant of License to Use Intellectual Property Collateral . 42 
 6.5 Commercial Tort Claims . 43 
 6.6 Duties of Agent . 43 
 7. EVENTS OF DEFAULT: RIGHTS AND REMEDIES 43 7.1 Events of Default . 43 
 7.2 Remedies . 45 
 7.3 Waivers by Credit Parties . 46 
 7.4 Proceeds . 46 
 8. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS 46 9. AGENT 49 9.1 Appointment and Duties . 49 
 9.2 Binding Effect . 50 
 9.3 Use of Discretion . 50 
 9.4 Delegation of Rights and Duties . 50 
 9.5 Reliance and Liability . 50 
 9.6 Agent Individually . 51 

 Index page ii 

Table of Contents Page 
 9.7 Protective Advances . 51 
 9.8 Expenses; Indemnities . 52 
 9.9 Resignation of Agent . 52 
 9.10 Release of Collateral . 52 
 10. MISCELLANEOUS 53 10.1 Complete Agreement; Modification of Agreement . 53 
 10.2 Expenses . 54 
 10.3 No Waiver . 55 
 10.4 Severability; Section Titles . 55 
 10.5 Authorized Signature . 55 
 10.6 Notices 55 
 10.7 Counterparts . 56 
 10.8 Time of the Essence . 56 
 10.9 Governing Law . 56 
 10.10 Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial . 56 
 10.11 Press Releases . 57 
 10.12 Reinstatement . 57 
 10.13 USA PATRIOT Act Notice and Customer Verification . 57 
 10.14 Sharing of Payments, Etc . 57 
 10.15 Intercreditor Agreement . 57 
 10.16 Confidentiality Agreements . 57 
 10.17 Effect of Benchmark Transition Event . 58 
 10.18 CION as Co-Lead Arranger . 58 
 10.19 Judgment Currency . 58 
 11. GUARANTEE 59 11.1 The Guarantee . 59 
 11.2 Obligations Unconditional . 59 
 11.3 Reinstatement . 60 
 11.4 Subrogation; Subordination . 60 
 11.5 Remedies . 61 
 11.6 Instrument for the Payment of Money . 61 
 11.7 Continuing Guarantee . 61 
 11.8 General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations . 61 
 11.9 Release of Guarantors . 61 
 11.10 Right of Contribution . 61 
 
 Index page iii 

INDEX OF EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES Schedule A - Definitions Schedule B - Schedule of Term Loan Commitments Schedule C - Agent s, Lenders and Credit Parties Addresses for Notices Schedule D - Closing Checklist Schedule E - Restricted Locations Disclosure Schedule (2) _ Capital Providers and Arbitration Proceedings Disclosure Schedule (2.1(e)(iii)) - [Reserved] Disclosure Schedule (3.2) - Places of Business; Corporate Names Disclosure Schedule (3.7) - Subsidiaries Disclosure Schedule (3.9) - Taxes Disclosure Schedule (3.11) - ERISA Disclosure Schedule (3.12) - Litigation Disclosure Schedule (3.13) - Intellectual Property Disclosure Schedule (3.15) - Environmental Matters Disclosure Schedule (3.16) - Insurance Disclosure Schedule (3.18) - Existing Indebtedness Disclosure Schedule (3.26) - Controlled Accounts Disclosure Schedule (3.32) - Government Contracts Disclosure Schedule (3.34) - Bonding; Licensing Disclosure Schedule (3.35) - Affiliate Transactions Disclosure Schedule (5.21) - Employee Compensation Disclosure Schedule (6.1) - Actions to Perfect Liens Disclosure Schedule (6.5) - Commercial Tort Claims Exhibit A - Form of Perfection Certificate Exhibit B - Form of Term Note Exhibit C - Form of Secretarial Certificate Exhibit D - Form of Power of Attorney Exhibit E - Form of Compliance Certificate Exhibit F - Form of Closing Certificate Exhibit G - Form of Solvency Certificate Exhibit H - Form of Joinder Agreement Exhibit I - Form of Assignment Agreement Exhibit J - Form of Delayed Draw Borrowing Request 
 Index page iv 

TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT This TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT is dated as of December 16, 2020, and agreed to by and among Williams Industrial Services Group Inc., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), Williams Industrial Services Group, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company WISG ), Williams Industrial Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WISI ), Williams Specialty Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WSS ), Williams Plant Services, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company WPS ), Williams Global Services, Inc., a Georgia corporation Global ), Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company Construction , and together with Holdings, WISG, WISI, WSS, WPS, Global, Construction, each a Borrower and, collectively, Borrower ), Global Power Professional Services Inc. a Delaware corporation Power ), GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company GPEG ), Steam Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Steam ), WISG Canada Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Canada ), WISG Nuclear Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Nuclear ), WISG Electrical Ltd., a limited company formed in the province of British Columbia, Canada WISG Electrical , and together with Power, GPEG, Steam, WISG Canada, WISG Nuclear, each a Guarantor and, collectively, Guarantor ), the other Credit Parties from time to time party hereto, EICF AGENT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as agent (in such capacity, Agent for the lenders set forth on Schedule B attached hereto and party hereto (each herein referred to as a Lender and collectively, the Lenders ), CION INVESTMENT CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation CION as a Lender and as co-lead arranger (in such capacity, the Co-Lead Arranger ), and the other Lenders from time to time party hereto. RECITALS A. The Credit Parties desire that Borrower obtain the Term Loans described herein from the Lenders and the Lenders are willing to provide the Term Loans all in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. B. Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in Schedule A and, for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the rules of construction set forth in Schedule A shall govern. All schedules, attachments, addenda and exhibits hereto, or expressly identified to this Agreement, are incorporated herein by reference, and taken together with this Agreement, constitute but a single agreement. AGREEMENT NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT 
 1.1 Term Loan . (a) Closing Date Term Loan . Each Lender agrees severally, but not jointly, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, to make to the Borrower an advance (each, a Closing Date Term Loan collectively, the Closing Date Term Loans on the Closing Date in the principal amount equal to such Lender s Closing Date Term Loan Commitment; provided, that each Lender with a Closing Date Term Loan Commitment shall (unless otherwise directed by Agent in writing, including via e-mail) disburse the proceeds of its Closing Date Term Loan made by such Lender to the Borrower directly (and not to the Agent for distribution to the Borrower), provided further, that each Lender shall provide to Agent any information reasonably requested by Agent regarding the Closing Date Term Loan made by such Lender . Each Lender s Term Loan (whether a Closing Date Term Loan made under this Section 1.1(a) or a Delayed Draw Term Loan made under Section 1.1(b) shall, if requested by such Lender at least 2 Business Days prior to the funding of the applicable Term Loan, be evidenced by a promissory note (each a Term Note duly executed and delivered by the Borrower prior to the funding of such Term Loan substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B , and be repayable in accordance with the terms of such Term Note and this Agreement. Borrower shall make payments on the Closing Date Term Loan in accordance with Section 1.1(c) and the other applicable provisions of this Agreement. Once repaid, any amount borrowed under the Closing Date Term Loan Commitment of each Lender may not be re-borrowed. All amounts owed hereunder with respect to the Term Loans shall be paid in full no later than the Maturity Date. After the funding of the Closing Date Term Loan by a Lender, the Closing Date Term Loan Commitments of such Lender 

 1 

shall immediately and automatically (without the necessity of further action) be reduced in the principal amount of the Closing Date Term Loan made by such Lender. (b) Delayed Draw Term Loans . (i) Delayed Draw Term Loans Generally . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions in this Section 1.1(b) and this Agreement, (x) on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, by no later than 12:00 PM New York City time on such day, each Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender, severally, agrees to lend to Borrower, in one or more advances (each such advance, a Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan and collectively, the Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loans in a principal amount equal to the Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of such Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender, and (y) upon not less than five (5) Business Days (or such shorter period as Agent may agree in its absolute discretion) after delivery by Borrower to Agent of a Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request by no later than 1:00 PM New York City time on such day, each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender may, in its sole and absolute discretion, at any time prior to the Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date, lend to Borrower, in one or more advances (each such advance, a Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan and collectively, the Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loans , and together with any Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loans, each a Delayed Draw Term Loan and collectively, the Delayed Draw Term Loans , and the Delayed Draw Term Loans, together with any Closing Date Term Loans, each, a Term Loan , and collectively, the Term Loans or the Loan in a principal amount not to exceed the Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender; provided further , that each Delayed Draw Term Loan shall be made on a pro rata basis based on the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender as of the funding date of any Delayed Draw Term Loan relative to the aggregate amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments of the other Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders as of such funding date (or on such other basis as the Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders all agree); provided further , that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Loan Documents, each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender shall (unless otherwise directed by Agent in writing, including via e-mail) disburse the proceeds of each Delayed Draw Term Loan made by such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender to the Borrower directly (and not to the Agent for distribution to the Borrower), provided that each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender shall provide to Agent any information reasonably requested by Agent regarding any Delayed Draw Term Loan made by a Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender. Borrower agrees that each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender may satisfy any amounts owing to such Lender under the Fee Letters, by deducting such amounts from the proceeds of any Delayed Draw Term Loan made by such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender to Borrower. The Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders shall make no more than three (3) Delayed Draw Term Loans in any Fiscal Month. Any Delayed Draw Term Loan shall be in a minimum amount of Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 500,000) and multiples of One Hundred Thousand Dollars 100,000) in excess thereof (or such other amount as agreed to by all of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders with a remaining Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment); provided, that if the remaining Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments are less than Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 500,000), then the minimum amount of each Delayed Draw Term Loan shall be the maximum amount of the remaining Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments. Any Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request delivered by Borrower hereunder shall be irrevocable and binding on Borrower and shall obligate Borrower to accept the Delayed Draw Term Loans requested from the Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders on the proposed funding date. The Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments shall reduce to zero automatically on the Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date and no Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan shall be made on or after the Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date. The Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments shall reduce to zero automatically after the making of the Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loans on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date. After the funding of any Delayed Draw Term Loan by a Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender, the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender shall immediately and automatically (without the necessity of further action) be reduced in the principal amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan made by such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender. (ii) Conditions to Making of Delayed Draw Term Loans . The (x) obligation of each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender to make any Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent on the relevant funding date , both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to the making of any Fourth Delayed Draw Term Loan, and (y) the making of any Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan is subject to each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender s sole and absolute discretion and the 
 2 

satisfaction of the following conditions precedent on the relevant funding date , both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to the making of any Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan : (A) Agent shall have received a Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request; (B) The representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and in each of the other Loan Documents, certificate or other writing delivered to the Agent pursuant thereto are true and correct in all material respects as of the applicable funding date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (except in each case (whether the applicable funding date or such earlier date) to the extent that such representation or warranty is qualified by Material Adverse Effect or any other materiality qualifier, in which case it is true and correct in all respects); (C) no Default or Event of Default exists and is continuing or would result therefrom; (D) the aggregate Delayed Draw Term Loan Funded Amount of all Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders would not exceed the aggregate Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments; (E) the Delayed Draw Term Loan Funded Amount of any Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender would not exceed such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender s Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment; (F) Borrower shall certify to Agent, and attach evidence to the Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request demonstrating, that immediately before and immediately after the making of the requested Delayed Draw Term Loan, the Credit Parties are in compliance on a pro forma basis with the financial covenants set forth under Section 4.2 (based on the financial covenant levels for the testing period then most recently ended or, in the case of any proposed Delayed Draw Term Loan to be made prior to first date on which the financial covenants are tested under Section 4.2, for the period ending on such first date); (G) the proceeds of the Delayed Draw Term Loan shall only be used for Permitted Acquisitions or working capital of the Credit Parties; and (H) (1) solely with respect to any Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan, Borrower shall have satisfied each condition set forth in Section 4 to the Fourth Amendment, and (2) solely with respect to any Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan, Borrower shall (aa) have complied with the provisions of Section 4.5 as of the relevant funding date and (bb) shall use commercially reasonable best efforts to actively receive Net Cash Proceeds from Equity Issuances or Subordinated Debt issuances in an amount equal to at least 500,000 on terms acceptable to the Agent and the Lenders. Each Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request submitted by Borrower to Agent shall constitute a representation and warranty by Borrower hereunder, as of the date such Delayed Draw Term Loan is requested to be made , that all of the conditions in this Section 1.1(b) are satisfied. It is understood and agreed that, notwithstanding the Credit Parties meeting the conditions set forth in this Section 1.1(b), the Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan facility is an uncommitted facility and the Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders may, in their sole and absolute discretion, elect to not fund any Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loans for any reason whatsoever. (c) Principal Repayments of the Term Loans . On each Payment Date occurring on and after April 1, 2024, Borrower shall make principal payments on the Term Loans to the Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders in quarterly installments equal to the sum of (x) 437,500 (such amount being equal to 1.25 of the 35,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Closing Date Term Loans), plus (y) 1.25 of the aggregate initial principal amounts of all Delayed Draw Term Loans that have been made prior to the applicable Payment Date, which sum shall be payable on the first day of each calendar quarter (each such date, a Payment Date . Borrower shall repay the entire outstanding balance of the Loan on the Stated Maturity Date. Amounts repaid or prepaid on any of the Term Loans may not be reborrowed. 1.2 Term and Prepayment . 
 
 3 

(a) Upon the Maturity Date of the Loan, Borrower shall pay to Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders (i) all outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest on the Loan plus , without duplication of amounts paid pursuant to Section 1.2(b), 1 of the then outstanding principal balance of the Loan and (ii) all other Obligations relating to the Loan then due to or incurred by Agent or the Lenders.
 (b) On any Payment Date, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred hereunder, Borrower shall have the right upon thirty (30) calendar days prior written notice to Agent, to make a voluntary prepayment (a Voluntary Prepayment of all or a portion (in a minimum amount of 1,000,000 and integrate multiples of 100,000 in excess thereof) of the principal amount of all of the Term Loans then outstanding. If the Borrower elects to prepay the Term Loans pursuant to this Section 1.2(b) or otherwise, or if the Term Loans are mandatorily prepaid in whole or in part pursuant to any other clause of this Section 1.2 (each, a Mandatory Prepayment and together with any Voluntary Prepayment, the Prepayments ), the Borrower shall pay to the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders a prepayment fee as follows: (i) in the case of any Prepayment (other than under Section 1.2(f) or (h) made prior to August 3, 2023, 3 of the principal Loan amount being prepaid on the date of such Prepayment; (ii) in the case of any Prepayment (other than under Section 1.2(f) or (h) made on or after August 3, 2023 and prior to August 3, 2024, 2 of the principal Loan amount being prepaid on the date of such Prepayment; and (iii) in the case of any Prepayment (other than under Section 1.2(f) or (h) made on or after August 3, 2024, 1 of the principal Loan amount being prepaid on the date of such Prepayment.
 (c) Asset Sales and Casualty Events . Not later than five (5) Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds of any Asset Sale or any Casualty Event by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, Credit Parties shall make Mandatory Prepayments of the Obligations to be applied thereto in accordance with Section 1.8 in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds; provided , that such Net Cash Proceeds shall not be required to be applied as a mandatory prepayment on such date to the extent that (x) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (y) Credit Parties have delivered an Officers Certificate to the Agent on or prior to such date stating that such Net Cash Proceeds are expected to be reinvested in fixed or capital assets within six (6) months following the date of such Asset Sale or Casualty Event (which Officers Certificate shall set forth the estimates of the proceeds to be so expended); provided , that (A) all such Net Cash Proceeds that are proposed to be reinvested shall be held in a cash collateral deposit account under the exclusive dominion and control of the Agent (and Agent shall, for the avoidance of doubt, have the sole and exclusive right to direct and/or give instructions to the depository institution regarding the disposition of funds in such account (such account, the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account and constitute Term Loan Priority Collateral under the Intercreditor Agreement, and (B) if all or any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds is not so reinvested within such six (6)-month period, such unused portion shall be applied on the last day of such period (or the Maturity Date, if earlier) as a Mandatory Prepayment as provided in this Section 1.2(c) ; provided , further , that if the property subject to such Asset Sale or such Casualty Event constituted Collateral, then all property purchased with the Net Cash Proceeds thereof pursuant to this subsection shall be made subject to the Lien created pursuant to this Agreement in favor of the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders in accordance with Sections 3.20 and 3.28 . Nothing contained in this Section 1.2(c) shall permit any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries to effect any Asset Sale other than in accordance with Section 5.4 .
 (d) Debt Issuance or Preferred Stock Issuance . Not later than one (1) Business Day following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds of any Debt Issuance (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall exclude the Subordinated Debt issued on or about (x) the Third Amendment Effective Date and (y) the Fourth Amendment Effective Date in an amount not to exceed 500,000) or Preferred Stock Issuance by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, at the election of Agent, Borrower shall make Mandatory Prepayments of the Obligations to be applied thereto in accordance with Section 1.8 in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds. The provisions of this Section 1.2(d) shall not be an implied consent to any such issuance otherwise prohibited by the terms of this Agreement. 
 (e) Equity Issuance . Not later than three (3) Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds of any Equity Issuance (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall exclude Equity Issuance issued on or about the Fourth Amendment Effective Date in an amount not to exceed 500,000), Borrower shall make Mandatory Prepayments of the Obligations to be applied thereto in accordance with Section 1.8 in an 

 4 

aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds. The provisions of this Section 1.2(e) shall not be an implied consent to any such issuance otherwise prohibited by the terms of this Agreement. 
 (f) Prepayments from Excess Cash Flow . On the date that the Borrower s financial statements are required to be delivered to Agent under Section 4.1 for the periods ending December 31 of each calendar year, beginning with the financial statements for the period ending December 31, 2021, the Borrower shall deliver a certificate (the Excess Cash Flow Certificate ), executed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower, to Agent and the Lenders which shall set forth the calculation of Excess Cash Flow for such period and irrevocably offer and agree to prepay the Obligations in an amount equal to (x) with respect to the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2023 and each Fiscal Year thereafter, seventy-five percent (75 of Excess Cash Flow, less (y) all Voluntary Prepayments made during such calendar year on the Term Loans; provided that, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, no such prepayments shall be required unless Excess Cash Flow for such year equals or exceeds 500,000, at which point the Borrower shall cause to be prepaid an aggregate principal amount of Loans equal to the applicable percentage of Excess Cash Flow as set forth herein from the first dollar. The Borrower shall make any Prepayment under this clause (f) on the date that is ten (10) Business Days after the date that Borrower s financial statements are required to be delivered to Agent under Section 4.1 for the period ending December 31 of each calendar year. Excess Cash Flow for each calendar year shall be calculated on the basis of the financial statements delivered to Agent pursuant to the Section 4.1 for the period ending on the last day of such calendar year. Each Lender may accept or reject the offer to prepay the Obligations made pursuant to this Section 1.2(f) by causing a written notice of such acceptance or rejection to be delivered to Agent on or before the second day prior to the date the Prepayment is due. A failure by a Lender to respond to an offer to prepay made pursuant to this Section 1.2(f) on or before such date shall be deemed to constitute an acceptance of such offer. All such prepayments from Excess Cash Flow shall be applied to the Obligations in accordance with Section 1.8 .
 (g) Reserved . 
 (h) Arbitration Recovery Proceeds and Other Extraordinary Receipts . 
 (i) Not later than three (3) Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds from an Arbitration Recovery (such Net Cash Proceeds calculated after giving effect to the payment of all obligations owing by the Borrower to the litigation finance partner pursuant to written agreements between the Borrower and such litigation partner, costs, fees and expenses incurred or payable by the Borrower in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding including, without limitation, all legal costs and disbursements incurred or made by the Borrower in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding), Borrower shall make Mandatory Prepayments of the Obligations to be applied thereto in accordance with Section 1.8 in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds; provided , that all such Net Cash Proceeds shall immediately upon receipt by Borrower, prior to the making of any Mandatory Prepayment in accordance with the foregoing, be held in the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account and constitute Term Loan Priority Collateral under the Intercreditor Agreement. Any Net Cash Proceeds of an Arbitration Recovery shall immediately upon receipt by Borrower be deposited in the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account and, unless applied as a Mandatory Prepayment in accordance with this Section 1.2(h), remain on deposit in such Term Loan Priority Collateral Account, including (in respect of any prepayment that is declined by any of the Lenders under Section 1.2(i)) in the period (if any) from and after the time any of the Lenders decline a proposed prepayment of such Net Cash Proceeds, subject, until an Activation Notice has been delivered to the applicable depository in respect of the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account, to the Borrower s right to use those Net Cash Proceeds in accordance with the Loan Documents. (ii) Not later than three (3) Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds from any Extraordinary Receipts (other than (A) from an Arbitration Recovery, and (B) so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, the Proceeds from the Chubb Proceedings and/or the Koontz-Wagner Bankruptcy Proceedings ), Borrower shall make Mandatory Prepayments of the Obligations to be applied thereto in accordance with Section 1.8 in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds . 
 5 

(i) Lender Option to Decline Prepayment . With respect to any Mandatory Prepayment required pursuant to this Section 1.2 , any Lender, at its option, may elect not to accept such prepayment as provided below. The Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify the Agent of any event giving rise to a prepayment under Section 1.2 at least five (5) Business Days prior to the date of such prepayment. Each such notice shall specify the expected date of such prepayment and provide a reasonably detailed estimated calculation of the amount of such prepayment that is required to be made under this Section 1.2 (the Prepayment Amount ). The Agent will promptly notify each Lender of the contents of any such prepayment notice so received from the Borrower, including the date on which such prepayment is expected to be made by the Borrower (the Prepayment Date ). Any Lender may decline to accept all or any portion of its share of any such prepayment (any such Lender, a Declining Lender by providing written notice to the Agent no later than two (2) Business Days after the date of such Lender s receipt of notice from the Agent regarding such prepayment. If any Lender does not give a notice to the Agent on or prior to such second Business Day informing the Agent that it declines to accept the applicable prepayment, then such Lender will be deemed to have accepted such prepayment. On any Prepayment Date, an amount equal to the Prepayment Amount including the portion thereof allocable to Declining Lenders, in each case for such Prepayment Date, shall be paid to the Agent by the Borrower and applied by the Agent ratably to prepay the applicable Loan owing to Lenders (other than Declining Lenders) in the manner described in Section 1.8 for such prepayment. The portion of such Prepayment Amount that was allocated to any Declining Lender shall be applied pro rata to the Lenders who have not declined their share of such Prepayment Amount. 
 1.3 Use of Proceeds . Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Loan (i) to refinance on the Closing Date, prior indebtedness, (ii) for working capital purposes and other corporate purposes, and (iii) to pay any fees associated with transactions contemplated under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.
 1.4 Single Loan . The Loan and all of the other Obligations shall constitute one general obligation of Borrower secured by all of the Collateral.
 1.5 Interest . 
 (a) Borrower shall pay interest to Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders on the outstanding balance of the Loan at a per annum rate equal to (i) from the Closing Date until December 31, 2022, LIBOR plus the Applicable Margin, and (ii) from and after January 1, 2023, Adjusted Term SOFR plus the Applicable Margin. All computations of interest on the Loan shall be made by Agent on the basis of a three hundred and sixty (360) day year, in each case for the actual number of days occurring in the period for which such interest is payable. In no event will Agent charge interest at a rate that exceeds the highest rate of interest permissible under any law that a court of competent jurisdiction shall, in a final determination, deem applicable.
 (b) Interest shall be payable on the balance of the Loan (i) quarterly in arrears and shall be due on the first day of each calendar quarter (subject, solely in the case of the calendar quarter commencing January 1, 2023, to the adjustment noted in the following sentence), (ii) on the Maturity Date of the Loan, and (iii) if any interest accrues or remains payable after the Maturity Date of the Loan, upon demand by Agent. For each Payment Date occurring from and including January 1, 2023 until and including January 1, 2024, interest shall be payable in cash and payable in-kind as follows: (x) 10 per annum shall be paid in cash and (y) (i) solely in the case of the calendar quarter commencing January 1, 2023, on January 9, 2023 (a) LIBOR, plus (b) the Applicable Margin, minus (c) 10 per annum, shall be paid-in-kind on (be capitalized, compounded and thereby increase) the outstanding principal amount of the Loan (as such principal amount is increased from time to time) on January 9, 2023 as if such interest was paid-in-kind and the principal amount of the Loan increased by the paid-in-kind interest on January 1, 2023 (i.e., the paid-in-kind interest is due and payable on January 9, 2023, but from and after January 9, 2023 is deemed to have increased the Loan amount by the applicable paid-in-kind interest amount as of January 1, 2023 such that the interest payable on the April 1, 2023 Payment Date for the entire quarter ending March 31, 2023 shall accrue based on the principal amount of the Loan as if the paid-in-kind interest was paid on January 1, 2023); and (ii) for each other Payment Date in such period, the PIK Rate shall be paid-in-kind on (be capitalized, compounded and thereby increase) the outstanding principal amount of the Loan (as such principal amount is increased 

 6 

from time to time) on each such Payment Date. For each Payment Date occurring after April 1, 2024, all interest shall be payable in cash.
 (c) Effective upon the occurrence of any Event of Default and for so long as any Event of Default shall be continuing, the interest rate applicable to the Loan shall automatically be increased by two percent (2.0 per annum (such increased rate, the Default Rate ), and all outstanding Obligations, including accrued but unpaid interest (to the extent permitted under applicable law), shall continue to accrue interest from the date of such Event of Default until the earlier of (x) the date on which such Obligations are paid in full and (y) the date on which such Event of Default ceases to be continuing, at the Default Rate applicable to such Obligations.
 (d) If any payment to the Agent or any Lender under this Agreement becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, such Payment Date shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and interest thereon shall be payable at the then applicable rate during such extension.
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 1.5 , if a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final order that the rate of interest payable hereunder exceeds the highest rate of interest permissible under law (the Maximum Lawful Rate ), then so long as the Maximum Lawful Rate would be so exceeded, the rate of interest payable hereunder shall be equal to the Maximum Lawful Rate; provided , however , that if at any time thereafter the rate of interest payable hereunder is less than the Maximum Lawful Rate, Borrower shall continue to pay interest hereunder at the Maximum Lawful Rate until such time as the total interest received by Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders is equal to the total interest that would have been received had the interest rate payable hereunder been (but for the operation of this paragraph) the interest rate payable since the Closing Date as otherwise provided in this Agreement. In no event shall the total interest received by Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders pursuant to the terms hereof exceed the amount that Agent could lawfully have received had the interest due hereunder been calculated for the full term hereof at the Maximum Lawful Rate.
 (f) For the purposes of the Interest Act (Canada), (i) whenever a rate of interest or fee rate hereunder is calculated on the basis of a year (the deemed year that contains fewer days than the actual number of days in the calendar year of calculation, such rate of interest or fee rate shall be expressed as a yearly rate by multiplying such rate of interest or fee rate by the actual number of days in the calendar year of calculation and dividing it by the number of days in the deemed year, (ii) the principle of deemed reinvestment of interest shall not apply to any interest calculation hereunder and (iii) the rates of interest stipulated herein are intended to be nominal rates and not effective rates or yields.
 (g) On the earlier to occur of (i) the Maturity Date, (ii) the Termination Date, (iii) any acceleration of the Obligations in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, (iv) termination of this Agreement by any party hereto in accordance with the terms hereof, the Borrower shall pay Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders, additional interest in an amount equal to the sum of (x)(i) the aggregate amount of all Delayed Draw Term Loans made by the Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders as of such date, multiplied by (ii) 50 , plus 60 , plus (y) 350,000. For the avoidance of doubt, amounts due under this Section 1.5(g) shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any amounts due under Section 1.2 of this Agreement, if any.
 
 7 

1.6 Fees . 
 Borrower agrees to pay to Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders: (a) the fees set forth in that certain (i) EIP Fee Letter, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among Agent and the Borrower, (ii) CION Fee Letter, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among Agent and the Borrower and (iii) CrowdOut Fee Letter, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among Agent and the Borrower (collectively, each as may be amended, the Fee Letters ), in each case, when such fees are due and payable; 
 (b) all fees, costs and expenses of closing due and owing and presented as of the Closing Date, including without limitation, those relating to (i) Agent s due diligence review and evaluation of the transaction, (ii) the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of the Loan Documents, (iii) the closing of the Transactions, (iv) all appraisal, audit, environmental, title work, travel, inspection, surveys, filing, search and registration fees, (v) any loan, escrow, recording and transfer fees and taxes (as applicable), and (vi) Agent s counsel reasonable fees and expenses relating to any of the foregoing; and
 (c) additional interest (the Third Amendment Additional Interest in an amount equal to 254,167.48 (such amount being equal to 1.00 of the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans as of the date that is 1 Business Day prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date), which Third Amendment Additional Interest shall be paid in kind and added to the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans on the Third Amendment Effective Date, which Third Amendment Additional Interest shall be payable to the Agent for the ratable benefit of each Lender that has delivered an executed signature page to the Third Amendment on or prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date. Under the First Amendment to this Agreement, additional interest of 175,000 was paid by Borrower to the Agent on the effective date of such First Amendment. Under such First Amendment, this additional interest was, due to administrative error, incorrectly referred to as an amendment fee, but is hereby deemed to constitute additional interest as of the date it was paid.
 The Borrower agrees that any fees due and payable by the Borrower on the Closing Date, or on the funding date of any Delayed Draw Term Loan, may be satisfied by the Agent, or the Delayed Draw Term Lenders making such Delayed Draw Term Loan, deducting or setting off the amount of such fees from the proceeds of the Term Loan funded to the Borrower on the Closing Date, or on such funding date of a Delayed Draw Term Loan, and by Agent paying such fees to the Persons to whom such fees are owed (or each Lender paying such fees to itself in the case that the Lender funds a Term Loan to the Borrower directly, and not by first funding Agent before a Term Loan is funded to Borrower). 1.7 Receipt of Payments; Taxes . 
 (a) Borrower shall make each payment under this Agreement (not otherwise made pursuant to Section 1.8 without set-off, counterclaim or deduction and free and clear of all Taxes not later than 1:00 PM New York City time on the day when due in lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds to an account specified by the Agent in writing, except as required by applicable law. If a Withholding Agent shall be required by applicable law to deduct any Taxes from any payment to any Recipient under any Loan Document, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by Borrower shall be increased so that, after making all required deductions (including such deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 1.7 ), the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to that which it would have received had no such deductions been made. Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 1.7 , Borrower shall deliver to Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to Agent. 
 8 

(b) If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to Section 1.7(a) or Section 1.10 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to Section 1.7(a) ), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under Sections 1.7(a) and Section 1.10 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this Section 1.7(b) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 1.7(b) , in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this Section 1.7(b) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This Section 1.7(b) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 1.8 Application and Allocation of Payments. Except as otherwise provided in the Intercreditor Agreement, Borrower irrevocably agrees that Agent shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply any and all payments against the then due and payable Obligations in such order as Agent may deem advisable; provided , however , that unless Agent elects otherwise any and all Mandatory Prepayments shall be applied against the then due and payable Obligations as follows: (a) first , against the remaining principal installments of the Term Loan (including the final installment on the Maturity Date) in inverse order of maturity until the principal on the Term Loans is paid in full; (b) second , to payment of all accrued unpaid cash interest on the Obligations ; (c) third , to payment of costs and expenses, including attorneys fees, of Agent payable or reimbursable by Credit Parties under the Loan Documents ; (d) fourth , to payment of any other amounts owing constituting Obligations; and (e) fifth , any remainder shall be for the account of and paid to whoever may be lawfully entitled thereto. Each of Lenders or other Persons entitled to payment shall receive an amount equal to its pro rata share of amounts available to be applied pursuant to clauses (a) , (b) , (d) and (e) above. 
 1.9 Accounting. Each Lender is authorized to record on its books and records the date and amount of the Loan and each payment of principal thereof and such recordation shall constitute prima facie evidence of the accuracy of the information so recorded.
 1.10 Indemnity . Borrower and each other Credit Party executing this Agreement jointly and severally agree to indemnify and hold each Recipient and their Affiliates, and each of their respective employees, officers, attorneys, advisors and agents (each, an Indemnified Person ), harmless from and against any and all suits, actions, proceedings, claims, damages, demands, losses, liabilities and expenses of any kind or nature whatsoever (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements and other costs of investigation or defense, including those incurred upon any appeal) that may be instituted or asserted against or incurred by any such Indemnified Person as the result of credit having been extended, suspended or terminated under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or with respect to the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance and administration of, or in any other way arising out of or relating to, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any other documents or transactions contemplated by or referred to herein or therein and any actions or failures to act with respect to any of the foregoing, including any and all product liabilities, Environmental Liabilities, Indemnified Taxes (including, without duplication, Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under Section 1.7 or Section 1.10 and reasonable legal costs and expenses arising out of or incurred in connection with disputes between or among any parties to any of the Loan Documents (collectively, Indemnified Liabilities ), except to the extent that any such Indemnified Liability (x) is finally determined by a non-appealable court order by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted solely from such Indemnified Person s willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence, or (y) arises in a dispute among Indemnified Parties, to which the Borrower and Guarantors are not a party, and which dispute does not arise from any act or omission of the Borrower or any of the Borrower s affiliates (other than a claim against any agent or arranger solely in its capacity as an arranger or agent under the Loan Documents). NO INDEMNIFIED PERSON SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO ANY CREDIT PARTY, 

 9 

ANY SUCCESSOR, ASSIGNEE OR THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY OR ANY OTHER PERSON ASSERTING CLAIMS DERIVATIVELY THROUGH SUCH PARTY, FOR INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT MAY BE ALLEGED AS A RESULT OF CREDIT HAVING BEEN EXTENDED, SUSPENDED OR TERMINATED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR AS A RESULT OF ANY OTHER TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER. 1.11 Rates . The Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service.
 1.12 Joinder of New Subsidiaries as a Credit Party, Etc . As soon as possible (and in any event upon the earlier of (a) thirty (30) days after formation or (b) the date on which such Subsidiary owns any material assets) after the formation of any new Subsidiary of a Credit Party or simultaneously with the consummation of acquisition of any new Subsidiary of a Credit Party, Borrower shall take such actions as required by Section 3.28 and cause such new Subsidiary to become a Grantor and either a co-Borrower or Guarantor under this Agreement by having the following documents delivered to the Lenders: (i) a Secretarial Certificate, a Power of Attorney and a Joinder Agreement in the forms of Exhibits C , D and H attached hereto, respectively, duly completed, executed and delivered by such new Subsidiary, (ii) security and other collateral documents, filings and instruments with respect to such new Subsidiary of the types described on Schedule D attached hereto and such other collateral documents, filings and instruments with respect to such new Subsidiary necessary or desirable to create and perfect Liens in favor of Agent on the assets of such new Subsidiary, (iii) an opinion of counsel to such new Subsidiary, in form, substance and scope comparable to the legal opinion of Borrower s counsel delivered to Agent and Lenders on the Closing Date and (iv) an updated Disclosure Schedule (3.7) . Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Inactive Subsidiary shall form any new Subsidiary. 
 1.13 Non-Funding Lenders . Unless Agent shall have received notice from any Lender prior to the date such Lender is required to make any advance or payment hereunder with respect to the Loan that such Lender will not make such advance or payment (or any portion thereof) available to Agent or to Borrower to the extent required hereunder, Agent may assume that such Lender has made such payment available to Agent or Borrower, as applicable, on the date such advance or payment is required to be made in accordance with this Section 1 and Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. Borrower agrees to repay to Agent on demand such amount made available by Agent (until repaid by such Lender) with interest thereon for each day from the date such amount is made available to Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to Agent, at the interest rate applicable to the Obligation that would have been created when Agent made available such amount to Borrower had such Lender made a corresponding payment available; provided , however , that such payment shall not relieve such Lender of any obligation it may have to Borrower. In addition, any Lender that shall not have made available to Agent or Borrower, as applicable, any portion of any advance or payment described above (any such Lender, a Non-Funding Lender agrees to pay such amount, to the extent Agent made such amount available to Borrower, to Agent on demand together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to Agent, at the 

 10 

interest rate applicable at the time to the Term Loan. Such repayment shall then constitute the funding of the corresponding Loan (including any Loan deemed to have been made hereunder with such payment) or participation. The existence of any Non-Funding Lender shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations under any Loan Document, but no other Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any Non-Funding Lender to make any payment required under any Loan Document. 1.14 Substitution of Lenders . 
 (a) Substitution Right . In the event that any Lender that is not an Affiliate of Agent (an Affected Lender ), (i) becomes a Non-Funding Lender with respect to the Loan or (ii) does not consent to any amendment, waiver or consent to any Loan Document for which the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained but that requires the consent of all Lenders, Borrower may either pay in full such Affected Lender with respect to amounts due on the Term Loan at par value of such Term Loan (and without any prepayment premium or other fee) of such Lender with the consent of Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) or substitute for such Affected Lender any other Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender or any other Person acceptable (which acceptance shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) to Agent (in each case, a Substitute Lender ).
 (b) Procedure . To substitute such Affected Lender or pay in full the Obligations owed to such Affected Lender under such Lender s Term Loan at par value (and without any prepayment premium or other fee), Borrower shall deliver a notice to Agent and such Affected Lender. The effectiveness of such payment or substitution shall be subject to the delivery to Agent by Borrower (or, as may be applicable in the case of a substitution, by the Substitute Lender) of (i) payment for the account of such Affected Lender, of, to the extent accrued through, and outstanding on, the effective date for such payment or substitution, all Obligations owing to such Affected Lender with respect to such Lender s Term Loan at par value (and without any prepayment premium or other fee), and (ii) in the case of a substitution, (A) payment of the assignment fee set forth in Section 8(a) and (B) an assumption agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Agent whereby the Substitute Lender shall, among other things, agree to be bound by the terms of the Loan Documents and assume the Term Loan Commitments of the Affected Lender.
 (c) Effectiveness . Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in clause (b) above, Agent shall record such substitution or payment in the Register, whereupon (i) in the case of any payment in full of all Obligations owing to such Affected Lender, such Affected Lender s Term Loan Commitments (if not previously terminated) and the outstanding Term Loan shall be terminated and (ii) in the case of any substitution, (A) the Affected Lender shall sell and be relieved of, and the Substitute Lender shall purchase and assume, all rights and claims of such Affected Lender under the Loan Documents with respect to such Lender s Term Loan, except that the Affected Lender shall retain such rights expressly providing that they survive the repayment of the Obligations and the termination of the Term Loan Commitments, (B) the Substitute Lender shall become a Lender hereunder having a Term Loan Commitment (if not previously terminated) and the outstanding Term Loan in the amount of such Affected Lender s Term Loan Commitment and/or outstanding Term Loan as applicable, and (C) the Affected Lender shall execute and deliver to Agent an Assignment Agreement to evidence such substitution and deliver any Note in its possession with respect to its Term Loan; provided , however , that the failure of any Affected Lender to execute any such Assignment Agreement or deliver any such Note shall not render such sale and purchase (or the corresponding assignment) invalid.
 1.15 Inability to Determine Rates . Subject to Section 10.17, if, on or prior to the first day of any quarter, either (a) the Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, or (b) the Required Lenders determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a SOFR Loan or a conversion thereto or a continuation thereof that Adjusted Term SOFR for any applicable interest period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making and maintaining such Loan, and the Required Lenders have provided notice of such determination to the Agent, then, in each case, the Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Upon notice thereof by the Agent to the Borrower, any obligation of the Lenders to make SOFR Loans, and any right of the Borrower to continue SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to SOFR Loans, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected interest periods) until the Agent 

 11 

(with respect to the foregoing clause (b), at the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected interest periods) or, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing or continuation of, or conversion to, Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein and (ii) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted into Base Rate Loans at the end of the applicable interest period. Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to this Agreement. Subject to Section 10.17, if the Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof on any given day, the interest rate on Base Rate Loans shall be determined by the Agent without reference to the clause of the definition of Base Rate that is based on Adjusted Term SOFR until the Agent revokes such determination. 2. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 2.1 Conditions to the Loan . No Lender shall be obligated to make a Term Loan on the Closing Date, unless and until all of the following conditions have been satisfied in a manner satisfactory to Agent in its sole discretion, or waived in writing by Agent:
 (a) Closing Checklist . The documents and other items or actions set forth on the Closing Checklist Schedule D shall have been duly executed and delivered, or completed by the appropriate parties, except where such Closing Checklist indicates that such document, item or action may be delivered or completed after the Closing Date;
 (b) Insurance . Agent shall have received evidence satisfactory to it that the insurance policies provided for in Section 3.16 are in full force and effect, together with appropriate evidence showing loss payable or additional insured clauses or endorsements in favor of Agent as required under such Section;
 (c) Opinions of Counsel . Agent shall have received opinions of counsel to the Credit Parties with respect to this Agreement, the Notes and the other Loan Documents in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent;
 (d) Fees . Borrower has paid the fees under the Fee Letters due and payable on the Closing Date to Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders and shall have reimbursed Agent for all reasonable attorneys fees, and other costs and expenses of closing due and owing and presented as of the Closing Date (together with any estimates of any post-closing costs and expenses related to post-closing items, if any), each in immediately available funds, or authorized the Agent to deduct the fees due and payable on the Closing Date under the Fee Letters and such other fees, costs and expenses of closing from the amount of the Term Loan made on the Closing Date;
 (e) Reserved . 
 (f) Representations and Warranties . Any representation or warranty by any Credit Party contained herein or in any of the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct (x) as stated as to representations and warranties which contain materiality limitations, and (y) in all material respects as to all other representations and warranties; except to the extent that any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case, such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date (x) as stated as to representations and warranties which contain materiality limitations, and (y) in all material respects as to all other representations and warranties;
 (g) Material Adverse Effect . No event or circumstance that has had or reasonably could be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect has occurred since December 31, 2019;
 (h) Default . No Default has occurred or is continuing or would result after giving effect to the Loan;
 (i) Financings and Other Transactions, etc. 

 12 

(i) The Transactions shall have been consummated or shall be consummated simultaneously on the Closing Date, in each case in all material respects in accordance with the terms hereof and the terms of the Transaction Documents. 
 (ii) The Borrower shall have entered into the Revolving Loan Agreement with the Revolving Agent and the other parties thereto, providing for a revolving credit facility to Borrower with an aggregate revolving commitment amount of 30,000,000, and the Revolving Loan Documents shall be reasonably acceptable to Agent and Co-Lead Arranger. Agent (on behalf of the Lenders), on the one hand, and the Revolving Agent (on behalf of the secured parties under the Revolving Loan Documents) shall have entered into an Intercreditor Agreement (the Intercreditor Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and Co-Lead Arranger. 
 (iii) The Agent shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to it that all Indebtedness of the Credit Parties existing prior to the Closing Date and not permitted under Section 5.1 shall have been paid in full from Proceeds of the Loan and/or Proceeds of the initial advance under the Revolving Loan Agreement, and that the commitment by any prior lender to make extensions of credit to the Credit Parties has been terminated to the satisfaction of the Agent with all liens in favor of such prior lenders being unconditionally released; the Agent shall have received a pay-off letter in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent with respect to all such Indebtedness being paid in full from such Proceeds and any such commitment to make extensions of credit terminated; and the Agent shall have received from any Person holding any Lien securing any such debt, such UCC termination statements, mortgage releases, releases of assignments of leases and rents, releases of security interests in Intellectual Property and other instruments, in each case in proper form for recording, as the Agent shall have reasonably requested to release and terminate of record the Liens securing such debt. 
 (j) Indebtedness and Minority Interests . After giving effect to the Transactions and the other transactions contemplated hereby, no Credit Party shall have outstanding any Indebtedness or preferred stock other than (i) the Loans hereunder, (ii) the Indebtedness under the Revolving Credit Agreement, (iii) the Indebtedness and preferred stock listed on Disclosure Schedule (3.18) , and (iv) any Indebtedness otherwise permitted under Section 5.1 . 
 (k) Requirements of Law . The Credit Parties and the Transactions shall be in full compliance with all material Requirements of Law, including Regulations T, U and X of the Federal Reserve Board, and Agent shall have received satisfactory evidence of such compliance reasonably requested by it. 
 (l) Consents . All requisite Governmental Authorities and third parties shall have approved or consented to the Transactions, and there shall be no governmental or judicial action, actual or threatened, that has or would have, singly or in the aggregate, a reasonable likelihood of restraining, preventing or imposing burdensome conditions on the Transactions or the other transactions contemplated hereby. 
 (m) Litigation . There shall be no litigation, public or private, or administrative proceedings, governmental investigation or other legal or regulatory developments, actual or threatened, that, singly or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or could materially and adversely affect the ability of the Credit Parties to fully and timely perform their respective obligations under the Loan Documents or the ability of the parties to consummate the financings contemplated hereby or the other Transactions. 
 (n) Sources and Uses . The sources and uses of the Loan shall be as set forth in Section 1.3 . 
 (o) Personal Property Requirements . The Agent shall have received: 
 (i) Unless provided otherwise in the Intercreditor Agreement, (A) all certificates, agreements or instruments representing or evidencing the Pledged Securities, and (B) original instruments of 

 13 

transfer and stock powers undated and endorsed in blank with respect to such certificates, agreements and instruments; 
 (ii) all other certificates, agreements, or instruments necessary to perfect the Agent s security interest in all Chattel Paper, all Instruments, and all Investment Property of each Credit Party (to the extent required hereunder); 
 (iii) UCC and PPSA financing statements in appropriate form for filing under the UCC and the PPSA, as applicable, filings with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, United States Copyright Office and the Canadian Intellectual Property Office, as applicable, and such other documents under applicable Requirements of Law in each jurisdiction as may be necessary or appropriate or, in the opinion of the Agent, desirable to perfect the Liens created, or purported to be created, hereunder; 
 (iv) certified copies (to the extent applicable) of UCC, PPSA, United States Patent and Trademark Office and United States Copyright Office, Canadian Intellectual Property Office, Bank Act (Canada), tax and judgment lien searches, bankruptcy, execution and pending lawsuit searches or equivalent reports or searches, each of a recent date listing all effective financing statements, lien notices or comparable documents that name any Credit Party as debtor and that are filed in those federal, provincial, territorial, state and county jurisdictions in which any Credit Party is organized or maintains its chief executive office, registered office, principal place of business, property or assets with a value in excess of 100,000 and such other searches that are required by the Perfection Certificate or that the Agent deems necessary or appropriate, none of which encumber the Collateral covered or intended to be covered hereunder (other than Permitted Liens or any other Liens acceptable to the Agent); and 
 (v) evidence acceptable to the Agent of payment or arrangements for payment by the Credit Parties of all applicable recording taxes, fees, charges, costs and expenses required for the recording of Liens. 
 (p) USA PATRIOT Act . The Lenders and the Agent shall have timely received the information required under Section 10.13 and background investigations of the Guarantors and the Borrower s management and the results thereof shall be satisfactory to Agent in its sole discretion.
 (q) Tax Analysis . Agent shall have completed a tax analysis of each Credit Party, the results of which shall be satisfactory to Agent in its sole discretion.
 (r) Capitalization Information . Agent shall have received from the Borrower, an accurate and complete, in all material respects, (i) list of the record shareholders of Holdings as maintained by Holdings and (ii) list of the shareholders holding at least 5 of the Equity Interests of Holdings (including the applicable ownership percentages), in each case, as of a recent date prior to the Closing Date.
 (s) Organization Chart . Agent shall have received from the Borrower an accurate and complete organization chart reflecting all of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries and joint ventures of Holdings (and any other Person in which Holdings or any of the foregoing Subsidiaries or joint ventures holds Equity Interests) (including the applicable ownership percentages) as of: (i) the date immediately prior to the Closing Date (the Pre-Closing Organization Chart ), and (ii) the date immediately following the Closing Date (the Post-Closing Organization Chart (collectively, the Organization Charts ). To the extent that the Pre-Closing Organization Chart is identical to the Post-Closing Organization Chart, the Borrower may certify to Agent that the Post-Closing Organization Chart is identical to the Pre-Closing Organization Chart.
 (t) Financial Requirements . 
 (i) Minimum Liquidity . After giving pro forma effect to the Transactions, Liquidity shall be equal to or greater than 7,500,000. 
 14 

(u) Delivery of SBA Documents . The Borrower shall have delivered the following documents in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and each Lender that is an SBIC (and, as applicable, duly executed and dated as of the Closing Date or an earlier date satisfactory to such SBIC):
 (i) a Note;
 (ii) the SBA Side Letter;
 (iii) each duly executed and completed SBA Form; and
 (iv) such other documents or instruments as reasonably requested by such SBIC to comply with the Act.
 (v) Financial Information . The Borrower shall have delivered the following documents in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent:
 (i) Annual projections for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for 5 years, including monthly projections for at least the 24 months following the Closing Date; and
 (ii) Audited financial statements for the prior three Fiscal Years (including the most recently ended Fiscal Year) and unaudited financial statements for last 3 fiscal quarters, all for Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated and consolidating basis.
 (iii) The Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Revolving Agent on the Closing Date.
 (iv) A pro forma balance sheet for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Agent.
 (v) Background checks on certain officers and members of management of the Borrower as determined by Agent and Co-Lead Arranger.
 (vi) Evidence of the solvency of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, pursuant to a form of solvency certificate in the form of Exhibit G hereto.
 3. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 To induce Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to induce the Lenders to make the Loan, Borrower and each other Credit Party executing this Agreement, jointly and severally, represent and warrant to Agent and each Lender (each of which representations and warranties shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement), and promise to and agree with Agent and each Lender until the Termination Date as follows: 3.1 Corporate Existence; Compliance with Law . Each Grantor: (a) is, as of the Closing Date, and thereafter will continue to be (i) (A) a corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership, as applicable, duly organized, and validly existing (except as otherwise expressly permitted under Section 5.3) and (B) in good standing (or its equivalent) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (ii) duly qualified to do business and in good standing (or its equivalent) in each other jurisdiction where its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (iii) in compliance with all Requirements of Law, Contractual Obligations and Permits that are necessary or appropriate for the conduct of such Grantor s business, except to the extent failure to comply therewith could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (b) has and will continue to have (i) the requisite corporate power, or limited liability company power, as applicable, and authority and the legal right to (A) execute and deliver the Loan Documents, in each case, as of the date of execution and delivery of such Loan Documents to which it is a party, (B) perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (C) own, pledge, mortgage or otherwise encumber and operate its properties, to lease the property it operates under lease, and to conduct its 

 15 

business as now, heretofore or proposed to be conducted, and (ii) except as could not, individually, or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, all licenses, permits, franchises, rights, powers, consents or approvals from or by all Persons or Governmental Authorities having jurisdiction over such Grantor that are necessary or appropriate for the conduct of its business. 3.2 Executive Offices, Registered Offices; Corporate or Other Names .(a) Each Grantor s name as it appears in official filings in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) the type of entity of each Grantor, (c) the organizational identification number issued by each Grantor s jurisdiction of incorporation or organization or a statement that no such number has been issued, (d) each Grantor s jurisdiction of organization or incorporation, and (e) the location of each Grantor s chief executive office, registered office and locations of Collateral when not in use by a customer of any Grantor are as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.2) and, except as set forth in such Disclosure Schedule, such locations have not changed during the preceding twelve (12) months. As of the Closing Date, during the prior five (5) years, except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.2) , no Grantor has been known as or conducted business in any other name (including trade names) than the name of such Grantor set forth on the signature page hereto. Borrower has only one jurisdiction of incorporation or organization.
 3.3 Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations . The execution, delivery and performance by each Grantor of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and the creation of all Liens provided for herein and therein: (a) are and will continue to be within such Grantor s power and authority; (b) have been and will continue to be duly authorized by all necessary or proper action; (c) are not and will not be in violation of any Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation of such Grantor; (d) do not and will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) upon any of the Collateral; and (e) do not and will not require the consent or approval of any Governmental Authority or any other Person, except any such consents or approvals that have been given or made and are in full force and effect. As of the Closing Date, each Loan Document shall have been duly executed and delivered on behalf of each Grantor party thereto, and each such Loan Document upon such execution and delivery shall be and will continue to be a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Grantor, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, and other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally.
 3.4 Financial Statements; Books and Records . 
 (a) The annual, quarterly and monthly Financial Statements of the Grantors delivered pursuant to Section 4.1 present fairly in all material respects the financial condition of such Grantors as of the date of each such Financial Statement in accordance with GAAP (subject to normal year-end adjustments and to the absence of footnotes in the case of unaudited statements). 
 (b) The Grantors shall keep proper books and records in which proper entries, reflecting all consolidated and consolidating financial transactions, will be made in accordance with GAAP and all Requirements of Law in all material respects of all financial transactions and the assets and business of each Grantor on a basis consistent with the Financial Statements.
 3.5 Material Adverse Change . Between December 31, 2019 and the Closing Date, no events with respect to any Grantor have occurred that alone or in the aggregate has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation of any Grantor has or has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Grantor is in default, and to such Grantor s knowledge no third party is in default, under or with respect to any of its Contractual Obligations, that alone or in the aggregate has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 3.6 Revolving Loan Documents; Subordinated Loan Documents . With respect to the Term Loans, (i) the Borrower is permitted to incur such Term Loans under the Revolving Loan Documents and Subordinated Loan Documents, (ii) the Agent s Liens on the Collateral securing the Term Loans are permitted under the Revolving Loan Documents and Subordinated Loan Documents, and (iii) the Borrower and each Credit Party are in compliance in all material respects with the Revolving Loan Documents, and Subordinated Loan Documents and no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing under such documents . As of the Third Amendment Effective Date, Agent has received true, correct and complete copies of the Revolving Loan Documents and the Subordinated Loan Documents. As of the Third Amendment Effective Date, None of the Revolving Loan Documents nor the 

 16 

Subordinated Loan Documents has been amended or supplemented, nor have any of the provisions thereof been waived, except pursuant to a written agreement or instrument which has heretofore been delivered to Agent. 3.7 Subsidiaries . Except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.7) , as of the Closing Date, no Credit Party has any Subsidiaries. The issued and outstanding Stock of each Credit Party (excluding all rights to purchase, options, warrants or similar rights or agreements pursuant to which any Credit Party may be required to issue, sell, repurchase or redeem any of its Stock) as of the Closing Date is accurately reflected in the organizational chart delivered pursuant to Section 3.29(c) and set forth in the Perfection Certificate or any supplement thereto (whichever was most recently delivered to Agent).
 3.8 Government Regulation; Margin Regulations . No Grantor is subject to or regulated under any federal, state, provincial or territorial statute, rule or regulation that restricts or limits such Person s ability to incur Indebtedness, pledge its assets, or to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents. The making of the Loan, the application of the proceeds and repayment thereof, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents do not and will not violate any Requirement of Law. No Grantor is engaged, nor will it engage, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security as such terms are defined in Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board as now and hereafter in effect (such securities being referred to herein as Margin Stock ). No Grantor owns any Margin Stock, and none of the proceeds of the Loan or other extensions of credit under this Agreement will be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock or reducing or retiring any Indebtedness that was originally incurred to purchase or carry any Margin Stock. No Grantor will take or permit to be taken any action that could reasonably be expected to cause any Loan Document to violate any regulation of the Federal Reserve Board.
 3.9 Taxes; Charges . Except as disclosed in Disclosure Schedule (3.9) , all tax returns, reports and statements required by any Governmental Authority to be filed by Borrower or any other Grantor have, as of the Closing Date, been filed and will, until the Termination Date, be filed with the appropriate Governmental Authority and, as of the Closing Date, no tax Lien has been filed against any Grantor or any Grantor s property. Borrower and each Grantor has paid all federal, state, provincial and other taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves are being maintained in accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Disclosure Schedule (3.9) sets forth as of the Closing Date those taxable years for which any Grantor s tax returns are currently being audited by the IRS or any other applicable Governmental Authority and any assessments or assessments threatened in writing in connection with such audit, or otherwise currently outstanding. As of the Closing Date, no Grantor has agreed or been requested to make any adjustment under Section 481(a) of the IRC (or the comparable provisions of the Income Tax Act (Canada) in respect of a Canadian Credit Party), by reason of a change in accounting method or otherwise, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 3.10 Payment of Obligations . Each Grantor will pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or before they become delinquent, as the case may be, all of its material Charges and other obligations of whatever nature, except where the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and reserves in conformity with GAAP with respect thereto have been provided on the books of such Grantor and, except as otherwise notified to Agent in writing, no material portion of the Collateral is or could reasonably be expected to become subject to any Lien or forfeiture or loss as a result of such contest. 
 3.11 ERISA and Canadian Pension Plans . 
 (a) No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other existing ERISA Events, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in Disclosure Schedule (3.11) , the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of the Grantors under each Plan (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent Financial Statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of such Plan by more than the Threshold Amount when aggregated with the potential Withdrawal Liability, and the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of all underfunded Plans (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial 

 17 

Account Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent Financial Statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of such underfunded Plans by more than the Threshold Amount when aggregated with the potential Withdrawal Liability. No Grantor or ERISA Affiliate has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any Withdrawal Liability in excess of the Threshold Amount. 
 (b) Each Grantor shall furnish to the Agent (x) as soon as possible after, and in any event within five (5) days after any Responsible Officer of any Credit Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates knows or has reason to know that, any ERISA Event has occurred that, alone or together with any other ERISA Event could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Credit Parties or any of their ERISA Affiliates in an aggregate amount exceeding the Threshold Amount or the imposition of a Lien, a statement of a Responsible Officer of such Credit Party or such ERISA Affiliate setting forth details as to such ERISA Event and the action, if any, that such Credit Party or such ERISA Affiliate proposes to take with respect thereto; (y) upon request by the Agent, copies of (i) each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) filed by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate with the IRS with respect to each Plan; (ii) the most recent actuarial valuation report for each Plan; (iii) all notices received by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan sponsor or any governmental agency concerning an ERISA Event; and (iv) such other documents or governmental reports or filings relating to any Plan (or employee benefit plan, as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, sponsored or contributed to by any Credit Party) as the Agent shall reasonably request and (z) promptly following any request therefor, copies of (i) any documents described in Section 101(k) of ERISA that any Credit Party or its ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan and (ii) any notices described in Section 101(1) of ERISA that any Credit Party or its ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan; provided , that if any Credit Party or its ERISA Affiliate has not requested such documents or notices from the administrator or sponsor of the applicable Multiemployer Plan, the applicable Credit Party or ERISA Affiliate shall promptly make a request for such documents or notices from such administrator or sponsor and shall provide copies of such documents and notices promptly after receipt thereof. 
 (c) No Grantor maintains or contributes to, or has in the past maintained or contributed to, a Canadian Pension Plan for its Canadian employees or former employees which contains a defined benefit provision, as defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada).
 3.12 Litigation . Except as specifically disclosed in Disclosure Schedule (3.12) , there are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending, or to the knowledge of each Credit Party, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, against any Credit Party or any of their respective Properties which:
 (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any other Transaction Document or any of the Transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; or
 (b) would reasonably be expected to result in equitable relief or monetary judgment(s), individually or in the aggregate, in excess of the Threshold Amount.
 Except as set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.12 ), no injunction, writ, temporary restraining order or any order of any nature has been issued by any court or other Governmental Authority purporting to enjoin or restrain the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or Transaction Document, or directing that the transactions provided for herein or therein not be consummated as herein or therein provided. As of the Closing Date, except with respect to matters set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.12) , no Credit Party or any Subsidiary of any Credit Party is the subject of an audit or, to each Credit Party s knowledge, any review or investigation by any Governmental Authority (excluding the IRS and other taxing authorities) concerning the violation or possible violation of any Requirement of Law. Each Grantor shall notify Agent promptly in writing upon having knowledge of the existence, threat or commencement of any Litigation described in subsections (a) and (b) above or any such audit, review or investigation. 3.13 Intellectual Property . The Grantors own, or are licensed to use, all such Intellectual Property material to its business as currently conducted, except for such Intellectual Property the failure of which to so own or be so 

 18 

licensed could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Grantor will take all necessary steps to preserve its ownership and licenses in such Intellectual Property as may be necessary or required to permit Agent to sell, transfer, rent, or use the Collateral upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default. To permit Agent to sell, transfer, rent, or use the Collateral upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, each Grantor hereby grants to Agent an irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide license (exercisable without payment of royalty or other compensation to such Grantor), including in such license the right to sublicense, use and practice any Intellectual Property now owned or hereafter acquired by such Grantor and access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all software and programs used for the compilation or printout thereof. As of the Closing Date, the Grantors own or are licensed to use the Intellectual Property as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.13) . Each Grantor shall maintain the patenting and registration of all Intellectual Property with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the United States Copyright Office, the Canadian Intellectual Property Office or other appropriate Governmental Authority other than with respect to such Intellectual Property that, in the reasonable judgment of such Grantor, is determined to be uneconomical, negligible or obsolete in the conduct of its business. In the event that any Grantor becomes aware that any Intellectual Property material to the conduct of its business has been or is about to be infringed, misappropriated or diluted by a third party in any material respect, such Grantor promptly shall notify the Agent and shall take such actions as are appropriate under the circumstances to protect such Intellectual Property, including, if consistent with good business judgment, promptly suing for infringement, misappropriation or dilution, and to recover any and all damages for such infringement, misappropriation or dilution. 3.14 Full Disclosure . No information contained in any Loan Document, the Financial Statements or any written statement (other than matters of a general economic nature) furnished by or on behalf of any Grantor under any Loan Document, or to induce Agent and the Lenders to execute the Loan Documents (as such information has been amended, supplemented or superseded by any other information later delivered to the same parties receiving such information, provided that the delivery of such amended, supplemented or superseding information shall not cure any Event of Default arising under Section 7.1(b) other than with respect to this Section 3.14 ), when taken as a whole, contains when furnished any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which they were made; provided, that with respect to projections and other forward-looking information, such Grantor represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by such Grantor to be reasonable at the time of preparation, it being understood that such projections may vary from actual results and that such variations may be material.
 3.15 Environmental Liabilities . Except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.15) , as of the Closing Date, (a) no Grantor is subject to any Environmental Liabilities or, to any Grantor s knowledge, potential Environmental Liabilities, that could reasonably be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate and (b) no notice has been received by any Grantor identifying it as a potentially responsible party or requesting information under CERCLA or analogous state statutes, and to the knowledge of any Grantor, there are no facts, circumstances or conditions that may result in any Grantor being identified as a potentially responsible party under CERCLA or analogous state statutes, in each such case if such circumstance could reasonably be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate. Each Grantor: (i) shall comply in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws and environmental permits, (ii) shall notify Agent in writing within seven (7) days if and when it becomes aware of any Release, on, at, in, under, above, to, from or about any real property owned, leased or occupied by a Grantor if such Release could reasonably be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate, (iii) shall notify Agent in writing within seven (7) days if and when it becomes aware of any claims that could reasonably be expected to form the basis for any Environmental Liabilities that could reasonably be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate, and (iv) shall notify Agent in writing within seven (7) days if and when it becomes aware of any occurrences of non-compliance with Environmental Laws or environmental permits, to the extent any such failure to comply could reasonably be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate. Without limiting the foregoing, if an Event of Default is continuing or if Agent at any time has a reasonable basis to believe that there exist violations of Environmental Laws by any Grantor or that there exist any Environmental Liabilities, in each case, that would have, in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, then each Grantor shall, promptly upon receipt of request from Agent, cause the performance of, and allow Agent access to such real property for the purpose of conducting, such environmental audits and assessments, including subsurface sampling of soil and 

 19 

groundwater, and cause the preparation of such reports, in each case as Agent may from time to time reasonably request. Such audits, assessments and reports, to the extent not conducted by Agent shall be conducted and prepared by reputable environmental consulting firms reasonably acceptable to Agent and shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Agent. Each Credit Party has made available to Agent copies of all existing environmental reports, reviews and audits and all documents prepared since January 1, 2010 pertaining to actual or potential Environmental Liabilities, in each case to the extent such reports, reviews, audits and documents are in their possession, custody, control or otherwise available to the Credit Parties. 3.16 Insurance . As of the Closing Date, Disclosure Schedule (3.16) lists all insurance of any nature maintained by Borrower with respect to the Collateral as well as all liability insurance maintained by the Grantors, as well as a summary of the terms of such insurance.
 (a) Coverage . Without limiting any of the other obligations or liabilities of the Grantors under this Agreement, the Grantors shall, during the term of this Agreement, carry and maintain, at its own expense, at least the minimum insurance coverage set forth in this Section 3.16 . All insurance carried pursuant to this Section 3.16 shall be placed with such insurers (that are not Affiliates of the Grantors (including without limitation any Captive Insurance Subsidiary)) having a minimum A.M. Best rating of A-:VIII (or as may be otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Agent), be in such amounts as are customarily carried or maintained by similarly situated entities engaged in similar businesses, and be in such form, with terms, conditions, limits and deductibles as shall be reasonably acceptable to Agent. The insurance required to be carried and maintained by Grantors hereunder shall, in all events, include, without limitation, the following:
 (i) All Risk Property Insurance . The Grantors shall maintain, all risk property insurance covering against physical loss or damage, including but not limited to fire and extended coverage, collapse, flood (if required), earth movement and comprehensive boiler and machinery coverage (including electrical malfunction and mechanical breakdown). Coverage shall be written on a replacement cost basis in an amount reasonably acceptable to Agent; and,
 (ii) Commercial General Liability Insurance . The Grantors shall maintain comprehensive general liability insurance written on an occurrence basis with a limit of not less than 1,000,000 per occurrence for bodily injury and/or property damage with an aggregate of 2,000,000. Such coverage shall include, but not be limited to, premises/operations, broad form contractual liability, products/completed operations, property damage and personal injury liability; and, 
 (iii) Excess/Umbrella Liability Insurance . The Grantors shall maintain excess and/or umbrella liability insurance written on an occurrence basis in an amount not less than 20,000,000 providing coverage limits excess of the insurance limits required under subsection (a)(ii) . Such insurance shall follow the form of the primary insurances and drop down in case of exhaustion of underlying limits and/or aggregates. 
 (b) Endorsements . The Grantors shall cause all insurance policies carried and maintained in accordance with this Section 3.16 to be endorsed as follows:
 (i) Agent, on behalf of Lenders, shall be named as lender s loss payee with respect to property policy described in subsection (a)(i) . Agent, on behalf of Lenders, shall be named as an additional insured with respect to liability policies described in subsections (a)(ii) and, to the extent allowed by applicable law, (a)(iii) . It shall be understood that any obligation imposed upon the Grantors, including but not limited to the obligation to pay premiums, shall be the sole obligation of the Grantors and not that of the Agent; and,
 (ii) With respect to the property policy described in subsection (a)(i) , the interests of the Agent shall not be invalidated by any action or inaction of any Grantor or any other Person, and shall insure the Agent regardless of any breach or violation by any Grantor or any other Person, of any warranties, declarations or conditions of such policies; and,
 
 20 

(iii) If such insurance is canceled for any reason whatsoever, including nonpayment of premium, or any changes are initiated by the Grantors or the carrier which adversely affect the interests of the Agent, such cancellation or change shall not be effective as to the Agent until thirty (30) days (or 10 days, in the case of a cancellation resulting from the non-payment of any insurance premiums) after receipt by Agent of written notice from such insurer.
 (c) Insurance Reporting . On the Closing Date, and at each policy renewal, but not less than annually, the Grantors shall provide to the Agent reasonable evidence that shall identify the underwriters, the type of insurance, the limits, deductibles, and term thereof and shall specifically list the special provisions delineated in section (b) above for such insurance required for this Section 3.16 . 
 (d) Reserved .
 (e) Notice to Agent . The Grantors shall notify the Agent immediately whenever any separate insurance concurrent in form or contributing in the event of loss with that required to be maintained under this Section 3.16 is taken out by any Credit Party; and promptly deliver to the Agent a copy of such policy or policies. 
 (f) Flood Insurance . With respect to each Mortgaged Property (if any) located in the United States, the Grantors shall obtain flood insurance in such total amount as the Agent or the Required Lenders may from time to time require, if at any time the area in which any improvements located on any Mortgaged Property is designated a flood hazard area in any Flood Insurance Rate Map published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency), and otherwise comply with the National Flood Insurance Program as set forth in the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, as amended from time to time and all legislation, and rules and regulations thereunder, administered by the relevant local conservation authority with respect to flood plain management and other conservation matters. 
 (g) Mortgaged Properties . No Credit Party that is an owner of any Mortgaged Property shall take any action that is reasonably likely to be the basis for termination, revocation or denial of any insurance coverage required to be maintained under such Credit Party s respective Mortgage or that could be the basis for a defense to any claim under any insurance policy maintained in respect of the mortgaged properties, and each Credit Party shall otherwise comply in all material respects with all Insurance Requirements in respect of the mortgaged properties; provided , however , that each Credit Party may, at its own expense and after written notice to the Agent, (i) contest the applicability or enforceability of any such Insurance Requirements by appropriate legal proceedings, the prosecution of which does not constitute a basis for cancellation or revocation of any insurance coverage required under this Section 3.16 or (ii) cause the insurance policy containing any such Insurance Requirement to be replaced by a new policy complying with the provisions of this Section 3.16 . 
 (h) Borrower shall direct all present and future insurers under its policies of insurance to pay all proceeds payable thereunder with respect to the Collateral directly to Agent for application, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, pursuant to Section 1.2(c) . If any insurance proceeds are paid by check, draft or other instrument payable to Borrower and Agent jointly, Agent may endorse Borrower s name thereon and do such other things as Agent may deem advisable to reduce the same to cash, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
 3.17 Solvency . Both before and after giving effect to (a) the Loan, the issuance of the Guarantees of the Obligations and the pledge of assets as security therefor by all of the Grantors, (b) the disbursement of the proceeds of the Loan pursuant to the instructions of the Borrower, and (c) the payment and accrual of all transaction costs in connection with the foregoing, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole are Solvent.
 3.18 Other Financings . Except as disclosed in Disclosure Schedule (3.18) attached hereto or as otherwise permitted under Section 5.1 , none of the Credit Parties has outstanding as of the Closing Date any Indebtedness.
 3.19 Conduct of Business . Each Grantor (a) shall conduct its business substantially as now conducted or as otherwise permitted hereunder, and (b) shall at all times maintain, preserve and protect all of the Collateral, except 

 21 

to the extent otherwise permitted under this Agreement and keep the same in good repair, working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty excepted, and make, or cause to be made, all necessary or appropriate repairs, replacements and improvements thereto consistent with manufacturer specifications and industry practices. 3.20 Further Assurances . At any time and from time to time, upon the written request of Agent and at the sole expense of the Grantors, the Grantors shall promptly and duly execute and deliver any and all such further instruments and documents and take such further action as Agent may reasonably deem necessary (a) to obtain the full benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (b) to protect, preserve and maintain Agent s rights in any Collateral and security interests or the equivalent under any foreign law, or (c) to enable Agent to exercise all or any of the rights and powers herein granted.
 3.21 Collateral/Maintenance of Property . 
 (a) Each Grantor holds and will continue to hold, subject to dispositions permitted under Section 5.3, 5.4, 5.5 or 5.7, good title to any of its property constituting the Collateral and none of such property is or will be subject to any Liens except Permitted Liens. 
 (b) Each Grantor shall (i) maintain and preserve in all material respects in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty excepted, the Collateral and all other of its property necessary in the conduct of its business, and such Collateral shall be maintained, in all material respects, in accordance with all manufacturer s suggested and recommended maintenance procedures, including preventive maintenance, (ii) (A) to the extent necessary to the conduct of its business, obtain, maintain and preserve in full force and effect any NRC License or NQAP License, and (B) obtain, maintain and preserve all material rights, permits, licenses, approvals and privileges (including all Permits) (other than a NRC License or NQAP License) necessary, used or useful, whether because of its ownership, lease, sublease or other operation or occupation of property or other conduct of its business, and shall make all necessary or appropriate filings with, and give all required notices to, Governmental Authorities, except where the failure to make such filings or give such notices could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (iii) maintain the Collateral in compliance in all material respects with all applicable statutes, laws, ordinances, regulations, standards, directives, orders, judgments and permits (including environmental) issued by any Governmental Authority, and (iv) promptly after request by Agent note or shall have noted Agent s Lien on all certificates of title (to the extent issued) of such Collateral, to the extent such Collateral is located in the United States or Canada and subject to motor vehicle registration requirements, provided that Agent shall not request such notation unless such Collateral has a fair market value in excess of 100,000 in the aggregate.
 (c) Collateral shall not be located in, in transit to or used by a customer, in any country, state, nation, or territory (i) listed on the Lists or otherwise under United States sanctions for conducting business or (ii) set forth on Schedule E hereto (as such Schedule E may be amended by written notice from time to time by Agent to Borrower on a prospective basis) (each a Restricted Location ). Upon an amendment to Schedule E pursuant to the forgoing sentence such that Collateral is located in a Restricted Location that was not located in a Restricted Location prior to such amendment, no Grantor shall extend or renew any rental agreements or enter into any new rental agreements which would cause the Collateral to be located in, in transit to or in use in a Restricted Location by a customer of such Grantor and such Grantor shall remove such Collateral from such Restricted Location within fifteen (15) days from the delivery of such notice or, if such Collateral is subject to a rental agreement with a customer of such Grantor at such time, fifteen (15) days from the end of the then current term of such rental agreement. When not in transit to or in use by a customer of any Grantor, the Collateral will primarily be located at the Chief Executive Office or a Rental Office. 
 (d) Real Property . The Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date contain a true and complete list of each interest in Real Property (i) owned by any Credit Party as of the Closing Date and describes the type of interest therein held by such Credit Party and whether such owned Real Property is leased and if leased whether the underlying lease contains any option to purchase all or any portion of such Real Property or any interest therein or contains any right of first refusal relating to any sale of such Real Property or any portion thereof or interest therein and (ii) leased, subleased or otherwise occupied or utilized by any Credit 

 22 

Party, as lessee, sublessee, franchisee or licensee, as of the Closing Date and describes the type of interest therein held by such Credit Party and, in each of the cases described in clauses (i) and (ii) of this Section 3.21(d) , whether any lease requires the consent of the landlord or tenant thereunder, or other party thereto, to the Transactions. 
 3.22 Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Compliance .
 (a) No Credit Party and, after making due inquiry, no Material Holder of Holdings or customer of a Credit Party, is (i) listed on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List (the SDN List maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), Department of the Treasury, and/or on any other similar list maintained under any Canadian AML/Sanction Laws or otherwise Other Lists and, collectively with the SDN List, the Lists maintained by the OFAC pursuant to any authorizing statute, Executive Order or regulation (collectively, OFAC Laws and Regulations or (ii) a Person (a Designated Person either (A) included within the term designated national as defined in the Cuban Assets Control Regulations, 31 C.F.R. Part 515, or (B) designated under Sections 1(a), 1(b), 1(c) or 1(d) of Executive Order No. 13224, 66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (published September 25, 2001) or similarly designated under any related enabling legislation or any other similar Executive Orders (collectively, the Executive Orders ). The OFAC Laws and Regulations, the Canadian AML/Sanction Laws and the Executive Orders are collectively referred to in this Agreement as the Anti-Terrorism Laws . Each of the Credit Parties represents and warrants that it requires, and has taken reasonable measures to ensure compliance with the requirement, that no Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries is or shall be listed on any of the Lists or is or shall be a Designated Person. This Section 3.22 shall not apply to any Person to the extent that such Person s interest in the Borrower is through a U.S. Publicly-Traded Entity. As used in this Agreement, U.S. Publicly-Traded Entity means a Person (other than an individual) whose securities are listed on a national securities exchange, or quoted on an automated quotation system, in the United States, or a wholly-owned subsidiary of such a Person.
 (b) Each Credit Party represents and warrants that it has taken reasonable measures appropriate to the circumstances (and in any event as required by law), with respect to each Material Holder of a direct or indirect interest in such Credit Party, to assure that funds invested by such Material Holders in the Credit Parties are derived from legal sources Anti-Money Laundering Measures ). The Anti-Money Laundering Measures have been undertaken in accordance with the Bank Secrecy Act, 31 U.S.C. 5311 et seq. BSA ), and all applicable laws, regulations and government guidance on BSA compliance and on the prevention and detection of money laundering violations under 18 U.S.C. 1956 and 1957 and the Canadian AML/Sanction Laws (collectively with the BSA, Anti-Money Laundering Laws ).
 (c) Each Credit Party represents and warrants to Agent and each Lender, to its actual knowledge after making due inquiry, that no such Credit Party or any Material Holder of a direct or indirect interest in such Credit Party (i) is under investigation by any Governmental Authority for, or has been charged with, or convicted of, money laundering under 18 U.S.C. 1956 and 1957, drug trafficking, terrorist-related activities or other money laundering predicate crimes, or any violation of the BSA or other Anti-Money Laundering Laws, (ii) has been assessed civil penalties under any Anti-Money Laundering Laws, or (iii) has had any of its funds seized or forfeited in an action under any Anti-Money Laundering Laws.
 (d) Each Credit Party represents and warrants to Agent and each Lender that it has taken reasonable measures appropriate to the circumstances (in any event as required by applicable law), to ensure that such Credit Party is in compliance with all applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws and laws, regulations and government guidance for the prevention of terrorism, terrorist financing and drug trafficking.
 (e) Each Credit Party and its respective directors, officers and employees and, to the knowledge of the applicable Credit Party, the agents of each Credit Party and their Subsidiaries, are in compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA and any other applicable anti-corruption law, including without limitation the UK Bribery Act, in all material respects. The Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries have instituted and maintained, and shall continue to maintain, policies and procedures designed to ensure continued compliance with the FCPA and any other applicable anti-corruption laws.

 23 

3.23 Reserved . 
 3.24 Reserved . 
 3.25 Landlord Agreements . Upon the request of Agent, each Grantor shall obtain a landlord or mortgagee waiver, as applicable, from the lessor of each leased property or mortgagee of any owned property with respect to each location where the Collateral and/or Books and Records are stored or located, which agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Agent.
 3.26 Deposit Accounts; Cash Collateral Accounts .
 Borrower and each Guarantor shall maintain a cash management system which is reasonably acceptable to Agent (the Cash Management System ), which shall operate as follows: (a) All Proceeds of Collateral held by Borrower or any other Credit Party (other than funds being collected pursuant to the provisions stated below) shall be deposited in one or more bank accounts or securities investment accounts, as set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.26) or other accounts in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent subject to the terms of this Agreement and the applicable Control Agreements. 
 (b) Borrower shall establish and maintain, and shall cause each Guarantor to establish and maintain, at its sole expense deposit accounts and lockboxes, which, on the Closing Date, shall consist of the accounts and related lockboxes maintained by the financial institutions as described on Disclosure Schedule (3.26) hereto (in each case (other than any Excluded Account), Blocked Accounts ), or with such other banks as are acceptable to Agent into which Borrower and Guarantors shall promptly deposit and direct their respective Account Debtors to directly remit all payments on Accounts and all payments constituting Proceeds of Collateral in the identical form in which such payments are made, whether by cash, check or other manner and shall be identified and segregated from all other funds of the Credit Parties. Within thirty (30) days following the Closing Date, Borrower and Guarantors shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Agent a Control Agreement duly authorized, executed and delivered by each bank where a Blocked Account for the benefit of Borrower or any Guarantor is maintained. The accounts of the Credit Parties with PNC Bank, National Association with account numbers as previously identified to Agent in writing with account numbers ending 0459, 1566, 1988, 1937, 2016, 1881 and 8686 (the Excluded ZBA Disbursement Accounts ), are, and shall remain at all times during the term of the Loan Agreement, zero balance disbursement accounts that receive no deposits and have no funds therein except momentarily when a charge or payment request is presented to the account and funds in the exact amount required to satisfy such charge or payment request are transferred to the account in order to immediately satisfy the applicable charge or payment request. The aggregate amount on deposit in the Excluded Canadian Accounts and the Specified Canadian Account (x) as of the Second Amendment Effective Date does not exceed 275,000, and (y) shall not exceed 275,000 at all times during the term of the Loan Agreement from the Second Amendment Effective Date until and including January 31, 2023. The Credit Parties shall close the Excluded Canadian Accounts on or prior to February 1, 2023 (or such later date as agreed to by Agent in its sole discretion). The aggregate amount on deposit in the Specified Canadian Account shall not exceed 50,000 at all times during the term of the Loan Agreement from and after February 1, 2023. The Credit Parties shall close the Specified Canadian Account on or prior to June 30, 2023 (or such later date as agreed to by Agent in its sole discretion). 
 (c) Term Loan Priority Collateral Account . Within thirty (30) days following the Closing Date, Borrower and Guarantors shall establish the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account, and deliver to the Agent an executed control agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Agent under which the Agent is the sole and exclusive controlling agent. Any Net Cash Proceeds of an Arbitration Recovery shall immediately upon receipt by a Credit Party be deposited in the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account and, unless applied as a Mandatory Prepayment in accordance with Section 1.2(h), remain on deposit in such Term Loan Priority Collateral Account, including (in respect of any prepayment that is declined by any of the Lenders under Section 1.2(i)) in the period (if any) from and after the time any of the Lenders decline a 
 24 

proposed prepayment of such Net Cash Proceeds subject, until an Activation Notice has been delivered to the applicable depository in respect of the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account, to the Borrower s right to use those Net Cash Proceeds in accordance with the Loan Documents. Credit Parties shall not deposit in the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account any monies or any other proceeds of Collateral that constitute Revolving Loan Priority Collateral (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement). Credit Parties shall not deposit Term Loan Priority Collateral (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement), or any proceeds thereof, in any account other than the Term Loan Priority Collateral Account. (d) Borrower shall further execute and deliver, and shall cause each Guarantor to execute and deliver, such agreements and documents as Agent may require in connection with such Blocked Accounts and such Control Agreements. Borrower and Guarantors shall not establish any deposit accounts after the Closing Date into which Proceeds of Collateral are deposited, unless Borrower or such Guarantor has complied in full with the provisions of this Section 3.26 with respect to such deposit accounts, other than Excluded Accounts. Borrower and each Guarantor agrees that from and after the delivery of an Activation Notice (as such term is defined in Section 3.26(e) below) all payments made to such Blocked Accounts or other funds received and collected by Agent or any Lender, whether in respect of the Accounts or as Proceeds of Collateral shall be treated as payments to Agent and the Lenders in respect of the Obligations and therefore shall constitute the property of Agent and the Lenders to the extent of the then outstanding applicable Obligations. (e) The applicable bank at which any Blocked Accounts are maintained shall agree from and after the receipt of a notice (an Activation Notice from Agent (which Activation Notice may, or upon instruction of the applicable Required Lenders, shall, be given by Agent at any time during an Event of Default) pursuant to the applicable Control Agreement, to forward, daily, all amounts in each Blocked Account to the account designated by Agent from time to time as a collection account (the Collection Account ). (f) From and after the delivery of an Activation Notice, Agent shall apply all such funds in the Collection Account on a daily basis to the repayment of the applicable Obligations in accordance with Section 7.4 . Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, after payment in full has been made of the amounts required under Section 7.4 , upon the applicable Credit Party s request and as long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, any additional funds deposited in the Collection Account shall be released to such Credit Party. (g) Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, Borrower, Guarantors and their directors, employees, agents and other Affiliates shall promptly deposit or cause the same to be deposited, any monies, checks, notes, drafts or any other payment relating to and/or Proceeds of Collateral which come into their possession or under their control in the applicable Blocked Accounts, or remit the same or cause the same to be remitted, in kind, to Agent. Borrower agrees to reimburse Agent on demand for any amounts owed or paid to any bank at which a Blocked Account is established or any other bank or person involved in the transfer of funds to or from the Blocked Accounts arising out of Agent s payments to or indemnification of such bank or person. 3.27 Reserved . 
 3.28 After-acquired Property; Additional Collateral . Each Grantor shall:
 (a) Subject to this Section 3.28 , with respect to any property acquired after the Closing Date by any Credit Party that is intended to be subject to the Lien created by any of the Loan Documents but is not so subject, promptly (and in any event within thirty (30) days after the acquisition thereof or such longer period as Agent may agree in its sole discretion) (i) execute and deliver to the Agent such other documents as the Agent shall deem necessary or advisable to grant to the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, a Lien on such property subject to no Liens other than Permitted Liens, and (ii) take all actions necessary to cause such Lien to be duly perfected to the extent required hereunder in accordance with all applicable Requirements of Law, including the filing of financing statements in such jurisdictions as may be reasonably requested by the Agent. The Borrower shall otherwise take such actions and execute and/or deliver to the Agent such documents as the Agent shall require to confirm the validity, perfection and priority of the Lien hereunder on such after-acquired properties. 

 25 

(b) As soon as possible after the formation of any new Subsidiary (including any Foreign Subsidiary) of a Credit Party (and in any event within the earlier of (x) thirty (30) days (or such longer period as Agent may agree in its sole discretion) after formation or (y) the date on which such Subsidiary owns any material assets ), or simultaneously with the consummation of acquisition of any new Subsidiary of a Credit Party, (i) deliver to the Agent the original certificates, if any, representing all of the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary, together with undated stock powers or other appropriate instruments of transfer executed and delivered in blank by a duly authorized officer of the holder(s) of such Equity Interests, and all intercompany notes owing from such Subsidiary to any Credit Party together with instruments of transfer executed and delivered in blank by a duly authorized officer of such Credit Party and (ii) cause such new Subsidiary (A) to execute a Joinder Agreement in the form of Exhibit H or such comparable documentation to become a Grantor and Guarantor under this Agreement, and (B) to take all actions necessary or advisable in the reasonable opinion of the Agent to cause the Lien created hereunder to be duly perfected to the extent required by such agreement in accordance with all applicable Requirements of Law (including any applicable foreign laws), including the execution by Borrower or the applicable Credit Party of a Joinder Agreement in the form of Exhibit H or such comparable documentation to the applicable Pledge Agreement and the filing of financing statements (or foreign equivalents) in such jurisdictions as may be reasonably requested by the Agent and to the extent such new Subsidiary owns Collateral subject to motor vehicle registration requirements which is located in the United States or Canada and Agent has requested the following notation provided that Agent shall not request such notation unless such Collateral has a fair market value in excess of 100,000 in the aggregate ), the noting or (having noted) of the Agent s Lien on all certificates of title (to the extent issued) of such Collateral, which when aggregated with all such Collateral owned by a Credit Party, exceeds a fair market value of 100,000 in the aggregate (except where such notation is not permitted under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction); provided, however, no Captive Insurance Subsidiary shall be required to join this Agreement as a Credit Party or become jointly and severally liable for the Obligations if Holdings delivers evidence to Agent in form and substance acceptable to Agent that such Captive Insurance Subsidiary is prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law from incurring contingent liabilities arising under this Agreement or a Guaranty in its capacity as a guarantor . 
 (c) Promptly grant to the Agent, within thirty (30) days of the acquisition thereof, a security interest in and Mortgage on each Material Real Property owned in fee by such Credit Party as is acquired by such Credit Party after the Closing Date as additional security for the Obligations (unless the subject property is already mortgaged to a third party to the extent permitted by Section 5.2 ). Such Mortgages shall be granted pursuant to documentation reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Agent and shall constitute valid and enforceable perfected Liens subject only to Permitted Liens or other Liens acceptable to the Agent. The Mortgages or instruments related thereto shall be duly recorded or filed in such manner and in such places as are required by applicable law to establish, perfect, preserve and protect the Liens in favor of the Agent required to be granted pursuant to the Mortgages and all taxes, fees and other charges payable in connection therewith shall be paid in full. Such Credit Party shall otherwise take such actions and execute and/or deliver to the Agent such documents as the Agent shall require to confirm the validity, perfection and priority of the Lien of any existing Mortgage or new Mortgage against such after-acquired Material Real Property (including a Title Policy, a survey and local counsel opinion (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent) in respect of such Mortgage). 
 3.29 Equity Interests and Subsidiaries . 
 (a) Equity Interests . The Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date set forth a list of (i) all the Subsidiaries of Borrower and the other Credit Parties and their jurisdictions of organization as of the Closing Date and (ii) the number of each class of its Equity Interests authorized, and the number outstanding, on the Closing Date and the number of shares covered by all outstanding options, warrants, rights of conversion or purchase and similar rights at the Closing Date. All Equity Interests of each Credit Party are duly and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable, and, other than the Equity Interests of Holdings, are owned by Holdings, directly or indirectly through Wholly Owned Subsidiaries. Each Credit Party is the record and beneficial owner of, and has good and marketable title to, the Equity Interests pledged by it hereunder, free of any and all Liens, rights or claims of other persons, except the security interest created by the Loan Documents, the Revolving Loan Documents and, in respect of any Canadian 

 26 

Credit Party, Liens for Priority Payables, and there are no outstanding warrants, options or other rights to purchase, or shareholder, voting trust or similar agreements outstanding with respect to, or property that is convertible into, or that requires the issuance or sale of, any such Equity Interests. 
 (b) No Consent of Third Parties Required . Other than the approval of the Board of Directors of the issuer of the Equity Interests, no consent of any Person including any other general or limited partner, any other member of a limited liability company, any other shareholder or any other trust beneficiary is necessary or reasonably desirable (from the perspective of a secured party) in connection with the creation, perfection or priority status of the security interest of the Agent in any Equity Interests pledged to the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders hereunder or the exercise by the Agent of the voting or other rights provided for hereunder or the exercise of remedies in respect thereof. 
 (c) Organizational Chart . The Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date or any supplement thereto (whichever was most recently delivered to Agent) sets forth an accurate organizational chart, showing the Subsidiaries and joint ventures in which Holdings holds a direct or indirect interest along with any other Person in which Holdings, such Subsidiaries or joint ventures holds, directly or indirectly, any Equity Interests. 
 3.30 Security Documents . 
 (a) Mortgages . Each Mortgage will upon execution and delivery thereof be effective to create, in favor of the Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, legal, valid and enforceable first priority Liens on, and security interests in, all of the Credit Parties right, title and interest in and to the mortgaged properties thereunder and the proceeds thereof, subject only to Permitted Liens or other Liens acceptable to the Agent, and when such Mortgages are filed in the offices specified in the Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of any Mortgage executed and delivered after the date thereof in accordance with the provisions of Sections 3.20 and 3.28 , when such Mortgage is filed in the offices specified in the local counsel opinion delivered with respect thereto in accordance with the provisions of Sections 3.20 and 3.28 ), such Mortgages shall constitute fully perfected Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the Credit Parties in the mortgaged properties thereunder and the proceeds thereof, in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person, other than Liens permitted by such Mortgage. 
 (b) Valid Liens . Each Loan Document purporting to include a grant of a security interest or Lien by a Credit Party in favor of Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, including any such document delivered pursuant to Sections 3.20 and 3.28 will, upon execution and delivery thereof, be effective to create in favor of the Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, legal, valid and enforceable Liens on, and security interests in, all of the Credit Parties right, title and interest in and to the Collateral thereunder, and (i) when all appropriate filings or recordings are made in the appropriate offices as may be required under applicable law and (ii) upon the taking of possession or control by the Agent of such Collateral with respect to which a security interest may be perfected only by possession or control (which possession or control shall be given to the Agent to the extent required hereunder), such Liens will constitute fully perfected Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the Credit Parties in such Collateral, in each case subject to no Liens other than the applicable Permitted Liens. 
 3.31 Borrowing Base-Related Reports . Borrower shall deliver or cause to be delivered (at the expense of Borrower) to the Agent the following: 
 (a) All reports required to be delivered to the Revolving Agent, in accordance with the terms of the Revolving Loan Agreement, including, without limitation, the Borrowing Base Certificate, contemporaneously with the delivery of any such report to the Revolving Agent; and 
 (b) such other reports, statements and reconciliations with respect to the Formula Amount or Collateral of any or all Credit Parties as the Agent shall from time to time request in its reasonable credit judgment. 
 
 27 

The delivery of each certificate, report or any other information delivered pursuant to this Section 3.31 shall constitute a representation and warranty by Borrower that the statements and information contained therein are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the respective dates of such certificates, reports or other information. 3.32 Government Contracts . Except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.32) , as of the Closing Date, no Credit Party is a party to any contract or agreement with any Governmental Authority and no Credit Party s Collateral is subject to the Federal Assignment of Claims Act (31 U.S.C. Section 3727) or any similar state or local law. 
 3.33 Customer and Trade Relations . As of the Closing Date, there exists no actual or, to the knowledge of any Credit Party, threatened termination or cancellation of, or any material adverse modification or change in (a) the business relationship of any Credit Party with any customer or group of customers whose purchases during the preceding twelve (12) calendar months caused them to be ranked among the ten (10) largest customers of such Credit Party or (b) the business relationship of any Credit Party with any supplier essential to its operations. 
 3.34 Bonding; Licenses . Except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.34) , as of the Closing Date, no Credit Party is a party to or bound by any surety bond agreement, indemnification agreement therefor or bonding requirement with respect to products or services sold by it.
 3.35 Affiliate Transactions . No Credit Party is party to any transaction with any Affiliate of the Borrower or of any Subsidiary of the Borrower, except those permitted by Section 5.7 hereof and those set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.35) . 
 3.36 Post-Closing Matters . The Credit Parties shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Agent, or take, or cause to be taken, the documents, deliverables, actions or efforts set forth below, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, as promptly as practicable following the Closing Date, but in any event no later than the dates referred to below with respect to each such item (or, in each case, such later date as Agent shall agree in its sole discretion):
 (a) On and after the Closing Date, the Credit Parties shall (i) continue to use commercially reasonable efforts to complete the dissolution of Braden Holdings LLC Braden Holdings and Braden Manufacturing, S.A. de C.V. (Mexico) Braden Mexico , and together with Braden Holdings, collectively, the Braden Entities ), (ii) prior to or concurrently with any dissolution of any of the Braden Entities, transfer any assets of the Braden Entities to the Credit Parties, and (iii) within three (3) Business Days of dissolution of the Braden Entities provide evidence to Agent that Braden and Braden Mexico have been dissolved; and (b) Within thirty (30) days following the Closing Date, with respect to any Blocked Account maintained by the Credit Parties, the Credit Parties shall deliver to Agent fully executed Control Agreements for each such Blocked Account; (c) Within thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, Agent shall have received the following insurance endorsements: (i) Lender Loss Payee Endorsement to the property policy ITD100065033720; (ii) Notice of Cancellation Endorsement to the property policy ITD100065033720; (iii) Additional Insured Endorsement to the liability policy 1000090435201; and (iv) Notice of Cancellation Endorsement to the liability policy 1000090435201; (d) Within ninety (90) days following the Closing Date, the Credit Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide to Agent a landlord waiver or similar collateral access agreement with respect to the following locations: (a) 100 Crescent Centre Parkway, Suite 1240, Tucker, Dekalb County, Georgia 30084; 
 (b) 2775 Northwoods Pkwy , Norcross, GA 30071;
 (c) 591 Pickettville Road, Jacksonville, Duval County, FL 32220;
 (d) 2832 Center Street, Deer Park, Harris County, TX 77536;
 (e) 101 Industrial Park Blvd, Unit 2, Hitchcock, Galveston County, TX 77563;
 (f) 18-33 42nd Street, Astoria, Queens, County, New York 11105;
 (g) 2543 Ross Clark Circle, Suite #2 Dothan, Houston County, AL 3630;
 (h) 281 Goderich Street, Unit 3, Port Elgin, Bruce County, ON N0H2C1; and
 (i) 625 Goderich Street, Units 1 and 5, Port Elgin, Bruce County, ON N0H2C1;

 28 

(e) Within ninety (90) days following the Closing Date, the Credit Parties shall deliver to the Agent a filed UCC termination statement evidencing the termination of the UCC financing statement that evidenced the WSS New York tax Lien. 3.37 Investment Company Act . No Credit Party is an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company, as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 3.38 Notice of Change in Investment Company Status . The Borrower shall provide Agent with prompt written notice of any change with respect to its representation in Section 3.37 above, but in no event later than fifteen (15) days following any such change.
 3.39 Braden Entities . The Braden Entities do not hold any material assets and do not engage in material business activities. Each Credit Party agrees that it shall not transfer, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and controlled Affiliates not to transfer, any assets to any Braden Entity other than such amount of cash (which in no event shall exceed 25,000 after the Second Amendment Effective Date without the prior written consent of Agent) to pay taxes, penalties and legal fees and expenses as is necessary or required to complete the dissolution of Braden Mexico. Braden Holdings is a holding company and does not engage in any operations or business, other than (a) the ownership of 99.998 of the outstanding Equity Interests in Braden Mexico, (b) maintaining its corporate existence pending its dissolution pursuant to Section 3.36, and (c) liabilities, assets, operations and business incidental to the foregoing.
 3.40 Capital Provision Agreement . The Borrower has prior to the Closing Date delivered to the Agent a true, correct and complete copy of the Capital Provision Agreement, including all amendments, modifications and/or supplements thereto, as of the date of delivery to Agent. The Capital Provision Agreement remains in full force and effect on the Closing Date and there have been no amendments, modifications and/or supplements thereto since the date delivered to the Agent.
 4. FINANCIAL MATTERS; REPORTS 
 4.1 Reports and Notices .
 The Credit Parties shall furnish to the Agent and each Lender: (a) Monthly Reports . Within thirty (30) days after the last day of each Fiscal Month of the Credit Parties, the balance sheets of the Credit Parties on a consolidated and consolidating basis as at the end of such Fiscal Month and as of the end of the preceding Fiscal Year, and the related statements of operations, the related statements of profits and losses and related statements of cash flows of the Credit Parties on a consolidated basis for such Fiscal Month and for the elapsed portion of the Fiscal Year ended with the last day of such Fiscal Month, which shall set forth in comparative form such figures as at the end of and for such Fiscal Month and appropriate prior period and shall be certified by the Chief Financial Officer of the Borrower to have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and to present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the Credit Parties on a consolidated basis as at the end of such period and the results of operations for such period, and for the elapsed portion of the Fiscal Year ended with the last day of such period, subject only to normal year-end and audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; 
 (b) Quarterly Reports . Within forty-five (45) days after the last day of each of the Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year of the Credit Parties, the balance sheets of the Credit Parties on a consolidated and consolidating basis as at the end of such Fiscal Quarters and as of the end of the preceding Fiscal Year, and the related statements of operations, the related statements of profits and losses and the related statements of cash flows of the Credit Parties on a consolidated basis for such Fiscal Quarters and for the elapsed portion of the Fiscal Year ended with the last day of such Fiscal Quarters, which shall set forth in comparative form such figures as at the end of and for such Fiscal Quarters and appropriate prior period and shall be certified by the Chief Financial Officer of the Borrower to have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and to present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the Credit Parties on a consolidated basis as at the end of such period and the results of operations for such period, and for the 

 29 

elapsed portion of the Fiscal Year ended with the last day of such period, subject only to normal year-end and audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; 
 (c) Annual Reports . Within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Credit Parties, the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Credit Parties as of the end of such Fiscal Year and the related audited consolidated statements of operations for such Fiscal Year and for the previous Fiscal Year, the related audited consolidated statements of profits and losses and the related audited consolidated statements of cash flows and stockholders equity for such Fiscal Year and for the previous Fiscal Year, which shall be accompanied by an opinion, without a going concern or similar qualification or an exception as to scope, prepared by an independent certified public accountant of recognized national standing reasonably acceptable to Agent (Moss Adams LLP shall be acceptable), together with a statement of such accountants that in connection with their audit, nothing came to their attention that caused them to believe that the Borrower or any other Credit Party was not in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 4.2 below insofar as they relate to accounting matters;
 (d) Financial Officer s Certificate . At the time the financial statements are furnished pursuant to Sections 4.1(a) , 4.1(b) and 4.1(c) , a Compliance Certificate in the form attached as Exhibit E executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as to the financial performance of the Credit Parties; provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that, except as otherwise expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, a certification regarding the Credit Parties compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 4.2 shall only be required to be included with the Compliance Certificates delivered for the applicable dates under such Section 4.2 in connection with the quarterly financial statements under Section 4.1(b) and the annual financial statements under Section 4.1(c) and not the monthly financial statements delivered under Section 4.1(a) ;
 (e) Teleconferences with Credit Parties; Financial Advisor Teleconference and Information. Commencing in January 2023, the Borrower shall host teleconferences and/or virtual conferences with the Agent and Lenders, and Borrower shall cause members of the Borrower s management team to participate in such teleconferences and/or virtual conferences, on at least a monthly basis on such dates and at such times as reasonably agreed between the Borrower and the Agent or on such other dates and times as reasonably requested by Agent, the purpose of which conferences shall be for the Borrower and Agent and Lenders to discuss the Credit Parties business and financial performance.
 (f) Cashflow Report . Borrower shall deliver to Agent and the Lenders (i) on the last Business Day of each calendar week following the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, a 13-week cash flow forecast for the Credit Parties on a weekly basis in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent (provided that, the first three (3) weeks of each such forecast shall set forth daily cash flow forecasts), on or prior to the last Business Day of each week, such forecasts to be accompanied by a certificate signed by an authorized officer of Borrower, in such Person s capacity as such, to the effect that such forecast has been prepared in good faith consistent with past financial statements of the Credit Parties and based on assumptions believed by such Person to be reasonable as of such date and (ii) such other information as may reasonably be requested by the Agent and the Lenders in connection therewith;
 (g) Responsible Officer s Certificate Regarding Collateral . Concurrently with any delivery of Financial Statements under Section 4.1(a) , a certificate of a Responsible Officer setting forth the information in the Perfection Certificate as of the date of such Financial Statements or confirming that there has been no change in such information since the date of the Perfection Certificate or the latest supplement thereto, as applicable; 
 (h) Public Reports . Promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by any Credit Party with any provincial securities commission or the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of said commissions, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed to shareholders or holders of its Indebtedness in excess of the Threshold Amount pursuant to the terms of the documentation governing such Indebtedness (or any trustee, agent or other representative therefor), as the case may be; 

 30 

(i) Management Letters . Promptly after the receipt thereof by any Credit Party, a copy of any management letter received by any such Person from its independent chartered accountants and the management s responses thereto; 
 (j) Budgets . Promptly (and in any event within 3 Business Days) after approval by the Board of Directors of the Borrower (but no later than forty-five (45) days after the beginning of each Fiscal Year), a consolidated budget for Borrower in form reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, but to include balance sheets, statements of income, sources and uses of cash, a budget of projected Capital Expenditures, and projected Borrowing Availability on a consolidated basis, for (i) each month of such Fiscal Year prepared in detail and (ii) each Fiscal Year thereafter, through and including the Fiscal Year in which the Termination Date occurs, prepared in summary form, in each case, with appropriate presentation and discussion of the principal assumptions upon which such budgets are based, accompanied by the statement of a Financial Officer of Borrower to the effect that each budget has been prepared in good faith and based on assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable and, promptly when available, any significant revisions of such budget; 
 (k) Organization . Concurrently with any delivery of Financial Statements under Section 4.1(a) , an accurate organizational chart as required by Section 3.29(c) , or confirmation that there are no changes to the Credit Parties organizational structure set forth in the Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date or any supplement thereto (whichever was most recently delivered to Agent); 
 (l) Organizational Documents . Promptly provide copies of any Organizational Documents that have been amended or modified in accordance with the terms hereof and deliver a copy of any notice of default given or received by any Credit Party under any Organizational Document within fifteen (15) days after such Credit Party gives or receives such notice; 
 (m) Appraisals . At any time after the occurrence of a Default, promptly upon the request of the Agent, an appraisal report performed at the expense of Borrower by a nationally recognized appraiser satisfactory to Agent, setting forth in reasonable detail the orderly liquidation value of the Collateral; and
 (n) Other Information . Promptly, from time to time, such other reports and information regarding the Collateral, operations, business affairs, financial condition, prospects or management of any Credit Party, or compliance with the terms of any Loan Document, as the Agent or any Lender may reasonably request, all in reasonable detail. 
 (o) Engagement of Consultant . Following the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the Credit Parties shall continue to engage, at their own expense, the services of G2 Capital Advisors LLC (or such other third-party consultant reasonably acceptable to Agent) (the Consultant for the purpose of (i) participating in preparation and delivery of the cashflow forecasts delivered in accordance with Section 4.1(f) , (ii) assisting with the monitoring of vendor payments, and (iii) participating in preparation and delivery of certain reporting to Agent and Lenders, including, without limitation, participating in the preparation and delivery of Compliance Certificates. Each of the Credit Parties expressly authorizes the Consultant to consult with the Agent and Lenders and to share with Agent and Lenders all records, projections, financial information, reports and other information prepared by or in the possession of the Consultant relating to the Collateral, or the financial condition or operations of the business of the Credit Parties and to respond fully to any reasonable inquiries of the Agent or any Lender regarding the assets, prospects, business and operations of the Credit Parties and communicate and fully cooperate with Agent and the Lenders; provided, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 4.1(o) , Consultant shall not be required to disclose such other information where such disclosure of such other information would, in Holdings reasonable judgment upon the advice of counsel, (1) jeopardize the attorney-client privilege or other immunity or protection from disclosure available to Holdings under applicable law, (2) conflict with the non-disclosure requirements, if any, contained in any bona fide contract with a third-party to which either Consultant (in its capacity as a consultant to Holdings) or Holdings is party or is bound, or (3) constitute the disclosure of materials or work product generated by Consultant or others specifically for review by the Board of Directors of Holdings and where the disclosure 

 31 

of such other information could reasonably be regarded as a poor corporate governance practice or could be reasonably likely to jeopardize the ability of the Board of Directors of Holdings to discharge its fiduciary obligations to Holdings and its stockholders; provided, further, that in the case of each of the preceding clauses (1), (2) and (3), the Consultant shall promptly inform the Agent of the general nature of the information being withheld and provide such information, in whole or in part, in a manner that would not result in the outcome described in the foregoing clause (1), (2) or (3), as applicable.
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 3.31 , 4.1(a) , (b) , (c) , (d) or (g) , may be delivered electronically to the Agent and Lenders and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date the Borrower delivers such documents to the Agent and Lenders by electronic mail; provided, that upon written request, Borrower shall deliver paper copies to the Agent and Lenders until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Agent to the Borrower. 4.2 Financial Covenants .
 (a) Maximum Total Leverage Ratio . Beginning with the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31, 2021, the Credit Parties shall not permit the Total Leverage Ratio, as of the last day of any Fiscal Quarter ending during any period set forth below, to exceed the ratio set forth opposite such period in the table below:
 Test Period Ending Leverage Ratio March 31, 2021 June 30, 2021 4.00 to 1.00 September 30, 2021 March 31, 2022 3.75 to 1.00 June 30, 2022 4.50 to 1.00 September 30, 2022 6.50 to 1.00 December 31, 2022 June 30, 2023 4.25 to 1.00 September 30, 2023 6.25 to 1.00 December 31, 2023 5.50 to 1.00 March 31, 2024 5.25 to 1.00 June 30, 2024 3.25 to 1.00 As of the last day of each Fiscal Quarter thereafter 3.00 to 1.00 
 ; provided that for purposes of calculating the Total Leverage Ratio hereunder, the Consolidated EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2020 and September 30, 2020 shall be deemed to be 4,988,638 and 4,053,202, respectively. (b) Limitation on Capital Expenditures . The Credit Parties shall not make or commit to make, and shall not cause or permit their Subsidiaries to make or commit to make, Capital Expenditures (other than any Capital Expenditures financed by the incurrence of Indebtedness permitted under this Agreement) made in any Fiscal Year, to exceed 800,000; provided , however, that (x) if the aggregate amount of Capital Expenditures made in any Fiscal Year shall be less than the maximum amount of Capital Expenditures permitted under this Section 4.2(b) for such Fiscal Year (before giving effect to any carryover), then an amount of such shortfall not exceeding fifty percent (50 of such maximum amount may be added to the amount of Capital Expenditures permitted under this Section 4.2(b) for the immediately succeeding (but not any other) Fiscal Year and (y) in determining whether any amount is available for carryover, the amount expended in any Fiscal Year shall first be deemed to be from the amount allocated to such Fiscal Year (before giving effect to any carryover).
 
 32 

(c) Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio . Beginning with the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31, 2021, as of the last day of each Fiscal Quarter, the Borrower shall not permit the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the trailing period of twelve (12) Fiscal Months then ended to be less than the applicable ratio set forth below opposite such period: 
 Period Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio March 31, 2023 June 30, 2023 1.25 to 1.00 September 30, 2023 1.10 As of the last day of each Fiscal Quarter thereafter 1.25 to 1.00 
 ; provided that for purposes of calculating the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio hereunder, the Consolidated EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2020 and September 30, 2020 shall be deemed to be 4,988,638 and 4,053,202, respectively. (d) Minimum EBITDA . Holdings and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) shall not permit EBITDA for the twelve fiscal month period (or such shorter period commencing on January 1, 2023) ending on the last day of any date set forth below to be less than the minimum amount set forth in the table below opposite such date:
 Testing Period Minimum EBITDA 1 month ended February 5, 2023 Negative 162,000 2 months ended March 5, 2023 177,000 3 months ended April 2, 2023 818,000 4 months ended May 7, 2023 1,237,000 5 months ended June 4, 2023 2,218,000 6 months ended July 2, 2023 3,261,000 7 months ended August 6, 2023 4,166,000 8 months ended September 3, 2023 5,348,000 9 months ended October 1, 2023 6,495,000 10 months ended November 5, 2023 7,270,000 11 months ended December 3, 2023 7,622,000 12 months ended December 31, 2023 7,882,000 
 (e) Minimum Liquidity . Beginning with April 19, 2023, Credit Parties shall not permit Liquidity as of the close of business on Wednesday of each week during such period to be less than the minimum amount set forth in the table below opposite such period and shall deliver to the Agent a Compliance Certificate executed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower by the close of business on Friday of each week setting forth the calculations of Liquidity for such period: 
 Period Liquidity April 19, 2023 May 2, 2023 1,000,000 May 3, 2023 June 6, 2023 2,500,000 June 7, 2023 and with respect to each week thereafter 4,000,000 
 4.3 Other Reports and Information . The Grantors shall advise Agent in reasonable detail promptly after becoming aware of: (a) any Lien, other than Permitted Liens, attaching to or asserted against any material portion of the Collateral or any occurrence causing a material loss or decline in value of any Collateral and the estimated (or actual, if available) amount of such loss or decline; (b) any material change in the composition of the Collateral; and (c) the occurrence of any Default or other event that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

 33 

4.4 Revolving Loan Agreement Notices; Subordinated Loan Documents Notices . 
 (a) The Credit Parties shall provide to Agent (i) simultaneously with its delivery to the Revolving Agent, any material notices required to be delivered pursuant to the Revolving Loan Agreement, (ii) promptly, but no later than three (3) Business Days after receipt thereof, any notice from the Revolving Agent or any lender under the Revolving Loan Agreement that a default or event of default has occurred under the Revolving Loan Agreement and (iii) at least ten (10) Business Days prior notice of any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification under or with respect to the Revolving Loan Documents, and a fully executed copy thereof promptly after its execution.
 (b) To the extent that any Revolving Loan Document has been amended to change any existing financial covenants therein or any section or other provision thereof is amended to include any additional financial covenants or there has been any modification or addition of any event of default or modification of any condition to an event of default or addition or modification of any covenant in a manner adverse or more restrictive to any Credit Party in any Revolving Loan Document, the Credit Parties shall, at the request of Agent, execute and deliver to Agent such amendments, modifications or related documents as Agent may reasonably request to incorporate such amendments into the Loan Documents (subject to the limitations set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement).
 (c) The Credit Parties shall provide to Agent (i) simultaneously with its delivery to any Subordinated Creditor, any material notices required to be delivered by any Credit Party to a Subordinated Creditor pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Documents, (ii) promptly, but no later than three (3) Business Days after receipt thereof, any notice from a Subordinated Creditor that a default or event of default has occurred under any of the Subordinated Notes, and (iii) at least ten (10) Business Days prior notice of any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification under or with respect to the Subordinated Loan Documents, and a fully executed copy thereof promptly after its execution.
 (d) To the extent that any Subordinated Loan Document has been amended to change any existing financial covenants therein or any section or other provision thereof is amended to include any additional financial covenants or there has been any modification or addition of any event of default or modification of any condition to an event of default or addition or modification of any covenant in a manner adverse or more restrictive to any Credit Party in any Subordinated Loan Document, the Credit Parties shall, at the request of Agent, execute and deliver to Agent such amendments, modifications or related documents as Agent may reasonably request to incorporate such amendments into the Loan Documents.
 4.5 Additional Delivery Requirements . The Credit Parties shall continue to engage Greenhill Co., LLC Greenhill to diligently and in good faith actively pursue its publicly announced review of strategic alternatives, including the potential sale of Borrower s Equity Interests or all or substantially all of its assets and, subject to the exercise by the Board of Directors of Holdings of its fiduciary obligations under applicable law, use commercially reasonable best efforts to take the steps and actions set forth in that certain Timeline prepared by the Borrower and Greenhill (and delivered to the Agent and the Lenders on February 21, 2023) on or before the dates set forth in such timeline (or such later date as the Agent may agree in its sole discretion in writing). This Section 4.5 shall not be an implied consent to any such sale otherwise prohibited by the terms of this Agreement .
 5. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 Borrower and each Credit Party executing this Agreement covenants and agrees (for itself and each other Credit Party) that, without Agent s prior written consent, from the Closing Date until the Termination Date, neither Borrower nor any other Credit Party shall, directly or indirectly: 5.1 Indebtedness . Create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except: (a) the Obligations, (b) Indebtedness existing as of the Closing Date set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.18) , (c) by endorsement of instruments or items of payment for deposit to the general account of such Credit Party, (d) for Guaranteed Indebtedness incurred for the benefit of any Credit Party if the primary obligation is permitted by this Agreement, (e) reserved, (f) Indebtedness outstanding under the Revolving Loan Agreement in an aggregate amount not exceeding the Maximum Priority Revolving Loan Debt, (g) the Permitted Koontz-Wagner Pension Plan Obligations, 

 34 

(h) Indebtedness with respect to (i) Capital Lease Obligations existing as the Closing Date set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.18) and (ii) additional Capital Lease Obligations and Purchase Money Obligations in an aggregate amount outstanding at any time not to exceed 250,000; provided, that any such Capital Lease Obligations and Purchase Money Obligations under this clause (h) shall be secured only by the asset subject to such additional Capital Lease Obligation or the acquired asset in connection with the incurrence of such Capital Lease Obligation or Purchase Money Obligation, as the case may be, any insurance thereon and proceeds thereof, (i) Indebtedness in respect of Hedging Obligations, provided , that , such Hedging Obligations are (or were) entered into by a Credit Party in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating risks associated with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets, or property held or reasonably anticipated by such Credit Party, or changes in the value of securities issued by such Credit Party, and not for purposes of speculation or taking a market view , (j) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees and banker s acceptances in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business, and reimbursement of obligations in respect of any of the foregoing, in all cases to the extent permitted under the Revolving Loan Documents, (k) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business under surety bonds, performance bonds, completion guarantees, appeal bonds, bid bonds and similar obligations and reimbursement and indemnification obligations in respect of any of the foregoing, (l) Indebtedness in respect of workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement-type obligations regarding workers compensation claims, (m) unsecured Indebtedness (other than for borrowed money) that may be deemed to exist pursuant to any bona fide warranty or contractual service obligations or performance in the ordinary course of business, (n) Indebtedness of any Credit Party (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) owing to any other Credit Party (other than Inactive Subsidiaries); provided that in each case, all such Indebtedness shall be (i) evidenced by promissory notes and all such notes shall be subject to a first priority Lien pursuant to this Agreement and (ii) unsecured and subordinated in right of payment in full of the Obligations pursuant to the terms of the applicable promissory notes or an intercompany subordination agreement with terms reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, (o) the Existing Letters of Credit, (p) Subordinated Debt under the Subordinated Loan Documents in an original aggregate principal amount not to exceed 1,250,000, plus any fees, costs or expenses incurred or payable in connection therewith, plus any interest accrued thereon in accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan Documents, so long as (i) such Indebtedness is subject to a Subordination Agreement which remains in full force and effect and (ii) no Credit Party makes any payment to the Subordinated Creditors or otherwise in respect of such Indebtedness, except for payments made in full compliance with the Subordination Agreement applicable to such Subordinated Debt, and (q) any other unsecured Indebtedness incurred after the Closing Date in an aggregate outstanding amount for all such Credit Parties combined not exceeding 500,000. 5.2 Liens . Incur, maintain or otherwise suffer to exist any Lien upon or with respect to any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or assign any right to receive income or profits, except for Permitted Liens. 
 5.3 Investments; Fundamental Changes . Except as provided in Section 5.7 below, merge or amalgamate with, consolidate with, acquire all or a material portion of the assets or Stock of, or otherwise combine with or make any investment in or make any loan or advance to, any Person; except that (a) any Credit Party (other than any Inactive Subsidiary) may form or acquire any direct or indirect Subsidiary (except for Captive Insurance Subsidiaries, which are governed by Section 5.21 below) after the Closing Date so long as soon as possible (and in any event upon the earlier of (i) thirty (30) days after formation (or such longer period as Agent may agree in its sole discretion) or (ii) the date on which such Subsidiary owns any material assets) after the formation of any new Subsidiary of a Credit Party or simultaneously with the consummation of acquisition of any new Subsidiary of a Credit Party, such Subsidiary becomes a co-Borrower or Guarantor hereunder, as applicable, and grants to Agent a Lien in all of its rights, title and interests in, to and under its Collateral to secure the Obligations for the benefit of the Lenders, all pursuant to written documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent in accordance with Sections 1.12 and 3.28 ; provided, however, no Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary shall be required to join this Agreement as a Credit Party or become jointly and severally liable for the Obligations if Holdings delivers evidence to Agent in form and substance acceptable to Agent that such Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary is prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law from incurring contingent liabilities arising under this Agreement or a Guaranty in its capacity as a guarantor; provided , further , that no Credit Party shall transfer any assets or property to a new Subsidiary until all requirements of Sections 1.12 and 3.28 have been met for such new Subsidiary; (b) a U.S. Credit Party may merge, consolidate or reorganize with another U.S. Credit Party or acquire the assets or Equity Interest of another U.S. Credit Party so long as, in connection with any merger, consolidation or reorganization to which a 

 35 

Borrower is a party, such Borrower is the surviving entity of such merger, consolidation or reorganization; (c) a Canadian Credit Party may merge, amalgamate, consolidate or reorganize with another Canadian Credit Party or acquire the assets or Equity Interest of another Canadian Credit Party so long as such Canadian Credit Party shall provide Agent with ten (10) days prior written notice of such merger, amalgamation, consolidation or reorganization; (d) any Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party may merge, amalgamate or consolidate with or into any other Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party, (e) any Subsidiary may dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to another Subsidiary; provided that if the transferor in such a transaction is a Credit Party, then the transferee must be a Credit Party, (f) any Credit Party (other than any Inactive Subsidiary) may make Permitted Acquisitions; (g) any Credit Party (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) may make investments in Permitted Joint Ventures existing on the Closing Date, all of which such Permitted Joint Ventures are identified on Schedule 5.3 hereto, and any additional Permitted Joint Ventures formed after the Closing Date so long as not more than seven (7) Permitted Joint Ventures are in existence at any time, provided the aggregate amount of all cash and non-cash investments in Permitted Joint Ventures shall not exceed 1,000,000 in the aggregate outstanding at any one time, and provided further that no new investments in such Permitted Joint Ventures shall be made if any Default or Event of Default then exists; (h) investments in cash and Cash Equivalents; (i) intercompany loans to the extent permitted under Section 5.1 ; (j) investments made after the Closing Date in any Credit Party; (k) promissory notes and other non-cash consideration received in connection with any disposition of assets permitted by Section 5.4 ; (l) investments in the form of advances made to subcontractors in the ordinary course of business consistent with historical practice; (m) investments received in settlement of amounts due to any Credit Party effected in the ordinary course of business as a result of insolvency proceedings involving an account debtor or upon the foreclosure or enforcement of any Lien in favor of a Credit Party, (n) Stock or other securities acquired in connection with the satisfaction or enforcement of Indebtedness claims due and owing to a Credit Party (in bankruptcy of customers or suppliers or otherwise outside the ordinary course of business) or as security for any such Indebtedness, (o) to the extent no Default or Event of Default has occurred or would result therefrom, initial capital contribution(s) to any Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary in an aggregate amount all such Permitted Captive Insurance Companies not to exceed 250,000 and (p) investments not otherwise permitted pursuant to this Section 5.3 in an aggregate amount not to exceed 500,000 at any time outstanding; provided that immediately before and after giving effect to such investments, no Default or Event to Default shall have occurred or be continuing. 5.4 Asset Sales . Sell, transfer, convey, assign, issue or otherwise dispose any of its assets or properties (including its accounts or any shares of its Stock) or engage in any sale-leaseback, synthetic lease or similar transaction, including without limitation the Collateral or Loan proceeds; provided , however , that (i) any Grantor may transfer any of its Collateral to any other Grantor provided such Collateral remains subject to the Liens of Agent under this Agreement to secure the Obligations, (ii) any Grantor may sell inventory to its customers in the ordinary course of business, (iii) any Grantor may sell for fair market value assets or properties so long as the following conditions are met: (1) the aggregate fair market value, of all such asset sales do not exceed 200,000 in any Fiscal Year, (2) immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect to such Asset Sale, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, (3) if required, the Borrower has applied any Net Cash Proceeds arising therefrom pursuant to Section 1.2(c) and (4) the consideration received for such sale, transfer, lease, contribution or conveyance is received in cash; (iv) Holdings and Braden shall wind-up the affairs of and dissolve Braden Mexico as required by Section 3.36 and transfer any remaining assets to the Credit Parties, (v) Holdings shall wind-up the affairs of and dissolve Braden as required by Section 3.36 and transfer any remaining assets to the Credit Parties, (vi) Holdings may wind-up the affairs of and dissolve any Inactive Subsidiary, provided that any assets of such Person shall be transferred to a Credit Party that continues to exist after the winding-up and/or dissolution of such Person, (vii) any Credit Party may use proceeds of the Loans for purposes permitted under this Agreement, (viii) any Grantor may dispose of obsolete, worn out or surplus property, whether new owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business and property no longer used or useful in the conduct of such Grantor, (ix) any Grantor may dispose of immaterial assets in the ordinary course of business (including allowing any registrations or any applications for registration of any immaterial Intellectual Property to lapse or be abandoned in the ordinary course of business), (x) any Grantor may dispose of any property to the extent that (A) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property that is promptly purchased or (B) the proceeds of such disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of replacement property (which replacement property is promptly purchased), (xi) any Grantor may dispose of any property to the extent expressly permitted by Section 5.3 , 5.5 , 5.7 or 5.19 and the granting of Liens expressly permitted by Section 5.2 , (xii) any Grantor may dispose of cash and Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of business, (xiii) any Grantor may 

 36 

unwind any Hedging Agreement in accordance with its terms to the extent such Hedging Agreement is (or was) entered into by a Credit Party in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating risks associated with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets, or property held or reasonably anticipated by such Credit Party, or changes in the value of securities issued by such Credit Party, and not for purposes of speculation or taking a market view , and (xiii) any Grantor may dispose of any property in connection with a Casualty Event, provided that the Net Cash Proceeds thereof shall be applied in accordance with the requirements of Section 1.2(c) . 5.5 Restricted Payments . Make or permit any Restricted Payment other than (i) to the extent constituting Restricted Payments, the Credit Parties may enter into and consummate transactions expressly permitted by any provision of Section 5.3 or 5.7 , (ii) Subsidiaries may make Restricted Payments to any Credit Party (other than to Inactive Subsidiaries); (iii) Holdings or any Subsidiary thereof may pay dividends on shares of its own Stock to the extent such dividends are (1) payable solely in the form of Qualified Capital Stock of such Person, and (2) paid on a pro rata basis among all holders of Equity Interests of Holdings or such Subsidiary.
 5.6 Changes in Nature of Business . Engage in any business other than (a) that presently engaged in by Credit Parties, (b) except to the extent such change in business could reasonably be expected to adversely affect repayment of the Obligations or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (c) any business reasonably related or ancillary thereto.
 5.7 Transactions with Affiliates . Enter into any lending, borrowing or other commercial transaction with any of its employees, directors, Affiliates or any other Credit Party (including upstreaming and downstreaming of cash and intercompany advances and payments by a Credit Party on behalf of another Credit Party) other than (i) loans or advances to employees of a Credit Party (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) in the ordinary course of business in an aggregate outstanding amount not exceeding 50,000, (ii) transactions that are on fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to such Credit Party or such Subsidiary than obtainable in an arm s length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate, (iii) any investment in a Permitted Joint Venture to the extent expressly permitted by Section 5.3 , (iv) the repurchase or redemption of Stock or other Equity Interest of Holdings or its Subsidiaries held by officers, directors or employees or former officers, directors or employees (or their transferees, estates, or beneficiaries under their estates) of Holdings or its Subsidiaries, upon their death, disability, retirement, severance or termination of employment or service in an aggregate amount, to the extent not financed by the proceeds of life insurance, not to exceed 250,000 during any Fiscal Year, provided , that , (A) no Event of Default shall exist or would result after giving effect to any such Restricted Payment, and (B) after giving pro forma effect to any such Restricted Payment, the Credit Parties shall be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 4.2 as of the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements have been (or were required to have been) delivered pursuant to Section 4.1 , (v) transactions by and among Credit Parties (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) to the extent expressly permitted under Section 5.1 or 5.3, (vi) agreements incurred in the ordinary course of business by and among Credit Parties to provide shared management services, (vii) customary compensation and indemnification of, and other customary employment arrangements (including equity incentive plans, employee benefit plans and arrangements, issuance of Equity Interests, payment of bonuses and stock option plans and payments with respect thereto) with directors, officers and employees of Holdings or any Credit Party in the ordinary course of business, (viii) Restricted Payments permitted under Section 5.5 , (ix) other transactions with any Permitted Joint Venture in the ordinary course of business on terms as favorable as would be obtained by any Credit Party in a comparable arm s-length transaction with an independent, unrelated third party, (x) the provision of goods or engineering, design, procurement, project management, quality management or other services by any Credit Party or Subsidiary to any Credit Party or any other Subsidiary pursuant to purchase orders issued in the ordinary course of business in connection with third party contracts to the extent the terms of such transactions are on fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to such Credit Party or such Subsidiary than obtainable in an arm s length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate, (xi) the provision of insurance by a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary to a Credit Party in the ordinary course of business, and (xii) the Subordinated Debt and the transactions contemplated thereby to the extent expressly permitted under Section 5.1.
 5.8 Third-Party Restrictions on Indebtedness, Liens, Investments or Restricted Payments . Incur or otherwise suffer to exist or become effective or remain liable on or responsible for any Contractual Obligation limiting or restricting the ability of (a) any Credit Party to make Restricted Payments to, or investments in, or repay Indebtedness of, or otherwise sell property to, any Credit Party or (b) any Credit Party to incur or suffer to exist any Lien upon any property of any Credit Party, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, securing any of its 

 37 

Obligations (including any such limitation or restriction in the form of any equal and ratable clause and any similar Contractual Obligation requiring, when a Lien is granted on any property, another Lien to be granted on such property or any other property), except, for each of clauses (a) and (b) above, (w) pursuant to customary provisions restricting pledges, assignments, subletting or other transfers contained in leases, licenses and similar agreements entered in the ordinary course of business that are not prohibited by this Agreement (provided that such restrictions are limited to the property or assets subject to such leases, licenses, or agreements), (x) pursuant to the Loan Documents, (y) pursuant to the Revolving Loan Documents and (z) limitations on Liens (other than those securing any Obligation) on any property whose acquisition, repair, improvement or construction is financed by Capital Lease Obligations or Purchase Money Indebtedness in reliance upon Section 5.1(b) or z set forth in the Contractual Obligations governing such Indebtedness with respect thereto. 5.9 Modification of Certain Documents . Amend, waive, or otherwise modify its charter or by-laws or other Organizational Documents in a manner adverse to the interest of the Agent or Lenders.
 5.10 Accounting Changes; Fiscal Year . Change its (a) accounting treatment or reporting practices, except as required by GAAP or any Requirement of Law applicable to such Credit Party or (b) its Fiscal Year or its method for determining Fiscal Quarters.
 5.11 Changes to Name, Locations, Etc . (a) Change (i) its name, Chief Executive Office, registered office, corporate offices from those set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.2) , (ii) its warehouses or other Collateral locations, or location of its records concerning the Collateral from those locations set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.2) , (iii) the type of legal entity that it is, (iv) its organization identification number, if any, issued by its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization or (v) its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization from that set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.2) or (b) acquire, lease or use any real estate after the Closing Date without such Person, in each instance, giving thirty (30) days prior written notice thereof to Agent and taking all actions deemed necessary or appropriate by Agent to continuously protect and perfect Agent s Liens upon the Collateral.
 5.12 Bank Accounts . (a) Establish any depository or other bank account of any kind with any financial institution (other than the accounts set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.26) and Excluded Accounts) in each case, without Agent s prior written consent (except that Agent s prior written consent shall not be required to establish any such accounts with the Revolving Agent), and then (except in the case of Excluded Accounts) only after such Credit Party has implemented Control Agreements with respect to any such accounts (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any accounts established with Revolving Agent, but excluding any Excluded Accounts) such bank or financial institution and Agent reasonably acceptable to Agent or (b) close or permit to be closed any of the accounts listed on Disclosure Schedule (3.26) (other than Excluded Accounts), in each case without Agent s prior written consent.
 5.13 Margin Regulations . Use all or any portion of the proceeds of any credit extended hereunder to purchase or carry Margin Stock in contravention of Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board.
 5.14 Compliance with ERISA and Canadian Pension Plans . No ERISA Affiliate shall cause or suffer to exist (a) any event that could reasonably be expected to result in the imposition of a Lien with respect to any Title IV Plan or Multiemployer Plan or (b) any other ERISA Event, that would, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in liabilities in excess of the Threshold Amount. No Credit Party shall cause or suffer to exist any event that could reasonably be expected to result in the imposition of a Lien with respect to any Plan. No Credit Party nor any Subsidiary thereof shall cause or suffer to exist any event that could reasonably be expected to result in the wind-up of a Canadian Pension Plan that would result in a solvency deficiency in excess of the Threshold Amount. No Credit Party nor any Subsidiary thereof may (i) contribute to or assume an obligation to contribute to any Canadian Pension Plan that contains a defined benefit provision, as defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada), or (ii) acquire an interest in any Person if such Person sponsors, administers, maintains or contributes to or has any liability in respect of any Canadian Pension Plan that contains a defined benefit provision, as defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada), in either case without the prior written consent of the Agent.
 5.15 Hazardous Materials . Cause or suffer to exist any Release of any Hazardous Material at, to or from any Real Property owned, leased, subleased or otherwise operated or occupied by any Credit Party that would violate any Environmental Law, form the basis for any Environmental Liabilities or otherwise adversely affect the value or 

 38 

marketability of any real property (whether or not owned by any Credit Party), other than such violations, Environmental Liabilities and effects that could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.16 Modifications to Revolving Loan Documents and Subordinated Debt . (a) Without the prior written consent of the Agent unless expressly permitted pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, permit any changes, amendments or modifications to the Revolving Loan Documents that (i) would be adverse to the Agent or the Lenders, (ii) would result in a material increase in any facility fee or other fee applicable to Indebtedness under the Revolving Loan Agreement, provided that such prohibition shall not apply to customary amendment fees paid in consideration for a modification or amendment of the Revolving Loan Agreement, (iii) modify the prepayment provisions of the Revolving Loan Agreement, or (iv) would modify Section 7.18 of the Revolving Loan Agreement.
 (b) Without the prior written consent of the Agent in its sole discretion, permit any changes, amendments or modifications to the Capital Provision Documents that would be adverse to the Agent or the Lenders (it being understood and agreed that any amendment of any kind to the Capital Provision Agreement is hereby deemed to be adverse to the Agent and Lenders and shall require the prior written consent of the Agent). The Borrower shall notify Agent promptly after the termination, if any, of the Capital Provision Agreement and Borrower shall promptly terminate (and make filings evidencing the termination of), and/or use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Capital Providers to terminate (and make filings to evidence the termination of), any Liens that the Capital Providers may have had on the assets of the Borrower, including without limitation the termination of all UCC financing statements made by the Capital Providers in connection with the Capital Provision Agreement, to the extent that Holdings no longer has any obligations under the Capital Provision Agreement. (c) Without the prior written consent of Agent in its sole discretion, permit any changes, amendments or modifications to the Subordinated Debt Documents in violation of the Subordination Agreement. 5.17 Inactive Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, allow any Inactive Subsidiary to (i) engage in any business activities or conduct any operations, other than maintaining its corporate existence pending its dissolution pursuant to Section 5.4 hereof, (ii) own any material assets, (iii) have any Subsidiaries or (iv) have or incur any liabilities (other than (A) those existing as of the Closing Date, and (B) any contingent liability arising under this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any of the Revolving Loan Documents), without first obtaining Agent s prior written consent. 
 5.18 Compliance with Anti-Terrorism Laws . 
 (a) Directly or indirectly, in connection with the Loans, knowingly (i) conduct any business or engage in making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any Embargoed Person, (ii) deal in, or otherwise engage in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked pursuant to any Anti-Terrorism Law or (iii) engage in or conspire to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in any Anti-Terrorism Law. 
 (b) Directly or indirectly, in connection with the Loans, knowingly cause or permit any of the funds of such Credit Party that are used to repay the Loans to be derived from any unlawful activity with the result that the making of the Loans would be in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law. 
 (c) Reserved.
 (d) Deliver to the Lenders any certification or other evidence requested from time to time by any Lender in its reasonable discretion, confirming the Credit Parties compliance with this Section 5.18 .
 5.19 Sale-Leasebacks . Permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage in a sale leaseback, synthetic lease or similar transaction involving any of its assets. 
 
 39 

5.20 Leases . Enter as lessee into any lease arrangement for real or personal property if after giving effect thereto, aggregate annual rental payments for all leased property of the Credit Parties in any Fiscal Year would exceed 1,335,000 . 
 5.21 Captive Insurance Subsidiaries . Form any Captive Insurance Subsidiary unless such Person is approved by the Agent in writing in advance as a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary. If the Borrower desires to request that a Captive Insurance Subsidiary be approved as a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary, then the Borrower shall notify the Agent at least 30 Business Days (or such shorter period as Agent may agree in its sole discretion) in advance of the date on which such Person is requested to constitute a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary under this Agreement, shall provide the Agent with a summary of all material information regarding such proposed Captive Insurance Subsidiary and its proposed activities and any other detail reasonably requested by Agent in connection therewith. The Agent shall review the request and use commercially reasonable efforts to either approve or reject, on or prior to the date that is 30 Business Days after it has received the request from the Borrower, that the proposed Captive Insurance Subsidiary be deemed to constitute a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary under this Agreement; provided, that if the Agent has not made such a determination by the date that is 30 Business Days after receipt of the request from Borrower, then Agent is deemed to have rejected such request by Borrower. If Agent approves the request from Borrower to treat a Captive Insurance Subsidiary as a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary, then such Person shall be treated as a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary on the date, and pursuant to the other terms, set forth in a notice delivered by the Agent to the Borrower at such time. 
 5.22 Payments under the Revolving Loan Agreement . At any time, directly or indirectly, pay, prepay, repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire, or make any payment on account of any principal of, interest on or premium payable in connection with the repayment or Indebtedness under the Revolving Loan Documents, provided, however, that (a) the Credit Parties may make payments of interest on and principal of the Advances in accordance with the terms of the Revolving Loan Agreement , (b) the Credit Parties may make Mandatory Prepayments (as such term is defined in the Revolving Loan Agreement) of principal on the Advances in accordance with the terms of the Revolving Loan Agreement, and (c) the Credit Parties may make payments of fees, expenses, indemnities or other obligations when due and payable in accordance with the terms of the Revolving Loan Documents.
 6. SECURITY INTEREST 
 6.1 Grant of Security Interest . 
 (a) As collateral security for the prompt and complete payment and performance of the Obligations, each of Borrower and each other Credit Party (in each case, that is not a Canadian Credit Party) executing this Agreement, or from time to time party hereto, hereby grants to Agent for the benefit of the Lenders a security interest in and Lien upon all of its rights, title and interests in and to its property and assets, whether real or personal, tangible or intangible, and whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or in which it now has or at any time in the future may acquire any right, title, or interest, including all of the following property in which it now has or at any time in the future may acquire any right, title or interest: 
 (i) all Accounts;
 (ii) all deposit accounts;
 (iii) all other bank accounts and all funds on deposit therein; all money, cash and cash equivalents;
 (iv) all investment property;
 (v) all Stock and all Distributions in respect thereof;
 (vi) all goods (including, without limitation, inventory, equipment, and fixtures);
 (vii) all chattel paper, documents, documents of title and instruments;

 40 

(viii) all Books and Records;
 (ix) all general intangibles (including, without limitation, all Intellectual Property, Intellectual Property applications, contract rights, choses in action, payment intangibles, licenses, Permits, and software, and all rights and interests under any key man life insurance policies);
 (x) all letter-of-credit rights;
 (xi) all commercial tort claims, including those listed on Disclosure Schedule (6.5);
 (xii) all property, including all property of every description, in custody or in transit for any purpose, including safekeeping, collection or pledge, for the account of Borrower or any Credit Party or to which Borrower or any Credit Party may have any right or power, including but not limited to cash;
 (xiii) all other goods (including but not limited to fixtures) and personal property, whether tangible or intangible and wherever located;
 (xiv) all supporting obligations and consents and agreements of any kind or nature that are material to the operation, management, maintenance and conduct of any Credit Party;
 (xv) all Material Real Property of every kind and nature, including leases; and
 (xvi) to the extent not otherwise included, all Proceeds, tort claims, insurance claims and other rights to payment not otherwise included in the foregoing and products of all and any of the foregoing and all accessions to, substitutions and replacements for, and rents and profits of, each of the foregoing (all of the foregoing, collectively, the Collateral ).
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the term Collateral shall not include any Excluded Assets; provided , that if and when any property shall cease to be Excluded Assets, such property shall automatically be deemed to constitute Collateral and a security interest in such property automatically shall be deemed granted therein. The Grantors shall from time to time, promptly after reasonable request by the Agent, give written notice to the Agent identifying in reasonable detail the Excluded Assets (and stating in such notice that such assets fulfill the criteria to constitute Excluded Assets under the definition thereof) and shall provide to the Agent such other information regarding the Excluded A ssets as the Agent may reasonably request. (b) Borrower, Agent, each Lender and each other Grantor (in each case, other than Canadian Credit Parties) agrees that this Agreement creates, and is intended to create, valid and continuing Liens upon the Collateral in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders. Each Grantor that is not a Canadian Credit Party represents, warrants and covenants to Agent and each Lender that: (i) such Grantor has, and shall have, rights in and the power to transfer each item of the Collateral upon which it purports to grant a Lien pursuant to this Agreement, free and clear of any and all Liens or claims of others, other than Permitted Liens; (ii) the security interests granted pursuant to this Agreement, upon completion of the filings and other actions listed on Disclosure Schedule (6.1) (which, in the case of all filings and other documents referred to in said Schedule, have been delivered to the Agent in duly executed form to the extent applicable) and the filing of UCC-1 financing statements with respect to the Collateral, will constitute valid perfected security interests in all of the Collateral in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders as security for the prompt and complete payment and performance of the Obligations, enforceable in accordance with the terms hereof against any and all creditors of and purchasers from any Grantor and such security interests are prior to all other Liens on the Collateral in existence on the date hereof except for (x) to the extent specified in the Intercreditor Agreement, the Liens on the Collateral in favor of Revolving Loan Agent, and (y) Permitted Liens that have priority by operation of law (including any Permitted Lien that is a Purchase Money Lien that satisfies the requirements under the Code and/or other applicable law to take priority over the previously perfected Lien on all assets of a debtor); and (iii) no effective security 

 41 

agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, financing statement, equivalent security or Lien instrument or continuation statement covering all or any part of the Collateral is or will be on file or of record in any public office, except those relating to Permitted Liens. Each Grantor promises to defend the right, title and interest of Agent in and to the Collateral against the claims and demands of all Persons.
 (c) Each Credit Party that is not a Canadian Credit Party confirms that value has been given by the Agent to each such Credit Party, that such Credit Party has rights in the Collateral (other than after-acquired property) and that such Credit Party and the Agent have not agreed to postpone the time for attachment of the security interests created by this Agreement to any of the Collateral. The security interests created by this Agreement are intended to attach to: (i) existing Collateral when each Credit Party executes this Agreement, and (ii) Collateral subsequently acquired by each Credit Party immediately upon each such Credit Party acquiring any rights in such Collateral. 
 6.2 Agent s Rights . Each Grantor, with respect to each property where any Collateral is located that is owned, leased or controlled by any Grantor, during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice (unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in which event no notice shall be required and Agent shall have access at any and all times): (i) provide access to such property to Agent and any of its officers, employees and agents, as frequently as Agent determines to be appropriate, (ii) permit Agent to inspect, review, evaluate and make physical verifications and appraisals of the Collateral in any manner and through any medium that Agent considers advisable, and each Grantor agrees to render to Agent, at such Grantor s cost and expense, such clerical and other assistance as may be reasonably requested with regard thereto, and (iii) permit Agent to inspect, audit and make extracts and copies (or take originals if reasonably necessary) from all of such Grantor s Books and Records; provided, that so long as no Event of Default is continuing, Borrower shall not be obligated to pay the expenses of more than three (3) such inspections or visits during each Fiscal Year of the Borrower. Each Lender may, with the consent of Agent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, accompany Agent on any such visit or inspection and such Grantor will be obligated to pay the expenses incurred by any such Lender to the extent required under Section 10.2.
 6.3 Agent s Appointment as Attorney-in-fact . On the Closing Date, each Grantor shall execute and deliver a Power of Attorney in the form attached as Exhibit D . The power of attorney granted pursuant to the Power of Attorney and all powers granted under any Loan Document are powers coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable until the Termination Date. The powers conferred on Agent under each Power of Attorney are solely to protect Agent s interests in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty upon it to exercise any such powers. Agent agrees not to exercise any power or authority granted under the Power of Attorney unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Each Grantor also hereby (i) authorizes Agent to file any financing statements, financing change statement, continuation statements or amendments thereto that (x) cover the Collateral, and (y) contain any other information required by Part 5 of Article 9 of the Code and the comparable provisions of the PPSA for the sufficiency or filing office acceptance of any such financing statement, financing change statement, continuation statement or amendment and (ii) ratifies its authorization for Agent to have filed any such financing statements, if filed prior to the date hereof. Each Grantor acknowledges that, until the Obligations have been repaid in full, it is not authorized to file any financing statement or amendment or termination statement with respect to any such financing statement without the prior written consent of Agent and agrees that it will not do so without the prior written consent of Agent, subject to such Grantor s rights under Section 9-509(d)(2) of the Code.
 6.4 Grant of License to Use Intellectual Property Collateral . Solely for the purpose of enabling Agent to exercise rights and remedies under Section 7.2 hereof for the benefit of the Lenders (including, without limiting the terms of Section 7.2 hereof, in order to take possession of, hold, preserve, process, assemble, prepare for sale, market for sale, sell or otherwise dispose of Collateral) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, each Grantor hereby grants to Agent an irrevocable, non-exclusive license (exercisable upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default without payment of royalty or other compensation to such Grantor) to use, transfer, license or sublicense any Intellectual Property relating to any of the Collateral now owned, licensed to, or hereafter acquired by such Grantor, and wherever the same may be located, and including in such license access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all computer software and programs used for the compilation or printout thereof, and represents, promises and agrees that any such license or sublicense is not and will not be in conflict with the contractual or commercial rights of any third Person; provided , that such license will terminate on the Termination Date. 

 42 

6.5 Commercial Tort Claims . As of the Closing Date, each Credit Party hereby represents and warrants that it holds no commercial tort claims other than those listed on Disclosure Schedule (6.5). If any Credit Party shall at any time hold or acquire a commercial tort claim, such Credit Party shall immediately notify Agent in writing signed by such Credit Party of the brief details thereof, supplement Disclosure Schedule (6.5) with such details and grant to Agent in such writing a security interest therein and in the Proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent. The requirement in the preceding sentence shall not apply to the extent that the amount of such commercial tort claim, together with the amount of all other commercial tort claims held by any Credit Party in which Agent does not have a security interest, does not exceed 100,000 individually or 200,000 in the aggregate for all Credit Parties. 
 6.6 Duties of Agent . Agent s sole duty with respect to the custody, safekeeping and physical preservation of the Collateral in its possession shall be to deal with it in the same manner as Agent deals with similar property for its own account. The powers conferred on Agent hereunder are solely to protect Agent s interest in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty upon Agent to exercise any such powers. Agent shall be accountable only for amounts that it receives as a result of the exercise of such powers, and neither it nor any of its Related Persons shall be responsible to any Grantor for any act or failure to act hereunder, except for their own gross negligence or willful misconduct as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. In addition, Agent shall not be liable or responsible for any loss or damage to any Collateral, or for any diminution in the value thereof, by reason of the act or omission of any warehousemen, carrier, forwarding agency, consignee or other bailee if such Person has been selected by Agent in good faith. 
 7. EVENTS OF DEFAULT: RIGHTS AND REMEDIES 
 7.1 Events of Default . The occurrence of any one or more of the following events (regardless of the reason therefor) shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder which shall be deemed to be continuing until waived in writing by Agent in accordance with Section 9.3 or cured in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement:
 (a) Any Credit Party shall fail to pay (i) the principal in respect of the Loan when due and payable or declared due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof, or (ii) interest in respect of the Loan or any other Obligations within three (3) days after any such other Obligation becomes due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof or any other Loan Document; or
 (b) any representation or warranty in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or in any written statement pursuant hereto or thereto, or in any written report, financial statement or certificate made or delivered to Agent by Borrower or any other Credit Party shall be untrue or incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made, regardless of whether such breach involves a representation or warranty with respect to a Credit Party that has not signed this Agreement; or
 (c) Borrower or any other Credit Party shall fail or neglect to perform, keep or observe any of the covenants, agreements, requirements, or other terms or provisions to be performed, kept or observed by Borrower or such other Credit Party contained in (i) Section 3.1(a)(i)(A) (with respect to such Person s legal existence), Section 3.16 , Section 3.22 , Section 3.23 , Section 3.26(c) , Section 3.31 , Section 3.36 , Section 4.1(a) , (b) . (c), (d) or (j) , Section 4.2 , Section 4.3, each subsection of Section 5 , and each subsection of Section 6 of this Agreement, or the SBA Side Letter, or (ii) Section 3.21 or any other provision of Section 4.1 (other than referred to under the preceding clause (i)) and such failure or neglect shall continue unremedied for a period of three (3) Business Days; or
 (d) Borrower or any other Credit Party shall fail or neglect to perform, keep or observe any of the covenants, promises, agreements, requirements, or other terms or provisions to be performed, kept or observed by Borrower or such other Credit Party contained in Section 3.26 (other than Section 3.26(c)) or Section 3.28 of this Agreement, and such failure or neglect shall continue unremedied for a period of three (3) Business Days; or
 
 43 

(e) Borrower or any other Credit Party shall fail or neglect to perform, keep or observe any of the covenants, promises, agreements, requirements, or other terms or provisions to be performed, kept or observed by Borrower or such other Credit Party contained in this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents (other than as specified in paragraphs (a) through (d) above), and such failure or neglect shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days after the earlier of (i) a Responsible Officer of a Credit Party having knowledge thereof, or (ii) written notice is delivered to the Borrower or such Credit Party by the Agent or any Lender; or
 (f) an event of default shall occur under any Contractual Obligation of the Borrower or any other Credit Party (other than this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Revolving Loan Documents or the Subordinated Loan Documents), and such event of default (i) involves the failure to make any payment (whether or not such payment is blocked pursuant to the terms of an intercreditor agreement or otherwise), whether of principal, interest or otherwise, and whether due by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise and such failure continues after the applicable grace or notice period, if any, specified in the document relating thereto, in respect of any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations, the Indebtedness under the Revolving Loan Documents and the Indebtedness under the Subordinated Notes) of such Person in an aggregate original principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount, or (ii) causes (or permits any holder of such Indebtedness or a trustee to cause) such Indebtedness, or a portion thereof, in an aggregate original principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount become due prior to its stated maturity or prior to its regularly scheduled date of payment; or 
 (g) there shall be commenced against the Borrower or any other Credit Party any Litigation seeking issuance of a warrant of attachment, execution, distraint or similar process against all or any substantial part of its assets that results in the entry of an order for any such relief that remains unstayed, undismissed or unbonded for sixty (60) consecutive days; or
 (h) a case or proceeding shall have been commenced involuntarily against Borrower or any other Credit Party in a court having competent jurisdiction seeking a decree or order: (i) under any Debtor Relief Law, and seeking either (x) the appointment of a custodian, receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, liquidator, assignee, trustee, monitor or sequestrator (or similar official) for such Person or of any substantial part of its properties, or (y) the reorganization or winding up or liquidation of the affairs of any such Person, and such case or proceeding shall remain undismissed, unstayed or unbonded for sixty (60) consecutive days or such court shall enter a decree or order granting the relief sought in such case or proceeding; or (ii) invalidating or denying any such Person s right, power, or competence to enter into or perform any of its obligations under any Loan Document or invalidating or denying the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any action taken hereunder or thereunder; or
 (i) Borrower or any other Credit Party shall (i) commence any case, proceeding or other action under any Debtor Relief Law, seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to it or seeking appointment of a custodian, receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, liquidator, assignee, trustee, monitor or sequestrator (or similar official) for it or any substantial part of its properties, (ii) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iii) consent to or take any action in furtherance of, or, indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the acts set forth in paragraph (h) of this Section 7.1 or clauses (i) and (ii) of this paragraph (i), or (iv) shall admit in writing its inability to, or shall be generally unable to, pay its debts as such debts become due; or
 (j) a final judgment or judgments for the payment of money in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate shall be rendered against Borrower or any other Credit Party, unless the same shall be (i) fully covered by insurance and the issuer(s) of the applicable policies have not disclaimed coverage, or (ii) vacated, stayed, bonded, paid or discharged within a period of sixty (60) consecutive days from the date of such judgment; or
 (k) any material provision of any Loan Document shall for any reason (other than upon satisfaction in full of the Obligations), cease to be valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms, or any Lien granted, or intended by the Loan Documents to be granted, to Agent for the benefit of the Lenders shall 

 44 

cease to be a valid and perfected Lien having the first priority (or a lesser priority if expressly permitted in the Loan Documents, including the Intercreditor Agreement), except to the extent that any such loss of perfection or priority results from the failure of the Agent (which failure is not due to any omission or action by Credit Parties) to maintain possession of certificates actually received representing securities pledged hereunder or under the Pledge Agreement or to file Code continuation statements in the applicable jurisdictions; or
 (l) a Change of Control shall have occurred; or
 (m) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred and are then continuing, could reasonably be expected to have Material Adverse Effect; or
 (n) an event of default shall occur and be continuing beyond any applicable grace or notice period, under any other Loan Document; or
 (o) if the obligation of any Guarantor under its Guarantee or under any of the other Loan Documents is limited or terminated by operation of law or by such Guarantor (other than in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, its Guarantee or such other Loan Documents) ; 
 (p) an Event of Default as defined in the Revolving Loan Agreement occurs, which shall not have been cured within any applicable grace period or waived, or if any Person (other than Agent or any Lender) party to the Intercreditor Agreement breaches or violates in any material respect, or attempts to terminate or challenge the validity of, such Intercreditor Agreement; or
 (q) an Event of Default as defined in either Subordinated Note occurs, which shall not have been cured within any applicable grace period or waived, or if any Person (other than Agent or any Lender) party to the Subordination Agreement applicable to either Subordinated Note breaches or violates in any material respect, or attempts to terminate or challenge the validity of, such Subordination Agreement.
 7.2 Remedies . 
 (a) If any Default shall have occurred and be continuing, then each Lender may suspend its commitment hereunder to make the Term Loan. In addition, if any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Agent may take any one or more of the following actions: (i) by notice to Borrower declare all or any portion of the Obligations to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon such Obligations shall become and be due and payable; or (ii) exercise any rights and remedies provided to Agent for the benefit of the Lenders under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the Code and the PPSA; provided , that upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in clause (i) of either Sections 7.1(h) or (i) , the Obligations shall become immediately due and payable (and any obligation of the Lenders to make the Loan, if not previously terminated, shall immediately be terminated) without declaration, notice or demand by Agent.
 (b) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Grantor expressly agrees that upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, Agent may collect, receive, assemble, appropriate and realize upon the Collateral, or any part thereof, and may forthwith sell, lease, assign, give an option or options to purchase or otherwise dispose of and deliver said Collateral (or contract to do so), or any part thereof, in one or more parcels at public or private sale or sales, at any exchange at such prices as it may deem best, for cash or on credit or for future delivery without assumption of any credit risk. Agent shall have the right upon any such public sale, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to purchase for the benefit of the Lenders the whole or any part of said Collateral so sold, free of any right of equity of redemption, which right each Grantor hereby releases. Such sales may be adjourned, or continued from time to time with or without notice. Agent shall have the right to conduct such sales on any Grantor s premises or elsewhere and shall have the right to use any Grantor s premises without rent or other charge for such sales or other action with respect to the Collateral for such time as Agent deems necessary or advisable.
 
 45 

(c) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default and at Agent s request, Borrower and each other Grantor further agrees, to assemble the Collateral and make it available to Agent at places that Agent shall reasonably select, whether at its premises or elsewhere. During the continuance of an Event of Default, until Agent is able to effect a sale, lease, or other disposition of the Collateral, Agent shall have the right to complete, assemble, use or operate the Collateral or any part thereof, to the extent that Agent deems appropriate, for the purpose of preserving such Collateral or its value or for any other purpose. Agent shall have no obligation to any Grantor to maintain or preserve the rights of any Grantor as against third parties with respect to any Collateral while such Collateral is in the possession of Agent. During the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent may, if it so elects, seek the appointment of a receiver, interim receiver, or keeper to take possession of any Collateral and to enforce any of Agent s or the Lenders remedies with respect thereto without prior notice or hearing. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Borrower and each other Grantor waives all claims, damages, and demands against Agent, each Lender, their Affiliates, agents, and the officers and employees of any of them arising out of the repossession, retention or sale of any Collateral except such as are determined in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen solely out of the gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of such Person. Borrower and each other Grantor agrees that ten (10) Business Days prior notice by Agent to such Grantor of the time and place of any public sale or of the time after which a private sale may take place is reasonable notification of such matters. Borrower and each other Grantor shall remain liable for any deficiency if the proceeds of any sale or disposition of the Collateral are insufficient to pay all amounts to which Agent and each Lender are entitled.
 (d) Agent s and each Lender s rights and remedies under this Agreement shall be cumulative and nonexclusive of any other rights and remedies that Agent and each Lender may have under any Loan Document or at applicable law or in equity. Recourse to the Collateral shall not be required. All provisions of this Agreement are intended to be subject to all applicable mandatory provisions of law that may be controlling and to be limited, to the extent necessary, so that they do not render this Agreement invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part.
 7.3 Waivers by Credit Parties . Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Borrower and each other Credit Party executing this Agreement waives: (a) presentment, demand and protest, and notice of presentment, dishonor, intent to accelerate, protest, default, nonpayment, maturity, release, compromise, settlement, extension or renewal of any or all Loan Documents; (b) all rights to notice and a hearing prior to Agent s taking possession or control of, or to Agent s replevy, attachment or levy upon, any Collateral or any bond or security that might be required by any court prior to allowing Agent or any Lender to exercise any of their remedies; and (c) the benefit of all valuation, appraisal and exemption laws. Borrower and each other Credit Party executing this Agreement acknowledges that it has been advised by counsel of its choices and decisions with respect to this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the transactions evidenced hereby and thereby.
 7.4 Proceeds . The Proceeds of any sale, disposition or other realization upon any Collateral during the continuance of an Event of Default shall be applied by Agent upon receipt to the Obligations in such order as Agent may deem advisable in its sole discretion and after the indefeasible payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all of the Obligations, and after the payment by Agent of any other amount required by any applicable provision of law, including Sections 9-608(a)(1) and 9-615(a)(3) of the Code and the comparable provisions of the PPSA (but only after Agent has received what Agent considers reasonable proof of a subordinate party s security interest), the surplus, if any, shall be paid to the applicable Grantor or its representatives or to whomsoever may be lawfully entitled to receive the same, or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct. In the event that any such Proceeds are insufficient to pay the Obligations in full, the Credit Parties shall remain liable, jointly and severally, for any deficiency.
 8. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS 
 (a) Each Loan Document shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of Borrower and each other Credit Party executing such Loan Document, Agent, each Lender, and their respective successors and assigns, except as otherwise provided herein or therein. If more than one party signs this instrument as Borrower, then the term Borrower as used herein shall mean all of such parties, jointly and severally. 

 46 

Except as expressly permitted under Section 5.3 , neither Borrower nor any other Credit Party may assign, transfer, hypothecate, delegate or otherwise convey its rights, benefits, obligations or duties under any Loan Document without the prior express written consent of Agent. Any such purported conveyance by Borrower or such Credit Party without the prior express written consent of Agent shall be void. There shall be no third party beneficiaries of any of the terms and provisions of any of the Loan Documents. Each Lender reserves the right at any time to create and sell participations in the Loan and the Loan Documents to any other Person (a Participant and to sell, transfer or assign any or all of its rights in the Loan and under the Loan Documents to one or more Persons (other than any Affiliate of the Credit Parties) (an Assignee ), in each case, subject to the terms and conditions of this Section 8 . Any such sale, transfer or assignment shall be effected by a written assignment agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit I attached hereto (an Assignment Agreement delivered by such Assignee Agent and such Assignee shall pay to Agent an assignment fee in the amount of 3,500, which shall be paid to the Agent on the effective date of each such Assignment Agreement. Agent shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of Borrower, maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment Agreement delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of each Lender and the principal amount of the Term Loan owing to each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and Borrower, Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. Any assignment of the Term Loan, whether or not evidenced by a Note, shall be effective only upon appropriate entries with respect thereto being made in the Register. Any assignment or transfer of all or part of the Term Loan evidenced by a Note shall be registered on the Register only upon surrender for registration of assignment or transfer of such Note evidencing the Loan, accompanied by a duly executed Assignment Agreement or transfer; thereupon a new Note in the same aggregate principal amount shall be issued to the designated Assignee, and the old Note shall be returned to Borrower marked canceled. The Register shall be available for inspection by Borrower at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, each Credit Party, the Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under their Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 1.7 , subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 8(b) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 8(b) shall be delivered to the participating Lender), to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment; provided that such Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 1.7 with respect to any participation than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a change in applicable law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, Agent (in its capacity as Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (b) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to Borrower and Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent, 

 47 

shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent as will enable Borrower or Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iv) of this Section 8(b) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that Borrower is a U.S. Borrower:
 (i) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to Borrower and Agent on or about the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;
 (ii) any Lender that is not a U.S. Person (a Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:
 (A) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; (B) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; (C) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the IRC, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the IRC, a 10 percent shareholder of Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the IRC, or a controlled foreign corporation related to Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the IRC (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W 8BEN-E; or (D) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W 8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; (iii) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrower and Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal 

 48 

withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit Borrower or Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and
 (iv) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the IRC, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to Borrower and Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the IRC) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent as may be necessary for Borrower and Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (iv), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify Borrower and Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 9. AGENT 
 9.1 Appointment and Duties . 
 (a) Appointment of Agent . Each Lender hereby appoints EICF AGENT LLC (together with any successor Agent pursuant to Section 9.9) as Agent hereunder and authorizes Agent to (i) execute and deliver the Loan Documents and accept delivery thereof on its behalf from any Credit Party, (ii) take such action on its behalf and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies and perform the duties as are expressly delegated to Agent under such Loan Documents and (iii) exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 
 (b) Duties as Collateral and Disbursing Agent . Without limiting the generality of clause (a) above, Agent shall have the sole and exclusive right and authority (to the exclusion of the Lenders), and is hereby authorized, to (i) act as the disbursing and collecting agent for the Lenders with respect to all payments and collections arising in connection with the Loan Documents (including in any proceeding described in Section 7.1(h) or (i) or any other bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding), and each Person making any payment in connection with any Loan Document to any Lender is hereby authorized to make such payment to Agent, (ii) file and prove claims and file other documents necessary or desirable to allow the claims of the Lenders with respect to any Obligation in any proceeding described in Section 7.1(h) or (i) or any other bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding (but not to vote, consent or otherwise act on behalf of such Lender), (iii) act as collateral agent for each Lender for purposes of the perfection of all Liens created by such agreements and all other purposes stated therein, (iv) manage, supervise and otherwise deal with the Collateral, (v) take such other action as is necessary or desirable to maintain the perfection and priority of the Liens created or purported to be created by the Loan Documents, (vi) except as may be otherwise specified in any Loan Document, exercise all remedies given to Agent and the other Lenders with respect to the Collateral, whether under the Loan Documents, applicable Requirements of Law or otherwise and (vii) execute any amendment, consent or waiver under the Loan Documents on behalf of any Lender that has consented in writing to such amendment, consent or waiver; provided , however , that Agent hereby appoints, authorizes and directs each Lender to act as collateral sub-agent for Agent and the Lenders for purposes of the perfection of all Liens with respect to the Collateral, including any deposit account maintained by a Credit Party with, and cash and cash equivalents held by, such Lender, and may further authorize and direct the Lenders to take further actions as collateral sub-agents for purposes of enforcing such Liens or otherwise to transfer the Collateral subject thereto to Agent, and each Lender hereby agrees to take such further actions to the extent, and only to the extent, so authorized and directed. 
 
 49 

(c) Limited Duties . Under the Loan Documents, Agent (i) is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders, with duties that are entirely administrative in nature, notwithstanding the use of the defined term Agent , the terms agent , administrative agent and collateral agent and similar terms in any Loan Document to refer to Agent, which terms are used for title purposes only, (ii) is not assuming any obligation under any Loan Document other than as expressly set forth therein or any role as agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender and (iii) shall have no implied functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or other liabilities under any Loan Document, and each Lender hereby waives and agrees not to assert any claim against Agent based on the roles, duties and legal relationships expressly disclaimed in clauses (i) through (iii) above. 
 9.2 Binding Effect . Each Lender agrees that (i) any action taken by Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if expressly required hereby, a greater proportion of the Lenders) in accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents, (ii) any action taken by Agent in reliance upon the instructions of Required Lenders (or, where so required, such greater proportion) and (iii) the exercise by Agent or the Required Lenders (or, where so required, such greater proportion) of the powers set forth herein or therein, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be authorized and binding upon all of the Lenders. 
 9.3 Use of Discretion . 
 (a) No Action without Instructions . Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take, or to omit to take, any action, including with respect to enforcement or collection, except any action it is required to take or omit to take (i) under any Loan Document or (ii) pursuant to instructions from the Required Lenders (or, where expressly required by the terms of this Agreement, a greater proportion of the Lenders). 
 (b) Right Not to Follow Certain Instructions . Notwithstanding clause (a) above, Agent shall not be required to take, or to omit to take, any action (i) unless, upon demand, Agent receives an indemnification satisfactory to it from the Lenders against all costs, expenses, claims, actions or liabilities that, by reason of such action or omission, may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against Agent or any Related Person thereof or (ii) that is, in the opinion of Agent or its counsel, contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Requirement of Law. 
 9.4 Delegation of Rights and Duties . Agent may, upon any term or condition it specifies, delegate or exercise any of its rights, powers and remedies under, and delegate or perform any of its duties or any other action with respect to, any Loan Document by or through any trustee, co-agent, employee, attorney-in-fact and any other Person (including any Lender). Any such Person shall benefit from this Section 9 to the extent provided by Agent. 
 9.5 Reliance and Liability . 
 (a) Agent may, without incurring any liability hereunder, (i) treat the payee of any Note as its holder until such Note has been assigned in accordance with Section 8(a) , (ii) rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 8(a) , (iii) consult with any of its Related Persons and, whether or not selected by it, any other advisors, accountants and other experts (including advisors to, and accountants and experts engaged by, any Credit Party) and (iv) rely and act upon any document and information (including those transmitted by electronic transmission) and any telephone message or conversation, in each case believed by it to be genuine and transmitted, signed or otherwise authenticated by the appropriate parties. 
 (b) None of Agent and its Related Persons shall be liable to any Lender for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them under or in connection with any Loan Document (x) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Section 10.1(b) or (y) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct , and each Lender hereby waive and shall not assert any right, claim or cause of action based thereon, except to the extent of liabilities resulting primarily from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Agent or, as the case may be, such Related Person (each as determined in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction) in connection with the duties expressly set forth herein. Without limiting the foregoing, Agent: 

 50 

(i) shall not be responsible or otherwise incur liability to any Lender for any action or omission taken in reliance upon the instructions of the Required Lenders or for the actions or omissions of any of its Related Persons selected with reasonable care (other than employees, officers and directors of Agent, when acting on behalf of Agent); 
 (ii) shall not be responsible to any Lender for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, effectiveness, genuineness, sufficiency or value of, or the attachment, perfection or priority of any Lien created or purported to be created under or in connection with, any Loan Document; 
 (iii) makes no warranty or representation, and shall not be responsible, to any Lender for any statement, document, information, representation or warranty made or furnished by or on behalf of any Related Person or any Credit Party in connection with any Loan Document or any transaction contemplated therein or any other document or information with respect to any Credit Party, whether or not transmitted or (except for documents expressly required under any Loan Document to be transmitted to the Lenders) omitted to be transmitted by Agent, including as to completeness, accuracy, scope or adequacy thereof, or for the scope, nature or results of any due diligence performed by Agent in connection with the Loan Documents; and 
 (iv) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any provision of any Loan Document, whether any condition set forth in any Loan Document is satisfied or waived, as to the financial condition of any Credit Party or as to the existence or continuation or possible occurrence or continuation of any Default and shall not be deemed to have notice or knowledge of such occurrence or continuation unless it has received a notice from Borrower or any Lender describing such Default clearly labeled notice of default (in which case Agent shall promptly give notice of such receipt to all Lenders); 
 and, for each of the items set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) above, each Lender hereby waives and agrees not to assert any right, claim or cause of action it might have against Agent based thereon. 9.6 Agent Individually . Agent and its Affiliates may make loans and other extensions of credit to, acquire Stock of, engage in any kind of business with, any Credit Party or Affiliate thereof as though it were not acting as Agent and may receive separate fees and other payments therefor. To the extent Agent or any of its Affiliates makes any Loan or otherwise becomes a Lender hereunder, it shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and shall be subject to the same obligations and liabilities as any other Lender and the terms Lender , Required Lender and any similar terms shall, except where otherwise expressly provided in any Loan Document, include, without limitation, Agent or such Affiliate, as the case may be, in its individual capacity as Lender or as one of the Required Lenders. 
 9.7 Protective Advances . Agent is hereby authorized by the Credit Parties and Lenders, at any time in Agent s and Co-Lead Arranger s sole discretion, regardless of (i) the existence of a Default or an Event of Default, (ii) whether any of the other applicable conditions precedent set forth in this Agreement to the making of any Term Loan have not been satisfied, or (iii) any other contrary provision of this Agreement, to make advances to Borrower on behalf of the Lenders in an amount not exceeding 10 of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then outstanding, which advances Agent, in its reasonable business judgment, deems necessary or desirable (A) to preserve or protect the Collateral, or any portion thereof, (B) to enhance the likelihood of, or maximize the amount of, repayment of the Obligations, or (C) to pay any other amount chargeable to the Credit Parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement Protective Advances ). Protective Advances shall be deemed to be Term Loans under this Agreement and entitled to all of the rights and benefits applicable to Term Loans hereunder; provided, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Protective Advances may cause the total principal amount of the Term Loans to equal up to 110 of the sum of (x) the total principal amount of the Closing Date Term Loan Commitment (as in effect immediately prior to funding the Closing Date Term Loans) and (y) the total principal amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments as in effect on the Closing Date. The Lenders shall be obligated to fund Protective Advances upon request by Agent (made with the consent of Agent and Co-Lead Arranger) and reimburse and/or otherwise effect a settlement with Agent therefor upon demand of Agent in accordance with their respective Protective Advance Percentages. To the extent any Protective Advances are not actually funded by the other Lenders as provided for 

 51 

herein, any such Protective Advances funded by Agent shall be deemed to be Protective Advances made by and owing to Agent, and Agent shall be entitled to all rights (including accrual of interest) and remedies of a Lender with respect to such Protective Advances. 9.8 Expenses; Indemnities . 
 (a) Each Lender agrees to reimburse Agent and each of its Related Persons (to the extent not reimbursed by any Credit Party) promptly upon demand for such Lender s pro rata share with respect to the Loan of any costs and expenses (including fees, charges and disbursements of financial, legal and other advisors and taxes paid in the name of, or on behalf of, any Credit Party) that may be incurred by Agent or any of its Related Persons in connection with the preparation, syndication, execution, delivery, administration, modification, consent, waiver or enforcement (whether through negotiations, through any work-out, bankruptcy, restructuring or other legal or other proceeding or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of its rights or responsibilities under, any Loan Document. 
 (b) Each Lender further agrees to indemnify Agent and each of its Related Persons (to the extent not reimbursed by any Credit Party), from and against such Lender s aggregate pro rata share with respect to the Loan of the costs, expenses, claims and liabilities (including (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender, but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so, (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 8(a) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register, and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender) that may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against Agent or any of its Related Persons in any matter relating to or arising out of, in connection with or as a result of any Loan Document, or any other act, event or transaction related, contemplated in or attendant to any such document, or, in each case, any action taken or omitted to be taken by Agent or any of its Related Persons under or with respect to any of the foregoing; provided , however , that no Lender shall be liable to Agent or any of its Related Persons to the extent such liability has resulted primarily from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Agent or, as the case may be, such Related Person, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment or order. 
 (c) 
 9.9 Resignation of Agent . 
 (a) Agent may resign at any time by delivering notice of such resignation to the Lenders and Borrower, effective on the date set forth in such notice or, if no such date is set forth therein, upon the date such notice shall be effective. If Agent delivers any such notice, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Agent. If, within thirty (30) days after the retiring Agent having given notice of resignation, no successor Agent has been appointed by the Required Lenders that has accepted such appointment, then the retiring Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Agent from among the Lenders. Each appointment under this clause (a) shall be subject to the prior consent of Borrower, which may not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, but shall not be required during the continuance of an Event of Default under Section 7.1(a) , (h) or (i) . 
 (b) Effective immediately upon its resignation, (i) the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents, (ii) the Lenders shall assume and perform all of the duties of Agent until a successor Agent shall have accepted a valid appointment hereunder, (iii) the retiring Agent and its Related Persons shall no longer have the benefit of any provision of any Loan Document other than with respect to any actions taken or omitted to be taken while such retiring Agent was, or because such Agent had been, validly acting as Agent under the Loan Documents and (iv) subject to its rights under Section 9.3 , the retiring Agent shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary to assign to the successor Agent its rights as Agent under the Loan Documents. Effective immediately upon its acceptance of a valid appointment as Agent, a successor Agent shall succeed to, and become vested with, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent under the Loan Documents. 
 9.10 Release of Collateral . Each Lender hereby consents to the release and hereby directs Agent to release (or, in the case of clause (ii) below, release or subordinate) any Lien held by Agent for the benefit of the Lenders against (i) 

 52 

any Collateral that is sold by a Credit Party in an Asset Sale , lease, transfer or other disposition permitted by the Loan Documents (including pursuant to a valid waiver or consent), (ii) any property subject to a Lien permitted hereunder to secure Purchase Money Obligations, (iii) any Collateral to the extent that Agent is required to release such Lien pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement in connection with the exercise by the Revolving Agent of rights and remedies against the Collateral,(iv) if the property subject to such Lien is owned by a Guarantor, upon release of such Guarantor from its obligations pursuant to a transaction permitted by Section 5.3 , and (v) all of the Collateral and all Credit Parties, upon the Termination Date. Each Lender hereby directs Agent, and Agent hereby agrees, upon receipt of reasonable advance notice from Borrower, to execute and deliver or file such documents and to perform other actions reasonably necessary to release the Liens when and as directed in this Section 9.10 . 10. MISCELLANEOUS 
 10.1 Complete Agreement; Modification of Agreement . 
 (a) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the complete agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, supersede all prior agreements, commitments, understandings or inducements (oral or written, expressed or implied). Borrower and each other Credit Party executing this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall have all duties and obligations under this Agreement and such other Loan Documents from the date of its execution and delivery, regardless of whether the Loan has been funded at that time. 
 (b) No amendment or waiver of any provision of any Loan Document and no consent to any departure by any Credit Party therefrom shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed (1) in the case of an amendment, consent or waiver to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency or granting a new Lien for the benefit of the Lenders or extending an existing Lien over additional property, by Agent and Borrower and any other Credit Party which is a party to such agreement, (2) in the case of any other waiver or consent, by the Required Lenders (or by Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and (3) in the case of any other amendment, by the Required Lenders (or by Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and Borrower and any other Credit Party which is a party to such agreement; provided , however , that no amendment, consent or waiver described in clause (2) or (3) above shall, unless in writing and signed by each Lender directly affected thereby (or by Agent with the consent of such Lender), in addition to any other Person the signature of which is otherwise required pursuant to any Loan Document, do any of the following:
 (i) waive any condition specified in Section 2.1 , except any condition referring to any other provision of any Loan Document; 
 (ii) increase the Closing Date Term Loan Commitment or Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of such Lender or subject such Lender to any additional material obligation; 
 (iii) reduce (including through release, forgiveness, assignment or otherwise) (A) the principal amount of, the interest rate on, or any obligation of Borrower to repay (whether or not on a fixed date), any outstanding Loan owing to such Lender, or (B) any Fee or accrued interest payable to such Lender ; 
 (iv) waive or postpone any scheduled maturity date or other scheduled date fixed for the payment, in whole or in part, of principal of or interest on any Term Loan or Fee owing to such Lender or for the reduction of such Lender s Closing Date Term Loan Commitment or Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment; provided , however , that this clause (iv) does not apply to any change to Mandatory Prepayments, including those required under Section 1.2 , or to the application of any payment, including as set forth in Section 1.8 ; 
 (v) except as provided in Section 9.10 , release all or substantially all of the Collateral or any Guarantor from its guarantee of any Obligation of Borrower; 
 
 53 

(vi) reduce or increase the proportion of Lenders required for the Lenders (or any subset thereof) to take any action hereunder or change the definition of the term Required Lenders 
 (vii) amend Section 10.14 or this Section 10.1 ; 
 (viii) enter into, amend or otherwise modify, any agreement or arrangement with another Person, the effect of which entering into, amendment or modification is to either (A) subordinate the payment of the Obligations to the payment of any indebtedness, liabilities or other obligations held by any other Person, or (B) subordinate the Lien securing the Obligations to any Lien held by any other Person as security for any indebtedness, liabilities or other obligations held by any other Person; provided, however, that this clause (viii) shall not apply to any payment subordination or Lien subordination effected in connection with the making of Protective Advances under this Agreement, that are approved by both Agent and Co-Lead Arranger, in an amount not exceeding 10 of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then outstanding ;
 and provided , further , that (x)(A) any waiver of any payment applied pursuant to Section 1.8 to, and any modification of the application of any such payment to the Term Loan shall require the consent of the Required Lenders, and (B) any change to the definition of the term Required Lenders shall require the consent of the Required Lenders, (y) no amendment, waiver or consent shall affect the rights or duties under any Loan Document of, or any payment to, Agent (or otherwise modify any provision of Section 9 or the application thereof) unless in writing and signed by Agent in addition to any signature otherwise required and (z) the consent of Borrower shall not be required to change any order of priority set forth in Section 1.8 . (c) Each waiver or consent under any Loan Document shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which it was given. No notice to or demand on any Credit Party shall entitle any Credit Party to any notice or demand in the same, similar or other circumstances. No failure on the part of any Lender to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right.
 10.2 Expenses . Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse Agent and CION (but not any Assignee or Participants) for all costs and expenses (including the fees and expenses of all counsel retained in connection therewith), incurred in connection with: (a) the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery, performance and enforcement of the Loan Documents and the preservation of any rights thereunder, provided, that in the case of legal expenses incurred in connection with the initial documentation and negotiation of the Loan Documents being delivered on the Closing Date, Agent and CION shall be limited to (x) one counsel for Agent and CION taken together (except (i) in the case where one or more discrete legal issues arise during the course of the documentation process for which CION reasonably finds it desirable to obtain its separate legal counsel, and/or (ii) where a conflict of interest arises between Agent and CION, in each of which cases Borrower shall be obligated to pay or reimburse the reasonable legal fees of CION in addition to those of Agent), (y) to the extent reasonably necessary, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction, and (z) such regulatory or other specialist counsel (which shall include SBA counsel to EICF) as reasonably necessary in connection with the Transactions; (b) collection, including deficiency collections; (c) any amendment, waiver or other modification with respect to any Loan Document or advice in connection with the administration of the Loan or the rights thereunder; and (d) any litigation, dispute, suit, proceeding or action (whether instituted by or between any combination of Agent, any Lender, Borrower or any other Person), and an appeal or review thereof, in any way relating to the Collateral, any Loan Document, or any action taken or any other agreements to be executed or delivered in connection therewith, whether as a party, witness or otherwise, provided however , that upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse Agent and CION (but not any Assignee or Participants) for all additional costs and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of all counsel, advisors, consultants and auditors retained in connection therewith), incurred in connection with any effort (i) to monitor the Loan, (ii) to evaluate, observe or assess Borrower or any other Credit Party or the affairs of such Person, and (iii) to verify, protect, evaluate, assess, appraise, collect, sell, liquidate or otherwise dispose of the Collateral.
 
 54 

10.3 No Waiver . Neither Agent s failure, at any time, to require strict performance by Borrower or any other Credit Party of any provision of any Loan Document, nor Agent s or any Lender s failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, any right, power or privilege hereunder, shall operate as a waiver thereof or waive, affect or diminish any right of Agent or any Lender thereafter to demand strict compliance and performance therewith. No single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder shall preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. Any suspension or waiver of a Default or other provision under the Loan Documents shall not suspend, waive or affect any other Default or other provision under any Loan Document, and shall not be construed as a bar to any right or remedy that Agent or any Lender would otherwise have had on any future occasion. None of the undertakings, indemnities, agreements, warranties, covenants and representations of Borrower or any other Credit Party to Agent or any Lender contained in any Loan Document and no Default by Borrower or any other Credit Party under any Loan Document shall be deemed to have been suspended or waived by Agent or any Lender, unless such waiver or suspension is by an instrument in writing signed by an officer or other authorized employee of Agent or the Lenders, as applicable, and directed to Borrower, specifying such suspension or waiver (and then such waiver shall be effective only to the extent therein expressly set forth), and neither Agent nor any Lender shall, by any act (other than execution of a formal written waiver), delay, omission or otherwise, be deemed to have waived any of its rights or remedies hereunder.
 10.4 Severability; Section Titles . Wherever possible, each provision of the Loan Documents shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of any Loan Document shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of such Loan Document. Except as otherwise expressly provided for in the Loan Documents, no termination or cancellation (regardless of cause or procedure) of any financing arrangement under the Loan Documents shall in any way affect or impair the Obligations, duties, covenants, representations and warranties, indemnities, and liabilities of Borrower or any other Credit Party or the rights of Agent or any Lender relating to any unpaid Obligation, (due or not due, liquidated, contingent or unliquidated), or any transaction or event occurring prior to such termination, or any transaction or event, the performance of which is not required until after the Maturity Date, all of which shall not terminate or expire, but rather shall survive such termination or cancellation and shall continue in full force and effect until the Termination Date; provided , that all indemnity obligations of the Credit Parties under the Loan Documents shall survive the Termination Date. The Section titles contained in any Loan Document are and shall be without substantive meaning or content of any kind whatsoever and are not a part of the agreement between parties hereto.
 10.5 Authorized Signature . Until Agent shall be notified in writing by Borrower or any other Credit Party to the contrary, the signature upon any document or instrument delivered pursuant hereto and believed by Agent or any of Agent s officers, agents, or employees to be that of an officer of Borrower or such other Credit Party shall bind Borrower and such other Credit Party and be deemed to be the act of Borrower or such other Credit Party affixed pursuant to and in accordance with resolutions duly adopted by Borrower s or such other Credit Party s Board of Directors, and Agent shall be entitled to assume the authority of each signature and authority of the Person whose signature it is or appears to be unless the Person acting in reliance thereon shall have actual knowledge to the contrary.
 10.6 Notices . Except as otherwise provided herein, whenever any notice, demand, request or other communication shall or may be given to or served upon any party by any other party, or whenever any party desires to give or serve upon any other party any communication with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, each communication shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been validly served, given or delivered (a) upon the earlier of actual receipt and three (3) Business Days after deposit in the United States Mail, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, with proper postage prepaid, (b) upon transmission, when sent by telecopy or other similar facsimile transmission (with such telecopy or facsimile promptly confirmed by delivery of a copy by personal delivery or United States Mail as otherwise provided in this Section 10.6 ), (c) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a reputable overnight courier with all charges prepaid or (d) when hand-delivered, all of which shall be addressed to the party to be notified and sent to the address or facsimile number indicated in Schedule C or to such other address (or facsimile number) as may be substituted by notice given as herein provided. Failure or delay in delivering copies of any such communication to any Person (other than Borrower, any other Credit Party, Agent or any Lender) designated in Schedule C to receive copies shall in no way adversely affect the effectiveness of such communication.

 55 

10.7 Counterparts . Any Loan Document may be authenticated in any number of separate counterparts by any one or more of the parties thereto, and all of said counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any Loan Document may be authenticated by manual signature, facsimile or, if approved in writing by Agent, electronic means, all of which shall be equally valid. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents including any Assignment Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or electronic records, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be.
 10.8 Time of the Essence . Time is of the essence for performance of the Obligations under the Loan Documents.
 10.9 Governing Law . THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND THE OBLIGATIONS ARISING UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF New York APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES THEREOF REGARDING CONFLICTS OF LAWS OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATION LAWS OF NEW YORK.
 10.10 Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial . 
 (a) BORROWER AND EACH OTHER CREDIT PARTY EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY CONSENT AND AGREE THAT THE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN New York COUNTY, NEW YORK, SHALL HAVE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION TO HEAR AND DETERMINE ANY CLAIMS OR DISPUTES BETWEEN BORROWER AND SUCH CREDIT PARTY AND ANY LENDER PERTAINING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR TO ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS; PROVIDED , THAT THE LENDERS, BORROWER AND EACH CREDIT PARTY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY APPEALS FROM THOSE COURTS MAY HAVE TO BE HEARD BY A COURT LOCATED OUTSIDE OF New York COUNTY, NEW YORK; AND FURTHER PROVIDED , THAT NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED OR OPERATE TO PRECLUDE ANY LENDER FROM BRINGING SUIT OR TAKING OTHER LEGAL ACTION IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION TO COLLECT THE OBLIGATIONS, TO REALIZE ON THE COLLATERAL OR ANY OTHER SECURITY FOR THE OBLIGATIONS, OR TO ENFORCE A JUDGMENT OR OTHER COURT ORDER IN FAVOR OF SUCH LENDER. BORROWER AND EACH OTHER CREDIT PARTY EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT EXPRESSLY SUBMIT AND CONSENT IN ADVANCE TO SUCH NEW YORK JURISDICTION IN ANY ACTION OR SUIT COMMENCED IN ANY SUCH NEW YORK COURT, AND BORROWER AND SUCH CREDIT PARTY HEREBY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY HAVE BASED UPON LACK OF PERSONAL JURISDICTION, IMPROPER VENUE OR FORUM NON CONVENIENS IN ANY ACTION OR SUIT COMMENCED IN ANY SUCH NEW YORK COURTS. BORROWER AND EACH OTHER CREDIT PARTY EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY WAIVE PERSONAL SERVICE OF THE SUMMONS, COMPLAINT AND OTHER PROCESS ISSUED IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR SUIT AND AGREE THAT SERVICE OF SUCH SUMMONS, COMPLAINT AND OTHER PROCESS MAY BE MADE BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL ADDRESSED TO BORROWER OR SUCH CREDIT PARTY AT THE ADDRESS SET FORTH IN SCHEDULE C OF THIS AGREEMENT OR SUCH OTHER ADDRESS AS MAY BE SUBSTITUTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 10.5 AND THAT SERVICE SO MADE SHALL BE DEEMED COMPLETED UPON THE EARLIER OF BORROWER S OR SUCH CREDIT PARTY S ACTUAL RECEIPT THEREOF OR THREE (3) DAYS AFTER DEPOSIT IN THE UNITED STATES MAIL, PROPER POSTAGE PREPAID.
 (b) THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE BETWEEN ANY LENDER, BORROWER AND ANY CREDIT PARTY ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH, RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE RELATIONSHIP 

 56 

ESTABLISHED BETWEEN THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO.
 10.11 Press Releases .Neither any Credit Party nor any of its Affiliates will in the future issue any press release or other public disclosure using the name of Energy Impact Credit Fund I LP or its Affiliates or referring to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents without at least two (2) Business Days prior notice to Agent and without the prior written consent of Agent unless (and only to the extent that) such Credit Party or Affiliate is required to do so under law and then, in any event, such Credit Party or Affiliate will consult with Agent before issuing such press release or other public disclosure. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 10.11 , any Credit Party may make such public disclosures referring to Energy Impact Credit Fund I LP or its Affiliates in connection with and with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents in connection with all regular and periodic reports (including without limitation any Form 8-Ks) and all registration statements and prospectuses, if any, filed by any Credit Party with any securities exchange or with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any governmental or private regulatory authority. The Borrower hereby authorizes Agent and each Lender to make mention of Agent s and such Lender s participation in this transaction in its marketing, sales materials, printed media, tombstones or web-based material with Borrower s prior written consent (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).
 10.12 Reinstatement .This Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment of all or any part of the Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be returned or restored by Agent or the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of Borrower or any other Credit Party, or otherwise, all as though such payments had not been made.
 10.13 USA PATRIOT Act Notice and Customer Verification . Each Lender that is subject to the USA PATRIOT Act and the Agent (for itself and not on behalf of such Lender) hereby notify Borrower that pursuant to the know your customer regulations and the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, they are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Credit Party, which information includes the name, address and tax identification number (and other identifying information in the event this information is insufficient to complete verification) that will allow such Lender or Agent, as applicable, to verify the identity of each Credit Party. This information must be delivered to such Lender and Agent no later than five days prior to the Closing Date and thereafter promptly upon request. This notice is given in accordance with the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act and is effective as to the Lenders and the Agent. 
 10.14 Sharing of Payments, Etc . If any Lender, directly or through an Affiliate or branch office thereof, obtains any payment of any Obligation of any Credit Party (whether voluntary, involuntary or through the exercise of any right of setoff or the receipt of any Collateral or proceeds (as defined under the Code or the PPSA, as applicable) of Collateral) other than pursuant to Section 1.14 and such payment exceeds the amount such Lender would have been entitled to receive if all payments had gone to, and been distributed by, Agent in accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents, such Lender shall purchase for cash from other Lenders such participations in their Obligations as necessary for such Lender to share such excess payment with such Lenders to ensure such payment is applied as though it had been received by Agent and applied in accordance with this Agreement (or, if such application would then be at the discretion of Borrower, applied to repay the Obligations in accordance herewith); provided , however , that (a) if such payment is rescinded or otherwise recovered from such Lender in whole or in part, such purchase shall be rescinded and the purchase price therefor shall be returned to such Lender without interest and (b) such Lender shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, be able to exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of setoff) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of Borrower in the amount of such participation.
 10.15 Intercreditor Agreement . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Lien and security interest granted to Agent pursuant to this Agreement and the exercise of any right or remedy by Agent on behalf of the Lenders hereunder are subject to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control.
 10.16 Confidentiality Agreements . With respect to any confidentiality agreements between the Parties, notwithstanding any requirements or obligations of Agent to destroy or return documentation or proprietary 

 57 

information related to the Credit Parties, Agent will retain copies of any such documentation or information necessary to comply with the Investment Company Act of 1940 or other applicable laws . 10.17 Effect of Benchmark Transition Event . 
 (A) Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5 th Business Day after the Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Borrower so long as the Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 10.17 will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. 
 (B) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (C) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations . Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Agent shall notify the Borrower of (x) if any tenor of a Benchmark is not being used pursuant to Section 10.17(D) and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by Agent or Lenders pursuant to this Section 10.17, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 10.17. 
 (D) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Agent may elect to use another interest period for such Benchmark that is being published and is representative for any Benchmark settings at or after such time and to not use the unavailable or non-representative tenor or interest period and (ii) if a tenor that was not used pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Agent may again use such tenor or interest period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (E) Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Loans under this Agreement will be deemed to have converted into Base Rate Loans during the Benchmark Unavailability Period. 
 10.18 CION as Co-Lead Arranger . CION shall be a co-lead arranger of the facilities and commitments made available under this Agreement; provided, that this role shall not entitle CION to take any actions in such capacity except with the express prior written consent of Agent. 
 10.19 Judgment Currency . 
 
 58 

(a) If, for the purpose of (a) obtaining or enforcing judgment against any Credit Party in any court in any jurisdiction, it becomes necessary to convert into any other currency (such other currency being hereinafter in this Section 10.19 referred to as the Judgment Currency an amount due under any Loan Document in any currency (the Obligation Currency other than the Judgment Currency, the conversion shall be made at the rate of exchange prevailing on the Business Day immediately preceding the date of actual payment of the amount due, in the courts of any other jurisdiction that will give effect to such conversion being made on such date, or the date on which the judgment is given, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of any other jurisdiction (the applicable date as of which such conversion is made pursuant to this Section 10.19 being hereinafter in this Section 10.19 referred to as the Judgment Conversion Date ).
 (b) If, in the case of any proceeding in the court of any jurisdiction referred to in Section 10.19(a) there is a change in the rate of exchange prevailing between the Judgment Conversion Date and the date of actual receipt for value of the amount due, the applicable Credit Party or Credit Parties shall pay or be entitled to receive reimbursement of such additional amount (if any, but in any event not a lesser amount) as may be necessary to ensure that the amount actually received in the Judgment Currency, when converted at the rate of exchange prevailing on the date of payment, will produce the amount of the Obligation Currency which could have been purchased with the amount of the Judgment Currency stipulated in the judgment or judicial order at the rate of exchange prevailing on the Judgment Conversion Date. Any amount due from any Credit Party under this Section 10.19(b) shall be due as a separate debt and shall not be affected by judgment being obtained for any other amounts due under or in respect of any of the Loan Documents.
 (c) The term rate of exchange in this Section 10.19 means the rate of exchange at which Agent, on the relevant date at or about 12:00 noon (New York time), would be prepared to sell, in accordance with Agent s normal course foreign currency exchange practices, the Obligation Currency against the Judgment Currency.
 11. GUARANTEE 
 11.1 The Guarantee . The Guarantors that are not Canadian Credit Parties (the Non-Canadian Guarantors hereby jointly and severally guarantee, as a primary obligor and not as a surety to Agent and the Lenders and their respective successors and assigns, the prompt payment in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, demand, by acceleration or otherwise) of the principal of and interest on (including any interest, fees, costs or charges that would accrue but for the provisions of the Title 11 of the United States Code (or under the comparable provisions of any other Debtor Relief Law) after any bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed under Title 11 of the United States Code whether or not any such interest, fees, costs or charges are allowed in any proceeding thereunder) the Loan made by the Lenders to, and the Notes held by each Lender of, Borrower, and all other Obligations from time to time owing to Agent and the Lenders by any other Credit Party under any Loan Document (such obligations being herein collectively called the Guaranteed Obligations ). The Non-Canadian Guarantors hereby jointly and severally agree that if Borrower or other Non-Canadian Guarantor(s) shall fail to pay in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the Guarantors will promptly pay the same in cash, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal.
 11.2 Obligations Unconditional . The obligations of the Non-Canadian Guarantors under Section 11.1 shall constitute a guarantee of payment and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, are absolute, irrevocable and unconditional, joint and several, irrespective of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations of Borrower under this Agreement, the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or any substitution, release or exchange of any other guarantee of or security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations, and, irrespective of any other circumstance whatsoever that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or Non-Canadian Guarantor (except for payment in full). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is agreed that the occurrence of any one or more of the following shall not alter or impair the liability of the Non-Canadian Guarantors hereunder which shall remain absolute, irrevocable and unconditional under any and all circumstances as described above:

 59 

(a) at any time or from time to time, without notice to the Non-Canadian Guarantors, the time for any performance of or compliance with any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be extended, or such performance or compliance shall be waived; 
 (b) any of the acts mentioned in any of the provisions of this Agreement or the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein shall be done or omitted;
 (c) the maturity of any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be accelerated, or any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be amended in any respect, or any right under the Loan Documents or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein shall be amended or waived in any respect or any other guarantee of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security therefor shall be released or exchanged in whole or in part or otherwise dealt with;
 (d) any Lien or security interest granted to, or in favor of any Lender or Agent as security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall fail to be perfected; or 
 (e) the release of any other Non-Canadian Guarantor pursuant to Section 11.9 . 
 The Non-Canadian Guarantors hereby expressly waive diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever, and any requirement that Agent or any Lender exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against Borrower under this Agreement or the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or against any other person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of the Guaranteed Obligations. The Non-Canadian Guarantors waive any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension, waiver, termination or accrual of any of the Guaranteed Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance by Agent or any Lender upon this Guarantee or acceptance of this Guarantee, and the Guaranteed Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have been created, contracted or incurred in reliance upon this Guarantee, and all dealings between Borrower and Agent or any Lender shall likewise be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon this Guarantee. This Guarantee shall be construed as a continuing, absolute, irrevocable and unconditional guarantee of payment without regard to any right of offset with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations at any time or from time to time held by Agent or any Lender, and the obligations and liabilities of the Non-Canadian Guarantors hereunder shall not be conditioned or contingent upon the pursuit by Agent or any Lender or any other person at any time of any right or remedy against Borrower or against any other person which may be or become liable in respect of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or against any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto. This Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect and be binding in accordance with and to the extent of its terms upon the Non-Canadian Guarantors and the successors and assigns thereof, until payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations and shall inure to the benefit of Agent and the Lenders, and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 11.3 Reinstatement . The obligations of the Non-Canadian Guarantors under this Article XI shall be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that for any reason any payment by or on behalf of Borrower or other Credit Party in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must be otherwise restored by any holder of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether as a result of any proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization or otherwise.
 11.4 Subrogation; Subordination . Each Non-Canadian Guarantor hereby agrees that until the indefeasible payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all Guaranteed Obligations it shall waive any claim and shall not exercise any right or remedy, direct or indirect, arising by reason of any performance by it of its guarantee in Section 11.1 , whether by subrogation or otherwise, against Borrower or any other Non-Canadian Guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations. Any Indebtedness of any Credit Party permitted pursuant to Section 5.1(d) shall be subordinated to such Credit Party s Obligations in the manner set forth in the Intercompany Note evidencing such Indebtedness.
 
 60 

11.5 Remedies . The Non-Canadian Guarantors jointly and severally agree that, as between the Non-Canadian Guarantors and the Lenders, the obligations of Borrower under this Agreement and the Notes, if any, may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in Section 7.2 (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances provided in Section 7.2 for purposes of Section 11.1 , notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or such obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as against Borrower and that, in the event of such declaration (or such obligations being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), such obligations (whether or not due and payable by Borrower) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Non-Canadian Guarantors for purposes of Section 11.1 .
 11.6 Instrument for the Payment of Money . E ach Non-Canadian Guarantor hereby acknowledges that the guarantee in this Article XI constitutes an instrument for the payment of money, and consents and agrees that any Lender or Agent, at its sole option, in the event of a dispute by such Non-Canadian Guarantor in the payment of any moneys due hereunder, shall have the right to bring a motion-action under New York CPLR Section 3213.
 11.7 Continuing Guarantee . The guarantee in this Article XI is a continuing guarantee of payment, and shall apply to all Guaranteed Obligations whenever arising.
 11.8 General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations . In any action or proceeding involving any applicable corporate, limited partnership or limited liability company law, or any applicable Debtor Relief Law, if the obligations of any Non-Canadian Guarantor under Section 11.1 would otherwise be held or determined to be void, voidable, invalid or unenforceable, or subordinated to the claims of any other creditors, on account of the amount of its liability under Section 11.1 , then, notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, the amount of such liability shall, without any further action by such Non-Canadian Guarantor, any Credit Party or any other person, be automatically limited and reduced to the highest amount (after giving effect to the right of contribution established in Section 11.10 that is valid and enforceable and not subordinated to the claims of other creditors as determined in such action or proceeding.
 11.9 Release of Guarantors . If, in compliance with the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents, all or substantially all of the Equity Interests of any Non-Canadian Guarantor are sold or otherwise transferred (a Transferred Guarantor to a person or persons, none of which is Borrower or a Subsidiary, such Transferred Guarantor shall, upon the consummation of such sale or transfer, be automatically released from its obligations under this Agreement (including under Section 10.2 hereof) and its obligations to pledge and grant any Collateral owned by it pursuant to any Loan Document and the pledge of such Equity Interests to Agent pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be automatically released, and, so long as Borrower shall have provided Agent such certifications or documents as Agent shall reasonably request, Agent shall take such actions as are necessary to effect each release described in this Section 11.9 in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Loan Documents, so long as Borrower shall have provided Agent such certifications or documents as Agent shall reasonably request in order to demonstrate compliance with this Agreement.
 11.10 Right of Contribution . Each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby agrees that to the extent that a Subsidiary Guarantor shall have paid more than its proportionate share of any payment made hereunder, such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution from and against any other Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder which has not paid its proportionate share of such payment. Each Subsidiary Guarantor s right of contribution shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 11.4 . The provisions of this Section 11.10 shall in no respect limit the obligations and liabilities of any Subsidiary Guarantor to Agent and the Lenders, and each Subsidiary Guarantor shall remain liable to Agent and the Lenders for the full amount guaranteed by such Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder.
 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank, Next Page is Signature Page] 
 61 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement has been duly executed as of the date first written above. Williams Industrial Services Group Inc. , as Borrower and Grantor By: _____________________________ Name: Title: WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES GROUP, L.L.C. , as Borrower and Grantor By: _____________________________ Name: Title: WILLIAMS INDUSTRIAL SERVICES, LLC , as Borrower and Grantor By: _____________________________ Name: Title: Williams Specialty Services, LLC , as Borrower and Grantor By: _____________________________ Name: Title: Williams Plant Services, LLC , as Borrower and Grantor By: _____________________________ Name: Title: WILLIAMS GLOBAL SERVICES, INC. , as Borrower and Grantor By: _____________________________ Name: Title: 
 signature page term loan, guarantee and security agreement 

Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC , as Borrower and Grantor By: _____________________________ Name: Title: GLOBAL POWER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES INC. , as Guarantor and Grantor By: _____________________________ Name: Title: GPEG, LLC , as Guarantor and Grantor By: _____________________________ Name: Title: STEAM ENTERPRISES LLC , as Guarantor and Grantor By: _____________________________ Name: Title: WISG CANADA LTD. , as Guarantor and Grantor By: _____________________________ Name: Title: WISG NUCLEAR LTD. , as Guarantor and Grantor By: _____________________________ Name: Title: WISG ELECTRICAL LTD. , as Guarantor and Grantor By: _____________________________ Name: Title: 
 signature page term loan, guarantee and security agreement 

EICF AGENT LLC , as Agent for the Lenders By: Name: Title: ENERGY IMPACT CREDIT FUND I LP , as a Lender By: Energy Impact Credit Fund I GP LLC, its general partner By: Name: Title: 
 signature page term loan, guarantee and security agreement 

CION INVESTMENT CORPORATION , as a Lender By: Name: Title: Murray Hill Funding II, LLC , as a Lender By: Name: Title: 
 signature page term loan, guarantee and security agreement 

CROWDOUT CAPITAL LLC , as a Lender By: Name: Title: CROWDOUT CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND LLC , as a Lender By: Name: Title: 
 signature page term loan, guarantee and security agreement 

Schedule A Definitions Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall have (unless otherwise provided elsewhere in this Agreement or in the other Loan Documents) the following respective meanings: Acquisition Consideration shall mean the purchase consideration for any Permitted Acquisition and all other payments by any Credit Party in exchange for, or as part of, or in connection with, any Permitted Acquisition, whether paid in cash or by exchange of Equity Interests or of properties or otherwise and whether payable at or prior to the consummation of such Permitted Acquisition or deferred for payment at any future time, whether or not any such future payment is subject to the occurrence of any contingency, and includes any and all payments representing the purchase price and any assumptions of Indebtedness, earn-outs and other agreements to make any payment the amount of which is, or the terms of payment of which are, in any respect subject to or contingent upon the revenues, income, cash flow or profits (or the like) of any Person or business; provided that any such future payment that is subject to a contingency shall be considered Acquisition Consideration only to the extent of the reserve, if any, required under GAAP at the time of such sale to be established in respect thereof by any Credit Party. Act means the Small Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended and in effect from time to time, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Activation Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 3.26(e) . Adjusted Term SOFR shall mean, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment; provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than 1.0 , then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be 1.0 . Advances shall mean one or more Advances (as defined in the Revolving Loan Agreement) made by the lenders under the Revolving Loan Agreement, pursuant to the terms of the Revolving Loan Agreement, in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time not exceeding the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount (as defined in the Revolving Loan Agreement). Affected Lender has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.14(a) . Affiliate means, with respect to any Person: (i) each other Person that, directly or indirectly, owns or controls, whether beneficially, or as a trustee, guardian or other fiduciary, ten percent (10 or more of the Stock having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or (ii) each other Person that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person or any Affiliate of such Person. For the purpose of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of its management or policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. Agent means the Person identified as such in the preamble of this Agreement. Agreement means this Agreement including all appendices, exhibits or schedules attached or otherwise identified thereto, restatements and modifications and supplements thereto, and any appendices, exhibits or schedules to any of the foregoing, each as in effect at the time such reference becomes operative; provided , that except as specifically set forth in this Agreement, any reference to the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement shall be deemed a reference to the Disclosure Schedules as in effect on the Closing Date or in a written amendment thereto delivered by Borrower to Agent. Anti-Money Laundering Laws has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Anti-Money Laundering Measures has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Anti-Terrorism Laws has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . 
 Schedule A - 1 

Applicable Margin for any of the Term Loans, from and after January 1, 2023, shall be equal to 11.0 per annum. Asset Sale shall mean (a) any conveyance, sale, lease, sublease, assignment, transfer or other disposition (including by way of merger, amalgamation or consolidation and including any sale and leaseback transaction) of any property excluding sales of inventory and dispositions of cash and cash equivalents, in each case, in the ordinary course of business, by any Credit Party and (b) any issuance or sale of any Equity Interests of any Credit Party, in each case, to any Person other than (i) Borrower, (ii) any other Credit Party or (iii) other than for purposes of Section 5.4 , any other Subsidiary. Assignee has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(a) . Assignment Agreement has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(a) . Attributable Indebtedness shall mean, when used with respect to any sale and leaseback transaction, as at the time of determination, the present value (discounted at a rate equivalent to the applicable Borrower s then-current weighted average cost of funds for borrowed money as at the time of determination, compounded on a semi-annual basis) of the total obligations of the lessee for rental payments during the remaining term of the lease included in any such sale and leaseback transaction. Available Tenor shall mean, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor or interest period for such Benchmark that is not being used pursuant to Section 10.17(D). As of the date of this Agreement, the only Available Tenors are (a) for SOFR Loans, Adjusted Term SOFR based on Term SOFR with an interest period of 3 months, and (b) for Base Rate Loans under clause (d) of the definition of Base Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR for based on Term SOFR with an interest period of 1 month; provided, that Agent may select to use additional interest periods in accordance with the terms of Section 10.17(D) and such interest periods shall become Available Tenors upon such selection. Base Rate means, as of any date of determination, a variable rate of interest per annum equal to the highest of (a) two percent (2 ), (b) the Prime Rate as published by the Wall Street Journal as of such date of determination (or, if such rate ceases to be so published, as quoted from such other generally available and recognizable source as Agent may reasonably select), (c) the sum of (i) the Federal Funds Rate plus (ii) one-half of one percent (0.50 ), and (d) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such day plus 1.00 . Base Rate Loans means Loans bearing interest at rates determined by reference to the Base Rate. Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 10.17. Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of: (x) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (1) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (2) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (y) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than 1.00 per annum, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be 1.00 per annum for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Schedule A - 2 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (x) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (y) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar- denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Schedule A - 3 

Benchmark Transition Start Date means in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (1) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (2) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90 th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). Benchmark Unavailability Period means, the period, if any, (x) beginning at the time that such Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 10.17 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document pursuant to Section 10.17. Blocked Accounts has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.26(a) . Board of Directors means, with respect to any Person, (i) in the case of any corporation or unlimited liability corporation, the board of directors of such Person, (ii) in the case of any limited liability company, the sole member or manager or the board of managers of such Person, (iii) in the case of any partnership, the board of directors or the board of managers, as applicable, of the general partner of such Person and (iv) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. Books and Records means all books, records, board minutes, contracts, licenses, insurance policies, environmental audits, business plans, files, computer files, computer discs and other data and software storage and media devices, accounting books and records, financial statements (actual and pro forma), filings with Governmental Authorities and any and all records and instruments relating to the Collateral or each Grantor s business. Borrower means the Persons identified as such in the preamble of this Agreement. Borrowing Availability means the amounts available to be borrowed under Section 2.1(a) of the Revolving Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof without giving effect to any amendments or modifications thereto after the date hereof. Borrowing Base Certificate (and the definitions used in such term) shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Revolving Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof without giving effect to any amendments or modifications thereto after the date hereof, except to the extent permitted by the Intercreditor Agreement. Braden shall mean Braden Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Braden Mexico shall mean Braden Manufacturing SA de CV, a company formed under the laws of Mexico. BSA has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banks are required or permitted to be closed in the State of New York. Canadian Credit Party means WISG Canada, WISG Nuclear, WISG Electrical and each other Credit Party joined hereto from time to time who is formed or organized under the laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof. Canadian AML/Sanction Laws means Parts II.1, XII.2 and s. 354 of the Criminal Code (Canada), the Special Economic Measures Act (Canada), the United Nations Act (Canada), the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada), the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada), the Freezing Assets of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act (Canada), and the Justice for Victims of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act (Sergei Magnitsky Law) (Canada), in each case including all regulations promulgated thereunder and as amended from time to time. Canadian Insolvency Laws means any of the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), the Companies Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada), the Winding-up and Restructuring Act (Canada), and any other applicable 
 Schedule A - 4 

insolvency or other similar law of Canada or any province or territory thereof relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, assignments for the benefit of creditors, formal or informal moratoria, compositions, compromises or extensions generally with creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, recapitalization, arrangement, dissolution, liquidation, winding-up or other similar relief (including, without limitation, the Canadian corporate statutes when relied upon in connection with any of the foregoing, unless the reorganization or arrangement does not compromise the claims of creditors). Canadian Pension Plan means each plan, program or arrangement that is a registered pension plan as such term is defined under subsection 248(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada) or is subject to the funding requirements of applicable pension benefits legislation in any Canadian jurisdiction which is maintained, sponsored, administered or contributed to by a Credit Party or Subsidiary thereof. Capital Assets means, with respect to any Person, all equipment, fixed assets and Real Property or improvements of such Person, or replacements or substitutions therefor or additions thereto, that, in accordance with GAAP, have been or should be reflected as additions to property, plant or equipment on the balance sheet of such Person. Capital Expenditures means, with respect to any Person, all expenditures made directly or indirectly by the Credit Parties during such period for Capital Assets (whether paid in cash or other consideration, financed by the incurrence of Indebtedness or accrued as a liability). Capital Lease means, with respect to any Person, any lease of any property (whether real, personal or mixed) by such Person as lessee that, in accordance with GAAP, either would be required to be classified and accounted for as a capital lease on a balance sheet of such Person or otherwise would be disclosed as such in a note to such balance sheet, other than, in the case of Borrower, any such lease under which Borrower is the lessor; provided, no effect shall be given to any change to GAAP occurring after the Closing Date as a result of the adoption of any proposals set forth in the Proposed Accounting Standards Update, Leases (Topic 840), issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board on August 17, 2010, or any other proposals issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in connection therewith, in each case if such change would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) was not required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date. Capital Lease Obligation means, of any Person, the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as Capital Leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP, without giving effect to any change to GAAP as a result of the adoption of any proposals set forth in the Proposed Accounting Standards Update, Leases (Topic 840), issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board on August 17, 2010, or any other proposals issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in connection therewith, in each case if such change would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) was not required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date. Capital Provision Agreement means, collectively, (a) that certain Capital Provision Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2020, by and between Holdings and the capital providers thereunder identified on Disclosure Schedule (2) hereof (the Capital Providers ), pursuant to which the Capital Providers have agreed to extend financing to the Borrower for certain legal proceedings described on Disclosure Schedule (2) hereto (the Arbitration Proceeding and (b) that certain Security Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2020, by and between Holdings, as grantor and the Capital Providers, as secured parties, as each such agreement may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Capital Provision Documents means the Capital Provision Agreement and each agreement, document or instrument entered into between Holdings and the Capital Providers in connection with the foregoing. Captive Insurance Subsidiary means a wholly-owned Subsidiary of a Credit Party formed after the Closing Date that (a) provides bona fide risk-mitigation services for any Credit Party or the Credit Parties (and no other Persons), (b) is subject to regulation under applicable law as an insurance company, and (c) has been formed, and continues to be 
 Schedule A - 5 

operated, because the Credit Parties have reasonably determined that either (1) the Credit Parties cannot find a third-party insurer to insure them against particular business risks that the insurance subsidiary provides insurance for, (2) the premiums paid to the insurance subsidiary result in material tax savings for the Credit Parties (taken on a consolidated basis), and/or (3) the insurance provided by the insurance subsidiary is more affordable, and/or offers better coverage (taken as a whole), than is available from a third-party insurer. Cash Equivalents means (a) any readily-marketable securities (i) issued by, or directly, unconditionally and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States or Canadian federal government or (ii) issued by any agency of the United States or Canadian federal government the obligations of which are fully backed by the full faith and credit of the United States or Canadian federal government, (b) any readily-marketable direct obligations issued by any other agency of the United States or Canadian federal government, any state of the United States, any province or territory of Canada, or any political subdivision of any such state, province or territory or any public instrumentality thereof, in each case having a rating of at least A-1 from S P or at least P-1 from Moody s, (c) any commercial paper rated at least A-1 by S P or P-1 by Moody s and issued by any Person organized under the laws of any state of the United States or under the laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof, (d) any Dollar-denominated or Canadian Dollar-denominated time deposit, insured certificate of deposit, overnight bank deposit or bankers acceptance issued or accepted by (i) any Lender or (ii) any commercial bank that is (A) organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, or under the laws of Canada, (B) adequately capitalized (as defined in the regulations of its primary federal banking regulators) and (C) has Tier 1 capital (as defined in such regulations) in excess of 250,000,000 and (e) shares of any United States or Canadian money market fund that (i) has substantially all of its assets invested continuously in the types of investments referred to in clause (a) , (b) , (c) or (d) above with maturities as set forth in the proviso below, (ii) has net assets in excess of 500,000,000 and (iii) has obtained from either S P or Moody s the highest rating obtainable for money market funds in the United States or Canada; provided , however , that the maturities of all obligations specified in any of clauses (a) , (b) , (c) or (d) above shall not exceed 365 days. Cash Management System has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.26(a) . Casualty Event shall mean any involuntary loss of title or ownership, any involuntary loss of, damage to or any destruction of, or any condemnation or other taking (including by any Governmental Authority) of, any property of a Credit Party. Casualty Event shall include but not be limited to any taking of all or any part of any Real Property of any Person or any part thereof, in or by condemnation or other eminent domain proceedings pursuant to any Requirement of Law, or by reason of the temporary requisition of the use or occupancy of all or any part of any Real Property of any Person or any part thereof by any Governmental Authority, civil or military, or any settlement in lieu thereof. Change of Control means any event, transaction or occurrence as a result of which: (a) any Person or group (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) (i) shall have acquired beneficial ownership of 35 or more on a fully diluted basis of the voting and/or economic interest in the Equity Interests of Holdings or (ii) shall have obtained the power (whether or not exercised) to elect a majority of the members of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of Holdings; (b) the majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors (or similar governing body) of Holdings cease to be occupied by Persons who either (i) were members of the board of directors of Holdings on the Closing Date, or (ii) were nominated for election by the board of directors of Holdings, a majority of whom were directors on the Closing Date or whose election or nomination for election was previously approved by a majority of such directors; (c) except with respect to Braden, Braden Mexico and any Inactive Subsidiary, in each case, to the extent permitted by this Agreement, the Borrower fails to own 100 (on a fully diluted basis) of the voting and economic interests of the Equity Interests of its Subsidiaries; or (d) a Change of Control or term of similar import shall occur under the Revolving Loan Agreement. 
 Schedule A - 6 

Charges means all federal, state, provincial, territorial, county, city, municipal, local, foreign or other governmental taxes (including taxes owed to PBGC at the time due and payable), levies, customs or other duties, assessments, charges, liens, additional charges, interest, penalties, expenses, claims or encumbrances assessed or imposed by any Governmental Authority upon or relating to (i) the Collateral, (ii) the Obligations, (iii) the employees, payroll, income or gross receipts of any Credit Party, (iv) the ownership or use of any assets by any Credit Party, or (v) any other aspect of any Credit Party s business. Chubb Proceedings means the legal proceedings filed in October, 2020 against Chubb Group of Insurance Companies alleging the failure of Chubb to provide required insurance coverage for the payment of costs and expenses incurred by Holdings in connection with certain shareholder litigation and the prior restatement of its financial statements. Chief Executive Office means the chief executive office of any Credit Party as set forth on Disclosure Schedule 3.2 hereto . Closing Certificate means that certain closing certificate of Borrower delivered to Agent as of the Closing Date in substantially the form of Exhibit F. Closing Date means the Business Day on which the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2 have been satisfied or specifically waived in writing by Agent and the Term Loan has been made. Closing Date Term Loan Commitment means the commitment of each Lender under this Agreement to make or otherwise fund its portion of the Closing Date Term Loan as set forth on Schedule B attached hereto. The aggregate amount of the Closing Date Term Loan Commitments as of the Closing Date is 35,000,000. Code means the Uniform Commercial Code as the same may, from time to time, be in effect in the State of New York; provided, that in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the attachment, perfection or priority of, or remedies with respect to, Agent s Lien on any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, the term Code shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions of this Agreement relating to such attachment, perfection, priority or remedies and for purposes of definitions related to such provisions; provided further , that to the extent that the Code is used to define any term herein or in any Loan Document and such term is defined differently in different Articles or Divisions of the Code, the definition of such term contained in Article or Division 9 shall govern. Collateral has the meaning assigned to it in Section 6.1 . Collateral Documents means, collectively, the Pledge Agreements, the Mortgages, each Control Agreement, and all other U.S. and foreign law security agreements, pledge agreements, patent, trademark and industrial design security agreements, lease assignments, guarantees and other similar agreements, and all amendments, restatements, modifications or supplements thereof or thereto, by or between any one or more of any Credit Party, any of their respective Subsidiaries or any other Person pledging or granting a Lien on Collateral or guaranteeing the payment and performance of the Obligations, and any Lender or Agent for the benefit of Agent and the Lenders now or hereafter delivered to the Lenders or Agent pursuant to or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and all financing statements (or comparable documents now or hereafter filed in accordance with the UCC, PPSA or any other applicable law) against any such Person as debtor in favor of any Lender or Agent for the benefit of Agent and the Lenders, as secured party, as any of the foregoing may be amended, restated and/or modified from time to time. Compliance Certificate means a compliance certificate in the form attached as Exhibit E hereto executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower relating to the consolidated financial performance of the Credit Parties. Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Business Day, the definition of Base Rate and the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day , the addition of a concept of interest period , timing and 
 Schedule A - 7 

frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate and to permit the use and administration thereof by Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Consolidated Amortization Expense shall mean, for any period, the amortization expense of the Credit Parties for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Depreciation Expense shall mean, for any period, the depreciation expense of the Credit Parties for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated EBITDA shall mean, for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period, adjusted by (x) adding thereto, in each case only to the extent (and in the same proportion) deducted in determining such Consolidated Net Income and without duplication, the following: (a) Consolidated Interest Expense for such period,
 (b) Consolidated Amortization Expense for such period,
 (c) Consolidated Depreciation Expense for such period,
 (d) Consolidated Tax Expense for such period, 
 (e) any non-cash expense, loss or charge for such period, including any non-cash write-downs or non-cash write-offs including fixed asset impairments or write-downs, intangible asset impairments and deferred tax asset write-offs (except to the extent that such non-cash expense, loss or charge is reserved for cash expense, loss or charge to be taken in any future period) of the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries for such period,
 (f) any extraordinary losses and unusual or non-recurring charges, in each case, in cash, including, without limitation, any severance, integration, facilities closing or relocation costs and curtailments or modifications to pension and post retirement employee benefit plans in an aggregate amount not to exceed 500,000 in any Fiscal Year,
 (g) non-cash stock compensation expense,
 (h) non-cash expenses recognized due to purchase accounting,
 (i) one-time, non-recurring, customary and documented costs and expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, execution and delivery of the Loan Documents in an aggregate amount not to exceed 4,850,000,
 (j) the aggregate amount of all other non-cash charges, expenses or losses reducing Consolidated Net Income (including for certainty all unrealized foreign exchange losses but excluding any non-cash charge, expense or loss that results in an accrual of a reserve for cash charges in any future period and any non-cash charge, expense or loss relating to write-offs, write-downs or reserves with respect to accounts or inventory) for such period, 
 (k) non-recurring losses and expenses incurred in connection with projects executed by Jacksonville, Florida management of the Credit Parties, one-time costs and expenses incurred in connection with the transmission and distribution business segment start-up, non-recurring costs and expenses arising out of the implementation of an ERP system, non-recurring costs and expenses arising out of pro forma headcount reductions implemented by the Credit Parties, and non-recurring costs and expenses arising out of the 

 Schedule A - 8 

Champion/Powers litigation, in an aggregate amount not to exceed, (i) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2021, 264,190, (ii) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending September 30, 2021, 3,121,872, (iii) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31, 2021, 320,443, (iv) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31, 2022, 3,706,445, (v) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2022, 2,521,379, (vi) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending September 30, 2022, 5,000,000, and (vii) with respect to the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31, 2022, 6,900,000, and 
 (y) subtracting therefrom the aggregate amount of all non-cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income (including for certainty all unrealized foreign exchange gains but excluding the accrual of revenue or recording of receivables in the ordinary course of business) for such period. Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any Permitted Acquisitions and Asset Sales (other than any dispositions in the ordinary course of business) consummated at any time on or after the first day of the measuring period and prior to the date of determination as if each such Permitted Acquisition had been effected on the first day of such period and as if each such Asset Sale had been consummated on the day prior to the first day of such period. Consolidated Fixed Charges means, for any period, the sum (without duplication) of (a) Consolidated Interest Expense, and (b) the aggregate amount of scheduled principal payments in respect of Indebtedness, including that portion of rental payments with respect to Capital Leases which is or should be applied as a reduction to the principal of such Capital Leases, determined on a consolidated basis for the Credit Parties and their respective Subsidiaries in conformity with GAAP. Consolidated Indebtedness shall mean, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount of all Indebtedness of the Credit Parties, and all letter of credit exposure of the Credit Parties under the Revolving Loan Agreement, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Interest Expense shall mean, for any period, the total consolidated interest expense of the Credit Parties for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, excluding upfront financing fees paid under the Fee Letters or under the Revolving Loan Documents, plus , without duplication: (a) imputed interest on Capital Lease Obligations and Attributable Indebtedness of the Credit Parties for such period; (b) commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed by any Credit Party with respect to letters of credit securing financial obligations, bankers acceptance financing and receivables financings for such period; (c) amortization of debt issuance costs, debt discount or premium and other financing fees and expenses incurred by any Credit Party for such period; (d) cash contributions to any employee stock ownership plan or similar trust made by any Credit Party to the extent such contributions are used by such plan or trust to pay interest or fees to any Person (other than interest paid to Borrower or a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Borrower in connection with Indebtedness incurred by such plan or trust for such period; (e) all interest paid or payable with respect to discontinued operations of any Credit Party for such period; (f) the interest portion of any deferred payment obligations of any Credit Party for such period; (g) all interest on any Indebtedness of the Credit Parties of the type described in clause (f) or (k) of the definition of Indebtedness for such period. Consolidated Interest Expense shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred for ordinary course working capital needs under ordinary course revolving credit facilities) incurred, assumed or permanently repaid or extinguished at any time on or after the first day of the measuring period 
 Schedule A - 9 

and prior to the date of determination in connection with any Permitted Acquisitions and Asset Sales (other than any dispositions in the ordinary course of business) as if such incurrence, assumption, repayment or extinguishing had been effected on the first day of such period. Consolidated Net Income shall mean, for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of the Credit Parties determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP plus the net income (or loss) of the Permitted Joint Ventures; provided that there shall be excluded from such net income (to the extent otherwise included therein), without duplication: (a) the net income (or loss) of any Person (other than a Subsidiary of any Credit Party), including any Permitted Joint Venture, in which any Person other than a Credit Party or its Subsidiaries also has an ownership interest, except to the extent that cash in an amount equal to any such income has actually been received by such Credit Party or (subject to clause (b) below) any of its Subsidiaries during such period; (b) the net income of any Subsidiary of any Credit Party during such period to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary of that income is not permitted by operation of the terms of its Organizational Documents or any agreement, instrument or Requirement of Law applicable to that Subsidiary during such period; (c) any gain (or loss), together with any related provisions for taxes on any such gain (or the tax effect of any such loss), realized during such period by any Credit Party upon any Asset Sale (other than any dispositions in the ordinary course of business) by any Credit Party; (d) gains and losses due solely to fluctuations in currency values and the related tax effects determined in accordance with GAAP for such period; (e) earnings resulting from any reappraisal, revaluation or write-up of assets; (f) unrealized gains and losses with respect to Hedging Obligations for such period; and (g) any extraordinary gain (or extraordinary loss), together with any related provision for taxes on any such gain (or the tax effect of any such loss), recorded or recognized by any Credit Party during such period. Consolidated Tax Expense shall mean, for any period, the tax expense of the Credit Parties, for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Working Capital shall mean, for any period, the working capital (current assets (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) minus current liabilities (other than Revolving Advances under the Revolving Loan Agreement and any of Borrower s current liabilities on such Revolving Advances and current maturities of long term Indebtedness) of the Credit Parties, for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Contingent Obligation shall mean, as to any Person, any obligation, agreement, understanding or arrangement of such Person guaranteeing or intended to guarantee any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations primary obligations of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent, (a) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor; (b) to advance or supply funds (i) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (ii) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor; (c) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation; (d) with respect to bankers acceptances, letters of credit and similar credit arrangements, until a reimbursement obligation arises (which reimbursement obligation shall constitute Indebtedness); or (e) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the holder of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof; provided , however , that the term Contingent Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business or any product warranties. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Contingent Obligation is made (or, if less, the maximum amount of such primary obligation for which such Person may 
 Schedule A - 10 

be liable, whether singly or jointly, pursuant to the terms of the instrument evidencing such Contingent Obligation) or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder) as determined by such Person in good faith. Contractual Obligation means as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument, or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. Control Agreement means a deposit account control agreement and/or lock box agreement among any financial institution at which a Blocked Account is maintained, the Agent and the applicable Credit Party, which shall provide, among other things, that such financial institution executing such agreement has no rights of setoff or recoupment or any other claim against such Blocked Account other than for payment of its service fees and other charges directly related to the administration of such account, and shall give the Agent (i) in the case of Blocked Accounts at offices located in the United States, control of such Blocked Account as such term is defined in Section 9-104 of the Code, or (ii) in the case of Blocked Account at offices located in Canada, de facto control of such Blocked Accounts, in each case subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. Copyrights shall mean all of the following now owned or hereafter adopted or acquired by any Person: (i) all copyrights in any original work of authorship fixed in any tangible medium of expression, now known or later developed, all registrations and applications for registration of any such copyrights in the United States or any other country, including registrations, recordings and applications, and supplemental registrations, recordings, and applications in the United States Copyright Office and the Canadian Intellectual Property Office; and (ii) all Proceeds of the foregoing, including license royalties and proceeds of infringement suits, the right to sue for past, present and future infringements, all rights corresponding thereto throughout the world and all renewals and extensions thereof. Credit Parties means the Borrower and the Guarantors. Debt Issuance shall mean the incurrence by any Credit Party of any Indebtedness after the Closing Date (other than as permitted by Section 5.1 ). Debtor Relief Laws means the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the Canadian Insolvency Laws, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States, Canada or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. Default means any Event of Default or any event that, with the passage of time or notice or both, would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. Default Rate has the meaning assigned to it in Section 1.5(c) . Delayed Draw Term Loan has the meaning assigned to it in Section 1.1(b) . Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request means each Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing Request delivered to Agent in substantially the form of Exhibit J pursuant to Section 1.1(b) . Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment means any Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment and any Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment. Delayed Draw Term Loan Funded Amount means, with respect to any Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan funded by such Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender. Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender means any Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender and any Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender. Designated Person has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3.22(a) . 
 Schedule A - 11 

Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan has the meaning assigned to it in Section 1.1(b) . Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment means the maximum amount, if any, that each Lender under this Agreement may make or otherwise fund as Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loans, which maximum amount is set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule B or as otherwise documented by such Lender under the Loan Documents , as adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. The aggregate amount of the Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date is 3,500,000. Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Expiration Date means the earliest of (a) the date on which the Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments are terminated and have been reduced to zero (0), (b) the date on which the entire amount of the Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments has been borrowed, or (c) April 30, 2023. Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender means each of those certain financial institutions set forth on Schedule B attached hereto that has a Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment as set forth on Schedule B hereto and such other financial institutions that may from time to time make a Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan under the Loan Documents, and if at any time any Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender shall decide to assign or syndicate all or any of its Discretionary Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment subject to Section 8(a) of this Agreement, such term shall include such assignee or such other members of the syndicate. Disqualified Capital Stock shall mean, with respect to any Person, any Equity Interest which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event, (a) matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Capital Stock), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, on or prior to the first anniversary of the Maturity Date, (b) is convertible into or exchangeable (unless at the sole option of the issuer thereof) for (i) debt securities or (ii) any Equity Interests referred to in (a) above, in each case at any time on or prior to the first anniversary of the Maturity Date, or (c) contains any repurchase obligation which may come into effect prior to payment in full of all Obligations; provided , however , that any Equity Interests that (x) would not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock but for provisions thereof giving holders thereof (or the holders of any security into or for which such Equity Interests is convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) the right to require the issuer thereof to redeem such Equity Interests upon the occurrence of a change in control or an asset sale occurring shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock or (y) are issued pursuant to a plan for the benefit of employees of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interests shall not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests solely because they may be required to be repurchased by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations (provided, further, that Credit Parties shall only be permitted to make redemptions and/or repurchases of such Equity Interests in accordance with the terms of Section 5.7). Distributions shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Credit Party, all dividends, cash, options, warrants, rights, instruments, distributions, returns of capital or principal, income, interest, profits and other property, interests (debt or equity), or proceeds, including as a result of a split, revision, reclassification or other like change of the Pledged Securities, from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed to such Credit Party in respect of or in exchange for any or all of the Pledged Securities. Dollars or means lawful currency of the United States of America. Embargoed Person means any party that (i) is publicly identified on the most current list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons published by the OFAC or resides, is organized or chartered in a country or territory subject to OFAC sanctions or embargo programs or (ii) is publicly identified as prohibited from doing business with the United States under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the Trading With the Enemy Act, or any other Requirement of Law relating to terrorism, trade sanctions programs and embargoes, money-laundering or bribery. Environmental Laws means all federal, state, provincial, territorial and local laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations, now or hereafter in effect, and in each case as amended or supplemented from time to time, and any 
 Schedule A - 12 

applicable judicial or administrative interpretation thereof relating to the regulation and protection of human health, safety, the environment and natural resources (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, wetlands, land surface or subsurface strata, wildlife, aquatic species and vegetation). Environmental Liabilities means all liabilities, obligations, responsibilities, remedial actions, removal costs, losses, damages of whatever nature, costs and expenses (including all reasonable fees, disbursements and expenses of counsel, experts and consultants and costs of investigation and feasibility studies), fines, penalties, sanctions and interest incurred as a result of any claim, suit, action or demand of whatever nature by any Person and which relate to any health or safety condition regulated under any Environmental Law, environmental permits or in connection with any Release, threatened Release, or the presence of a Hazardous Material. Equity Interest shall mean, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents, including membership interests (however designated, whether voting or nonvoting), of equity of such Person, including, if such Person is a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited) and any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of property of, such partnership, whether outstanding on the date hereof or issued after the Closing Date, but excluding debt securities convertible or exchangeable into such equity. Equity Issuance shall mean, without duplication, (i) any issuance or sale by Holdings after the Closing Date of any Equity Interests in Holdings (including any Equity Interests issued upon exercise of any warrant or option) or any warrants or options to purchase Equity Interests or (ii) any contribution to the capital of Holdings; provided , however , that an Equity Issuance shall not include (x) any Preferred Stock Issuance or Debt Issuance, (y) any such sale or issuance by Holdings of not more than an aggregate amount of five percent (5.0 of its Equity Interests (including its Equity Interests issued upon exercise of any option, warrant, convertible security or option or warrants or options to purchase its Equity Interests but excluding Disqualified Capital Stock), in each case, to directors, officers or employees of any Credit Party and (z) any Excluded Issuance. ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (or any successor legislation thereto), as amended from time to time, and any regulations promulgated thereunder. ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with any Credit Party, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the IRC, or, solely for the purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the IRC, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the IRC. ERISA Event shall mean (a) any reportable event , as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) the existence with respect to any Plan of an accumulated funding deficiency (as referenced in Section 412 of the IRC or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412 of the IRC or Section 303 of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any material liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan in an involuntary termination proceeding; (f) the incurrence by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability with respect to any withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. Event of Default has the meaning assigned to it in Section 7.1 . Excess Cash Flow means, with respect to any period, (a) the sum of (i) Consolidated EBITDA plus (ii) decreases in Consolidated Working Capital during such period, minus 
 Schedule A - 13 

(b) the sum of (i) Capital Expenditures (excluding the financed portion thereof and excluding any Capital Expenditures in such Fiscal Year to the extent in excess of the amount permitted to be made in such Fiscal Year pursuant to the Loan Documents), plus (ii) Consolidated Interest Expense paid or accrued (excluding any original issue discount, interest paid in kind or amortized debt discount, to the extent included in Consolidated Interest Expense) and scheduled principal payments paid or payable in respect of funded debt, plus (iii) increases in Consolidated Working Capital during such period; plus (iv) income and franchise taxes of Borrower and its Subsidiaries that were paid in cash during such period; plus or minus (as the case may be) (c) extraordinary gains or losses for such period which are cash items not included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income. Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. Excluded Accounts shall mean (a) any Deposit Account that is used solely for payroll, payroll taxes, other employee wage and benefit payments, or other fiduciary purposes, (b) any Excluded ZBA Disbursement Accounts, and (c) (i) only until and including, but not after, February 1, 2023 (or such later date as agreed to by Agent in its sole discretion), any Excluded Canadian Accounts and the Specified Canadian Account, and (ii) only until and including, but not after, June 30, 2023 (or such later date as agreed to by Agent in its sole discretion), the Specified Canadian Account. Excluded Asset means each of the following assets of a Credit Party provided , the term Excluded Asset shall not at any time include (x) the Proceeds, products, substitutions or replacements of any such asset or (y) any asset that at any time ceases to satisfy the criteria to constitute an Excluded Asset (whether as a result of any Credit Party obtaining any applicable consent, any regulatory change, or otherwise)): (a) any leasehold interest in Real Property and any fee-owned Real Property other than Material Owned Real Property; (b) until such date as all Secured Obligations (as such term is defined in the Capital Provision Agreement as in effect as of the Closing Date) have been satisfied in full and the Capital Provision Agreement has been terminated, the Collateral, as such term is defined in the Capital Provision Agreement in effect on the Closing Date, in which the Borrower previously has granted a security interest to the Capital Providers in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding (as such term is defined in the definition of Capital Provision Agreement); provided, however, it is understood and agreed that in the event any amounts are paid to the Borrower in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding, whether pursuant to an arbitration award, settlement of the Arbitration Proceeding or otherwise (collectively, an Arbitration Recovery ), the Proceeds of such Arbitration Recovery (calculated after giving effect to the payment of all obligations owing by the Borrower to the litigation finance partner pursuant to written agreements between the Borrower and such litigation finance partner, costs, fees and expenses incurred or payable by the Borrower in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding, including, without limitation, all legal costs and disbursements incurred or made by the Borrower in connection with the Arbitration Proceeding) shall not, for the avoidance of doubt, constitute Excluded Assets and Agent shall have a Lien on such Proceeds; provided, that the priority of any Lien of Agent on such Proceeds shall be subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement; (c) any lease, license, contract, property right or agreement to which any Credit Party is a party or any of its rights or interests thereunder if and for so long as the grant of the security interest to Agent with respect thereto is prohibited by applicable law; provided that such asset shall no longer be an Excluded Asset immediately at such time the grant of a security interest therein shall no longer be prohibited by applicable law; (d) property subject to a purchase money security agreement or Capital Lease to the extent and for so long as (i) the documentation providing for such purchase money indebtedness or capital lease prohibits the creation of a lien on such assets or (ii) otherwise requires consent (unless such consent has been obtained (it being understood that there shall be no obligation to obtain such consent)); provided that such assets shall no longer be an Excluded Asset immediately at such time as the contractual prohibition, or consent right, shall no longer be applicable and to the extent severable, shall attach immediately to any portion of such assets that is not subject to such prohibition or consent right, 
 Schedule A - 14 

(e) any lease, license, contract, property right or agreement to which any Credit Party is a party, in each case in existence on the Closing Date or upon acquisition of the relevant Subsidiary party thereto, or any of its rights or interests thereunder: (i) if and for so long as the grant of the security interest to Agent with respect thereto (A) shall constitute or result in the abandonment, invalidation or unenforceability of any right, title or interest of any Credit Party therein, (B) shall constitute or result in a breach, default or termination pursuant to the terms thereof, other than to the extent that any such term would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law or principles of equity, or (C) otherwise requires consent thereunder (unless such consent has been obtained (it being understood that there shall be no obligation to obtain such consent)); and (ii) such prohibition, termination right or consent requirement is not entered into in contemplation of the Loan Documents; provided that such asset shall no longer be an Excluded Asset immediately at such time as the condition causing such abandonment, invalidation, unenforceability, breach, default or termination shall be remedied and to the extent severable, shall attach immediately to any portion of such asset that does not result in any of the consequences specified herein; (f) any intent-to-use trademark application, filed pursuant to Section 1(b) of the Lanham Act, 17 USC. 1051(b), prior to the filing of a Statement of Use or Amendment to Allege Use with respect thereto (as each is defined in such act), to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant of the security interest of Agent with respect thereto would impair the validity or enforceability of such intent-to-use trademark application or any registration that issues from such intent-to-use application under applicable federal law; (g) other than as specifically provided in this definition, any asset with respect to which Agent shall have reasonably determined in good faith that the burden or cost of obtaining a security interest in such asset exceeds the practical benefit to the Agent and secured parties of the security to be afforded thereby. Excluded Canadian Accounts means the bank accounts of the Credit Parties with TD Canada Trust with account numbers as previously identified to Agent in writing with account numbers ending 5616, 2137, 1733, 1806, 1865, 1698, 1701, 4948 and 1951. Excluded Issuance shall mean an issuance and sale of Qualified Capital Stock of Holdings, to the extent such Qualified Capital Stock is used, or the Net Cash Proceeds thereof shall be, within forty-five (45) days of the consummation of such issuance and sale, used, without duplication, to finance Capital Expenditures. Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes; (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. or Canadian federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 1.7 , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office; (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 8(b) ; (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA; and (e) taxes imposed under Part XIII of the Income Tax Act (Canada) on amounts paid by a Canadian Credit Party that arise as a consequence of the recipient of the payment (i) not dealing at arm s length (within the meaning of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) with the Canadian Credit Party, (ii) being a specified non-resident shareholder (within the meaning of subsection 18(5) of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) of the Canadian Credit Party, or (iii) not dealing at arm s length (within the meaning of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) with a specified shareholder (within the meaning of subsection 18(5) of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) of the Canadian Credit Party. Excluded ZBA Disbursement Accounts has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 3.26(b). Executive Orders has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . 
 Schedule A - 15 

Existing Letters of Credit means those letters of credit outstanding as of the Closing Date and set forth on Disclosure Schedule (5.1) , issued by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association for the account of Holdings or its Subsidiaries. Extraordinary Receipts means any cash received by or paid to or for the account of any Credit Party not in the ordinary course of business (and not consisting of any Proceeds described in any of Section 1.2(c) through (f) ), including Proceeds from the Arbitration Recovery, the Chubb Proceedings and/or the Koontz-Wagner Bankruptcy Proceedings, life insurance proceeds, purchase price and other monetary adjustments made in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or other acquisition permitted under the Loan Documents and/or indemnification payments made in connection with any such Permitted Acquisition or acquisition of substantially all of the assets or Equity Interests of another Person; provided , that Extraordinary Receipt shall exclude (a) working capital adjustments in connection with any such Permitted Acquisition or acquisition, and (b) indemnification payments received by any Credit Party pertaining to any such Permitted Acquisition or acquisition to the extent that the amounts so received are applied (within 90 days after receipt) for the purpose of remedying the condition giving rise to the claim for indemnification. FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the IRC, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the IRC and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the IRC. Fee Letters has the meaning assigned to it in Section 1.6 . Fees means any and all fees due to Agent as set forth in Section 1.6 . Fifth Amendment means that certain Fifth Amendment to this Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2023, by and among the Credit Parties, the Agent and the Lenders party thereto. Financial Statements means, with respect to any Person, the income statement, balance sheet and statement of cash flows of such Person, prepared for the time period specified and prepared in accordance with GAAP setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for such time period the previous year, certified by a Responsible Officer as being fairly stated in all material respects. Fiscal Month means any of the monthly accounting periods of Borrower. Fiscal Quarter means any of the quarterly accounting periods of Borrower. Fiscal Year means the twelve (12) month period of Borrower ending December 31 of each year. Subsequent changes of the fiscal year of Borrower shall not change the term Fiscal Year unless Agent shall consent in writing to such change. Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, with respect to any Person for any measuring period of twelve (12) Fiscal Months, the ratio of (a) (i) Consolidated EBITDA for such measuring period minus (ii) Capital Expenditures for such measuring period (other than any Capital Expenditures financed by the incurrence of Indebtedness permitted under this Agreement), minus (iii) United States, Canadian, state, provincial, local and foreign taxes paid by such Person in cash during such period, minus (iv) any Restricted Payments to the extent actually made (provided that this clause shall not impair or modify any restriction on the making of a Restricted Payment that is not permitted to be made under this Agreement or the Loan Documents) during such period, minus (v) payments on the Permitted Koontz-Wagner Pension Plan Obligations to the extent actually made (provided that this clause (vi) shall not impair or modify any restriction on the making of a payment that is not permitted to be made under this Agreement or the Loan Documents), minus (vii) investments in Permitted Joint Ventures in accordance with Section 5.3 paid by such Person during such period, to (b) Consolidated Fixed Charges for such measuring period; provided that: (A) the Consolidated EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2020 and September 30, 2020 shall be deemed to be 4,988,638 and 4,053,202, respectively; 
 Schedule A - 16 

(B) all amounts under this definition (other than as set forth in clause (A) above) for the trailing twelve (12) Fiscal Month period ending March 31, 2021, shall mean all such amounts during the period from December 31, 2020 to March 31, 2021, multiplied by 4; (C) all amounts under this definition (other than as set forth in clause (A) above) for the trailing twelve (12) Fiscal Month period ending June 30, 2021, shall mean all such amounts during the period from December 31, 2020 to June 30, 2021, multiplied by 2; and (D) all amounts under this definition (other than as set forth in clause (A) above) for the trailing twelve (12) Fiscal Month period ending September 30, 2021, shall mean all such amounts during the period from December 31, 2020 to September 30, 2021, multiplied by 12/9. Fourth Amendment means that certain Fourth Amendment to this Agreement, dated as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Credit Parties, the Agent and the Lenders party thereto. Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan has the meaning assigned to it in Section 1.1(b). Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment means the maximum amount, if any, that each Lender under this Agreement may make or otherwise fund as Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loans, which maximum amount is set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule B or as otherwise documented by such Lender under the Loan Documents , as adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. The aggregate amount of the Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date is 1,500,000. Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender means each of those certain financial institutions set forth on Schedule B attached hereto that has a Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment as set forth on Schedule B hereto and such other financial institutions that may from time to time make a Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan under the Loan Documents, and if at any time any Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender shall decide to assign or syndicate all or any of its Fourth Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment subject to Section 8(a) of this Agreement, such term shall include such assignee or such other members of the syndicate. Fourth Amendment Effective Date means February 24, 2023. Foreign Lender shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 8(b)(ii) . Foreign Subsidiary means a Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia or Canada or any province or territory thereof. Formula Amount (and the definitions used in such term) shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Revolving Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof without giving effect to any amendments or modifications thereto after the date hereof, except to the extent permitted by the Intercreditor Agreement. GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as in effect from time to time, consistently applied. Governmental Authority means any nation or government, any state, province, territory or other political subdivision thereof, and any agency, department or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government. GPEG means GPEG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Grantor means Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor. Guaranteed Indebtedness means, as to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing any indebtedness, lease, dividend, or other obligation primary obligations of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, 
 Schedule A - 17 

including any obligation or arrangement of such guaranteeing Person (whether or not contingent): (i) to purchase or repurchase any such primary obligation; (ii) to advance or supply funds (a) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (b) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency or any balance sheet condition of the primary obligor; (iii) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation; or (iv) to indemnify the owner of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof. Guaranteed Obligations shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 11.1 . Guarantees shall mean the guarantees issued pursuant to Article XI by Holdings and the Subsidiary Guarantors. Guarantors means Holdings and the Subsidiary Guarantors. Hazardous Material means any substance, material or waste that is regulated by or forms the basis of liability now or hereafter under, any Environmental Law, including any material or substance that is (a) defined as a solid waste, hazardous waste, hazardous material, hazardous substance, extremely hazardous waste, restricted hazardous waste, pollutant, contaminant, hazardous constituent, special waste, toxic substance or other similar term or phrase under any Environmental Law, (b) petroleum or any fraction or by-product thereof, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), or any radioactive substance. Hedging Agreement shall mean any swap, cap, collar, forward purchase or similar agreements or arrangements dealing with interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices, either generally or under specific contingencies. Hedging Obligations shall mean obligations under or with respect to Hedging Agreements. Inactive Subsidiary shall mean each of GPEG, Power and Steam. Indebtedness of any Person shall mean, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or advances; (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments; (c) all obligations of such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid or accrued, other than trade accounts payable, taxes and utility charges incurred in the ordinary course of business on customary terms and not overdue by more than 120 days, except, in the case of such accounts payable overdue by more than 120 days, such accounts payable are being contested in good faith and reserves have been made; (d) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property purchased by such Person to the extent of the value of such property (other than customary reservations or retentions of title under agreements with suppliers entered into in the ordinary course of business); (e) all obligations of such Person issued or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding (i) trade accounts payable and accrued obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business on normal trade terms and not overdue by more than 120 days, except for accounts payable being contested in good faith and for which reserves have been made, (ii) any earn-out obligation until such obligation is due and payable and (iii) deferred or equity compensation arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business and payable to directors, officers and employees made in accordance with Section 5.7(vii)); (f) all Indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) of others secured by any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the obligations secured thereby have been assumed, but limited to the fair market value of such property; (g) all Capital Lease Obligations, Purchase Money Obligations and synthetic lease obligations of such Person; (h) all Hedging Obligations to the extent required to be reflected on a balance sheet of such Person; (i) all Attributable Indebtedness of such Person; (j) all obligations of such Person for the reimbursement of any obligor in respect of letters of credit, letters of guarantee, bankers acceptances and similar credit transactions; (k) the principal balance outstanding under any synthetic lease, off-balance sheet loan or similar off-balance sheet financing product; (l) all obligations, whether or not contingent, to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise acquire for value any of its own Stock or Stock Equivalents (or any Stock or Stock Equivalent of a direct or indirect parent entity thereof) prior to the date that is 180 days after the Stated Maturity Date valued at, in the case of redeemable preferred Stock, the greater of the voluntary liquidation preference and the involuntary liquidation preference of such Stock plus accrued and unpaid dividends; and (m) all Contingent Obligations of such Person in respect of Indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (a) through (l) above. 
 Schedule A - 18 

The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except (other than in the case of general partner liability) to the extent that terms of such Indebtedness expressly provide that such Person is not liable therefor . Indemnified Liabilities and Indemnified Person have the respective meanings assigned to them in Section 1.10 . Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. Industrial Design means, with respect to any Person and throughout the world, all of the following now owned or hereafter acquired by such Person: (i) all industrial designs, intangibles of like nature and any work subject to the design laws of Canada or any other country, (ii) all registrations and applications for registrations of any such industrial designs in Canada or any other country, including registrations in the Canadian Intellectual Property Office, (iii) income, fees, royalties, damages, claims and payments now and hereafter due or payable under and with respect thereto, including payments under all licenses entered into in connection therewith and damages and payments for past, present, or future infringements thereof, (iv) the right to sue for past, present, and future infringements thereof, and (v) rights corresponding thereto throughout the world. Insurance Requirements means, collectively, all provisions of the insurance policies, all requirements of the issuer of any of the insurance policies and all orders, rules, regulations and any other requirements of the National Board of Fire Underwriters (or any other body exercising similar functions) binding upon each Credit Party which is an owner of Mortgaged Property and applicable to the Mortgaged Property or any use or condition thereof. Intellectual Property means any and all Licenses, Patents, Copyrights, Trademarks, Industrial Designs, trade secrets and customer lists. Intercreditor Agreement means that certain Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of even date herewith, among Agent and the Revolving Agent, as amended from time to time in accordance with its terms. IRC and IRS mean respectively, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Internal Revenue Service, and any successors thereto. Joinder Agreement means each Joinder Agreement of a new Subsidiary delivered to the Agent after the Closing Date in substantially the form of Exhibit H pursuant to Sections 1.12 and 3.28(b) . Judgment Conversion Date has the meaning given to such term in Section 10.19 . Judgment Currency has the meaning given to such term in Section 10.19 . Lender means each of those certain financial institutions set forth on Schedule B attached hereto, and if at any time any Lender shall decide to assign or syndicate all or any of the Obligations subject to Section 8(a) of this Agreement, such term shall include such assignee or such other members of the syndicate. Liabilities means all claims, actions, suits, judgments, damages, losses, liability, obligations, responsibilities, fines, penalties, sanctions, costs, fees, taxes, commissions, charges, disbursements and expenses, in each case of any kind or nature (including interest accrued thereon or as a result thereto and fees, charges and disbursements of financial, legal and other advisors and consultants), whether joint or several, whether or not indirect, contingent, consequential, actual, punitive, treble or otherwise. LIBOR means, for each Fiscal Quarter, the greater of (a) one percent (1.0 per annum and (b) the offered rate per annum for deposits of Dollars for an interest period of 3 months that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR 01 Page as of 11:00 A.M. (London, England time) two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of each Fiscal Quarter or, for the period from the Closing Date until the end of the first Fiscal Quarter after the Closing Date, prior to the Closing Date, or if no such offered rate exists, such rate will be the rate of interest per annum, as determined by Agent at which 
 Schedule A - 19 

deposits of Dollars in immediately available funds are offered at 11:00 A.M. (London, England time) two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of each Fiscal Quarter by major financial institutions reasonably satisfactory to Agent in the interbank market for such Fiscal Quarter for the applicable principal amount on such date of determination. Licenses shall mean, with respect to each Grantor, all license and distribution agreements with, and covenants not to sue, any other party with respect to any Patent, Trademark, Copyright or Industrial Design or any other patent, trademark, copyright or industrial design, whether such Grantor is a licensor or licensee, distributor or distributee under any such license or distribution agreement, together with any and all (i) renewals, extensions, supplements and continuations thereof, (ii) income, fees, royalties, damages, claims and payments now and hereafter due and/or payable thereunder and with respect thereto including damages and payments for past, present or future infringements or violations thereof, (iii) rights to sue for past, present and future infringements or violations thereof and (iv) other rights to use, exploit or practice any or all of the Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights or Industrial Design or any other patent, trademark, copyright or industrial design. Lien means any mortgage, security deed or deed of trust, deemed trust (statutory or otherwise), pledge, hypothecation, hypothec, assignment, deposit arrangement, lien, charge, claim, security interest, security title, easement or encumbrance, or preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any lease or title retention agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the filing of, or agreement to give, any financing statement perfecting a security interest under the Code, the PPSA or comparable law of any jurisdiction). Liquidity means, as of any date of determination, the sum of (a) Credit Parties unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one more deposit accounts maintained by the Credit Parties with the Agent or at other banks or financial institutions as permitted under the Revolving Loan Agreement, plus (B) Borrowing Availability under the Revolving Credit Agreement, Lists has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Litigation means any claim, lawsuit, litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority. Loan has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.1 . Loan Documents means this Agreement, each Note, the Guarantee, each Mortgage (if any), the Pledge Agreement, the Control Agreements, the Fee Letters, each Power of Attorney, any waiver or consent of a landlord or mortgagee executed in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, and all other agreements, instruments, documents and certificates identified in Schedule D executed and delivered to, and in favor of, Agent and including all other agreements, pledges, consents, assignments, contracts and notices whether heretofore, now or hereafter executed by or on behalf of any Credit Party, or any employee of any Credit Party, and delivered to, and in favor of, Agent in connection with the Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby. Any reference in the Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, and shall refer to the Agreement or such Loan Document as the same may be in effect at any and all times such reference becomes operative. Mandatory Prepayments has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.2(b) . Margin Stock has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.8 . Material Adverse Effect means a fact, event, circumstance or other effect that, alone or with other facts, events, circumstances or other effects that (a) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change in the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, assets, liabilities (contingent or otherwise) or properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) impairs, or could reasonably be expected to impair, the ability of the Credit Parties to make any payment or perform any of their other obligations under the Loan Documents or the ability of the Agent or any Lender to enforce its rights and remedies under the Loan Documents, (c) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, in a material adverse effect on the liens, including the priority thereof, granted by the Credit Parties in the assets of the Credit Parties or (d) has resulted in, or 
 Schedule A - 20 

could reasonably be expected to result in, a material adverse effect on the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document. Material Holder means, with respect to any Credit Party, (a) any Person that owns or has the power to vote 25 or more of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Credit Party or other Persons performing similar functions for such Credit Party, or (b) any Person that has the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Credit Party whether by ownership of equity interests, contract or otherwise. Material Owned Real Property means (a) the Real Property owned by any Credit Party listed in the Perfection Certificate dated as of the Closing Date and (b) any other Real Property owned by a Credit Party or acquired by a Credit Party with a fair market value in excess of 1,000,000. Maturity Date means, with respect to the Term Loan, the earliest to occur of (i) the date of the termination of the acceleration of the maturity of any Obligations pursuant to Section 7.2 and (ii) the Stated Maturity Date. Maximum Lawful Rate has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.5(e) . Maximum Priority Revolving Loan Debt has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Intercreditor Agreement. Mortgage means any mortgage or deed of trust from the relevant Credit Party in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders relating to such Credit Party s real property owned as of the Closing Date, if any, and any other mortgage or deed of trust delivered to the Agent pursuant to Section 3.28 . Mortgaged Property shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Mortgages. Multiemployer Plan shall mean a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) or Section 3(37) of ERISA (a) to which any Grantor or any ERISA Affiliate is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions; (b) to which any Grantor or any ERISA Affiliate has within the preceding five plan years made contributions; or (c) with respect to which any Grantor could incur liability. Net Cash Proceeds shall mean: (a) with respect to any Asset Sale (other than any issuance or sale of Equity Interests), the cash proceeds received by any Credit Party (including cash proceeds subsequently received (as and when received by any Credit Party) in respect of non-cash consideration initially received) net of (i) selling expenses (including reasonable brokers fees or commissions, legal, accounting and other professional and transactional fees, transfer and similar taxes and Credit Party s good faith estimate of income taxes actually paid or payable in connection with such sale); (ii) amounts provided as a reserve, in accordance with GAAP, against (x) any liabilities under any indemnification obligations associated with such Asset Sale or (y) any other liabilities retained by any Credit Party associated with the properties sold in such Asset Sale provided that, to the extent and at the time any such amounts are released from such reserve, such amounts shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds); (iii) Credit Party s good faith estimate of payments required to be made with respect to unassumed liabilities relating to the properties sold within ninety (90) days of such Asset Sale provided that, to the extent such cash proceeds are not used to make payments in respect of such unassumed liabilities within ninety (90) days of such Asset Sale, such cash proceeds shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds); and (iv) the principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts on any Indebtedness for borrowed money which is secured by a Lien on the properties sold in such Asset Sale (so long as such Lien was permitted to encumber such properties under the Loan Documents at the time of such sale) and which is repaid with such proceeds (other than any such Indebtedness assumed by the purchaser of such properties); (b) with respect to any Debt Issuance, any Equity Issuance or any other issuance or sale of Equity Interests by any Credit Party (other than to another Credit Party), the cash proceeds thereof, net of customary 
 Schedule A - 21 

fees, commissions, costs and other expenses incurred in connection therewith (including reasonable attorney s, accountant s and other similar professional advisor s fees); and (c) with respect to any Casualty Event, the cash insurance proceeds, condemnation awards and other compensation received in respect thereof, net of all reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection with the collection of such proceeds, awards or other compensation in respect of such Casualty Event. Non-Funding Lender has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.13 . Note means any Term Note. NQAP License means all rights, permits, licenses, approvals and privileges (including all Permits) granted to a Person from time to time in connection with a Nuclear Quality Assurance Plan. NRC License means all rights, permits, licenses, approvals and privileges (including all Permits) granted to a Person from time to time by the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Obligations means all loans, advances, debts, expense reimbursement, fees, liabilities, and obligations for the performance of covenants, tasks or duties or for payment of monetary amounts (whether or not such performance is then required or contingent, or amounts are liquidated or determinable) owing by Borrower and any other Credit Party to the Lenders arising under any of the Loan Documents, of any kind or nature, present or future, and all covenants and duties regarding such amounts. This term includes all principal, interest, Fees, Charges, expenses, attorneys fees and any other sum chargeable to Borrower under any of the Loan Documents (including interest accruing at the then applicable rate provided in this Agreement after the maturity of the Loan, and Fees, Charges, costs, expenses and interest accruing at the then applicable rate provided in this Agreement after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest or a claim for such Fees, Charges, costs and expense is allowed in such proceeding), and all principal and interest due in respect of the Loan and all obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor under any Guarantee. OFAC has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . OFAC Laws and Regulations has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Officers Certificate means a certificate executed by the chairman of the Board of Directors (if an officer), the Chief Executive Officer or the president and one of the Responsible Officers, each in his or her official (and not individual) capacity. Organization Charts has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(s) . Organizational Documents shall mean, with respect to any Person, (i) in the case of any corporation or unlimited liability corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation, as applicable, and by-laws (or similar documents) of such Person, (ii) in the case of any limited liability company, the certificate of formation and operating agreement (or similar documents) of such Person, (iii) in the case of any limited partnership, the certificate of formation and limited partnership agreement (or similar documents) of such Person, (iv) in the case of any general partnership, the partnership agreement (or similar document) of such Person and (v) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. Other Lists has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 Schedule A - 22 

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment. Ownership Interests means, as applied to any Person, corporate stock and any and all securities, shares, partnership interests (whether general, limited, special or other), limited liability company interests, membership interests, equity interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated and of any character) of corporate stock of such Person or any of the foregoing issued by such Person (whether a corporation, a partnership, a limited liability company or another entity) and shall include securities convertible into Ownership Interests and rights, warrants or options to acquire Ownership Interests. Participant has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(a) . Participant Register has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(a) . Patents means all of the following in which any Person now holds or hereafter acquires any interest: (i) all letters patent and patents of the United States or any other country, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications for letters patent and patents of the United States or any other country, including registrations, recordings and applications in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the Canadian Intellectual Property Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any State or Territory thereof, or any other country; and (ii) all reissues, continuations, continuations-in-part or extensions thereof. Payment Date has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.1 . PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor thereto. Perfection Certificate means a certificate in the form of Exhibit A attached to this Agreement or any other form approved by the Agent, as the same shall be supplemented from time to time. Permit means, with respect to any Person, any permit, approval, authorization, license, registration, certificate, concession, grant, franchise, variance or permission from, and any other Contractual Obligations with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law and applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. Permitted Acquisition shall mean any transaction for the (a) acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets or property of any Person, or of any business or division of any Person; or (b) acquisition (including by merger or consolidation) of the Equity Interests of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after giving effect to such transaction; provided that each of the following conditions shall be met: (i) no Default then exists or would result therefrom; (ii) the Credit Parties shall have delivered to Agent a pro forma balance sheet, pro forma financial statements and a Compliance Certificate demonstrating that, both before and after giving effect to such transaction on a Pro Forma Basis, (A) Holdings and its Subsidiaries shall be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 4.2 as of the most recent Measuring period (assuming (x) for purposes of Section 4.2 , that such transaction, and all other Permitted Acquisitions consummated since the first day of the relevant measuring period ending on or prior to the date of such transaction, had occurred on the first day of such relevant measuring period and (y) if such transaction is to be consummated prior to the last day of the first measuring period for which the covenants in Section 4.2 are required to be satisfied, the levels required for such first measuring period shall be deemed to apply in determining compliance with such covenants for purposes of this clause (A) ), (B) the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed 3.25:1.00 (with such Total Leverage Ratio calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as described in the immediately preceding clause (A) and (C) the Borrower shall have Undrawn Availability (as defined in the Revolving Loan Agreement) of not less than 7,500,000; 
 Schedule A - 23 

(iii) no Credit Party shall, in connection with any such transaction, assume or remain liable with respect to any Indebtedness or other liability (including any material tax or ERISA liability) of the related seller or the business, Person or properties acquired, except obligations not constituting Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business and necessary or desirable to the continued operation of the underlying properties, and any other such liabilities or obligations not permitted to be assumed or otherwise supported by any Credit Party hereunder shall be paid in full or released as to the business, persons or properties being so acquired on or before the consummation of such acquisition; (iv) the Person or business to be acquired shall be, or shall be engaged in, a business of the type that the Credit Parties are permitted to be engaged in under Section 5.6 and the property acquired in connection with any such transaction shall be made subject to the Lien of the Loan Documents and shall be free and clear of any Liens, other than Permitted Liens; (v) with respect to the acquisition of Equity Interests, the Person to be acquired shall (i) have a positive Consolidated EBITDA, calculated in accordance with GAAP immediately prior to such acquisition, (ii) be added as a Borrower or a Guarantor in accordance with Section 3.28 and be jointly and severally liable for all Obligations, and (iii) grant to Agent a first priority Lien in all of its assets; (vi) if such acquisition includes general partnership interests or any other Equity Interest that does not have a corporate (or similar) limitation on liability of the owners thereof, then such acquisition shall be effected by having such Equity Interests acquired by a corporate holding company directly or indirectly wholly-owned by a Credit Party and newly formed for the sole purpose of effecting such acquisition; (vii) the Board of Directors of the Person to be acquired shall have approved the acquisition; (viii) all transactions in connection therewith shall be consummated in accordance with all applicable Requirements of Law; (ix) unless the Agent shall otherwise agree, Borrower shall have provided the Agent with (A) historical Financial Statements for the last three Fiscal Years (or, if less, the number of years since formation) of the Person or business to be acquired (audited if available without undue cost or delay) and unaudited Financial Statements thereof for the most recent interim period which are available, (B) reasonably detailed projections for the succeeding three years pertaining to the Person or business to be acquired and updated projections for Borrower after giving effect to such transaction, (C) a reasonably detailed description of all material information relating thereto and copies of all material documentation pertaining to such transaction, and (D) all such other information and data relating to such transaction or the Person or business to be acquired as may be reasonably requested by the Agent; (x) at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed date of consummation of the transaction, Borrower shall have delivered to the Agent an Officer s Certificate certifying that (A) such transaction complies with this definition (which shall have attached thereto reasonably detailed backup data and calculations showing such compliance), and (B) such transaction could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and (xi) the aggregate amount of the Acquisition Consideration for all Permitted Acquisitions since the Closing Date shall not exceed 5 million; provided that (i) any Equity Interests constituting all or a portion of such Acquisition Consideration shall not have a cash dividend requirement on or prior to the Maturity Date and (ii) any earn-out payments or deferred or future payments shall be subject to a subordination agreement (in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Agent) in favor of Agent subordinating payment of such earn-out payments or deferred or future payments to Agent and such payment obligations shall be unsecured. 

 Schedule A - 24 

Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary means a Captive Insurance Subsidiary that Agent has approved as a Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary pursuant to Section 5.21 . Permitted Joint Venture means any joint venture or partnership between a Credit Party, on the other hand, and any other Person, on the other hand (each, a Joint Venture so long as (a) immediately prior to and after giving pro forma effect to the formation and capitalization of such Joint Venture, no Default or Event of Default exists; (b) the assets, businesses or activities of the Joint Venture are consistent with the then-current business plan of the Credit Parties; (c) no Indebtedness or Liens are assumed or incurred by such Credit Party as a result of the formation and capitalization of, or as a result of any subsequent investment in, the Joint Venture, except as otherwise expressly permitted by Section 5.1 or Section 5.2; and (d) such Credit Party, the Joint Venture or the customer or customers of the Joint Venture shall obtain customary liability and commercial insurance, in amounts and from reputable insurers as may be necessary for prudent execution of work by the Joint Venture. Permitted Koontz-Wagner Pension Plan Obligations means obligations of the Credit Parties in an aggregate amount not to exceed 2,700,000 for their obligations arising under the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local Union 1392 multi-employer pension plan of Koontz-Wagner Custom Controls Holdings LLC (which Person was previously a Subsidiary of the Credit Parties and filed a voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 7 of Title 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas on July 11, 2018 (the proceedings relating to such petition, the Koontz-Wagner Bankruptcy Proceedings ). Permitted Liens means the following encumbrances: (i) Liens for taxes or assessments or other governmental Charges or levies, including Priority Payables, either not yet due and payable or to the extent that nonpayment thereof is permitted by the terms of Section 3.09 ; (ii) carriers , warehousemen s, suppliers , mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s or other similar liens arising in the ordinary course of business and securing indebtedness not yet due and payable or overdue for more than 30 days or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person to the extent required in accordance with GAAP; (iii) attachment, judgment or other similar Liens arising in connection with court or arbitration proceedings, provided that the same are discharged, or that execution or enforcement thereof is stayed pending appeal, within thirty (30) days or (in the case of any execution or enforcement pending appeal) such lesser time during which such appeal may be taken; (iv) zoning restrictions, easements, licenses, or other restrictions on the use of real property or other minor irregularities in title thereto, so long as the same do not materially impair the use, value, or marketability of such real estate; (v) Purchase Money Liens securing Purchase Money Obligations (or rent) and Capital Leases, in each case, to the extent permitted under Section 5.1 ; (vi) Liens in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders securing the Obligations; (vii) Liens in favor of Revolving Agent securing all obligations, indebtedness and liabilities of the Credit Parties under the Revolving Loan Agreement in an amount not to exceed the Maximum Priority Revolving Loan Debt; (viii) Liens existing on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 9 of the Perfection Certificate dated as of the Closing Date; (ix) (A) pledge or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation (other than any Lien being registered or enforced in respect of any Priority Payables and other than any Lien imposed by ERISA), (B) pledges and deposits in the ordinary course of business securing liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance and (C) Liens on insurance premium returns and insurance proceeds granted in favor of insurance companies in connection with the financing of insurance premiums with respect thereto in the ordinary course of business ; (x) deposits and Liens to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, governmental contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money), statutory obligations, surety, stay, indemnity, customs and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature (including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations) incurred in the ordinary course of business; (xi) Liens that are contractual rights of set-off (A) solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by any Credit Party, in each case, which set-off rights are granted in the ordinary course of business in favor of the depository bank or financial institution with which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts owing to such bank or institution with respect to cash management and operating account arrangements, including those involving pooled accounts and netting arrangements, provided that, in no case shall any such Liens secure (either directly or indirectly) the repayment of any Indebtedness (other than (1) Indebtedness up to the Maximum Priority Revolving Debt Amount to the extent one of the Lenders under the Revolving Loan Agreement, or an Affiliate of such a Lender, is the applicable depository bank or financial institution and such Lien is subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, and (2) Indebtedness (that does not constitute Indebtedness for borrowed money) that is owed to any 
 Schedule A - 25 

depository or cash management bank that provides cash management services to the Credit Parties) , (B) solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by any Credit Party, in each case, which set-off rights relate to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Credit Parties or any Subsidiary (so long as such Subsidiary remains a Subsidiary) to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business , provided that, in no case shall any such Liens secure (either directly or indirectly) the repayment of any Indebtedness (other than (1) Indebtedness up to the Maximum Priority Revolving Debt Amount to the extent one of the Lenders under the Revolving Loan Agreement, or an Affiliate of such a Lender, is the applicable depository bank or financial institution and such Lien is subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, and (2) Indebtedness (that does not constitute Indebtedness for borrowed money) that is owed to any depository or cash management bank that provides cash management services to the Credit Parties) , or (C) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of a Credit Party or any of their Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; (xii) the filing of Code and PPSA financing statements solely as a precautionary measure in connection with operating leases entered into by a Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; (xiii) Liens in connection with the cash collateralization of the Existing Letters of Credit (and any replacements thereof), so long as the amount secured thereunder does not exceed 105 of the aggregate face amount of such Existing Letters of Credit (or such replacement letters of credit); (xiv) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of applicable Requirements of Law to secure payment of custom duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business; (xv) non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property and other intellectual property rights in the ordinary course of business and not interfering in any material respect with the business of any Credit Party , and (xvi) Liens described in clause (b) of the definition of Excluded Assets. Person means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization, association, corporation, limited liability company, institution, public benefit corporation, entity or government (whether federal, state, provincial, territorial, county, city, municipal or otherwise, including any instrumentality, division, agency, body or department thereof), and shall include such Person s successors and assigns. PIK Rate means the per annum rate equal to (a) Adjusted Term SOFR, plus (b) the Applicable Margin, minus (c) 10 per annum. Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the IRC or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate is or, within the preceding five years, was an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. Pledge Agreement means that certain Pledge Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Credit Parties and the Agent pledging as Collateral for the Obligations any Ownership Interests of Subsidiaries owned by each Credit Party other than those Ownership Interests constituting Excluded Assets, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Pledged Securities shall mean, collectively, with respect to each Credit Party, (i) all issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each issuer set forth in the Perfection Certificate as being owned by such Credit Party and all options, warrants, rights, agreements and additional Equity Interests of whatever class of any such issuer acquired by such Credit Party (including by issuance), together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Credit Party relating to such Equity Interests in each such issuer or under any Organizational Document of each such issuer, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such Equity Interests and any and all interest of such Credit Party in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such Equity Interests, (ii) all Equity Interests of any Subsidiary, which Equity Interests are hereafter acquired by such Credit Party (including by issuance) and all options, warrants, rights, agreements and additional Equity Interests of whatever class of any such Subsidiary acquired by such Credit Party (including by issuance), together with all rights, privileges, authority and powers of such Credit Party relating to such Equity Interests or under any Organizational Document of any such Subsidiary, and the certificates, instruments and agreements representing such Equity Interests and any and all interest of such Credit Party in the entries on the books of any financial intermediary pertaining to such Equity Interests, from time to time acquired by such Credit Party in any manner, and (iii) all Equity Interests issued in respect of the Equity Interests referred to in clause (i) or (ii) upon any consolidation, merger or amalgamation of any issuer of such Equity Interests; provided , however , that Pledged Securities shall not include any Equity Interests which are not required to be pledged pursuant to Section 3.28 or that constitute Excluded Assets . 
 Schedule A - 26 

Post-Closing Organization Chart has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(s) . Power means Global Power Professional Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Power of Attorney means each Power of Attorney of the Credit Parties delivered to Agent as of the Closing Date in substantially the form of Exhibit D and any Power of Attorney delivered to the Agent after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 1.12 . PPSA means the Personal Property Security Act (British Columbia) (and other equivalent personal property security legislation in any other applicable Canadian province or territory) and the regulations thereunder, as from time to time in effect, provided, however, if attachment, perfection or priority of the Agent s or any Lender s security interest in any Collateral is governed by the personal property security laws of any jurisdiction in Canada other than British Columbia, with respect to such Collateral, PPSA shall mean those personal property security laws in such other jurisdiction of Canada (including the Civil Code of Qu bec and the regulation respecting the register of personal and movable real rights thereunder) for the purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such attachment, perfection or priority and for the definitions related to such provisions. Pre-Closing Organization Chart has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(s) . Preferred Stock shall mean, with respect to any Person, any and all preferred or preference Equity Interests (however designated) of such Person whether now outstanding or issued after the Closing Date. Preferred Stock Issuance shall mean the issuance or sale by any Credit Party of any Preferred Stock after the Closing Date (other than (x) as permitted by Section 5.1 or (y) any Excluded Issuance). Prepayment has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.2(b) . Priority Payables means (a) the full amount of the liabilities of any Credit Party which (i) have a trust imposed to provide for payment or a security interest, pledge, Lien, hypothec or charge ranking or capable of ranking senior to or pari passu with security interests, Liens, hypothecs or charges securing the Obligations on any Collateral under any federal, provincial, state, county, district, municipal, local or foreign law or (ii) have a right imposed to provide for payment ranking or capable of ranking senior to or pari passu with the Obligations under federal, provincial, state, county, district, municipal, local or foreign law, regulation or directive, including, but not limited to, claims for unremitted and/or accelerated rents, taxes, wages, withholdings taxes, value added taxes, amounts payable to an insolvency administrator, employee withholdings or deductions, vacation pay, severance and termination pay, workers compensation obligations, government royalties or pension obligations in each case to the extent such trust, or security interest, Lien, hypothec or charge has been or may be imposed, including under the Wage Earner Protection Program Act (Canada), and (b) the amount equal to the aggregate value of the inventory which the Agent, in good faith, and on a reasonable basis, considers is or may be subject to retention of title by a supplier or a right of a supplier to recover possession thereof, where such supplier s right has priority over the security interests, Liens, hypothecs or charges securing the Obligations, including, without limitation, inventory subject to a right of a supplier to repossess goods pursuant to Section 81.1 of the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada) or any applicable laws granting revendication or similar rights to unpaid suppliers or any similar laws of Canada or any other applicable jurisdiction. Pro Forma Basis shall mean on a basis in accordance with GAAP and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Agent. Proceeds means proceeds, as such term is defined in the Code or the PPSA, as applicable, and, in any event, shall include: (i) any and all proceeds of any insurance, indemnity, warranty or guarantee payable to any Grantor from time to time with respect to any Collateral; (ii) any and all payments (in any form whatsoever) made or due and payable to any Grantor from time to time in connection with any requisition, confiscation, condemnation, seizure or forfeiture of any Collateral by any governmental body, authority, bureau or agency (or any Person acting under color of governmental authority); (iii) any recoveries by any Grantor against third parties with respect to any litigation or dispute concerning any Collateral, including claims arising out of the loss or nonconformity of, interference with the use of, defects in, or infringement of rights in, or damage to, Collateral; and (iv) any and all other amounts, rights to payment or other property acquired upon the sale, lease, license, exchange or other disposition of Collateral (excluding 
 Schedule A - 27 

amounts and rights to payment arising from the rental of any of the Collateral to customers of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or distributors) and all rights arising out of Collateral. Property means any interest in any kind of property or asset, whether real, personal or mixed, and whether tangible or intangible. Protective Advance Percentages means, as to any Lender and as of any date of determination, the percentage determined by dividing (a) the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then held by such Lender, by (b) the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then held by all Lenders. Purchase Money Lien means any Lien upon any fixed assets that secure the Purchase Money Obligations related thereto but only if such Lien shall at all times be confined solely to the assets the purchase price of which was financed or refinanced through the incurrence of the Purchase Money Obligations secured by such Lien (and the proceeds thereof) and only if such Lien secures only such Purchase Money Obligations. Purchase Money Obligations means for any Person the obligations of such Person in respect of Indebtedness incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price of any property (including Equity Interests of any Person) or the cost of installation, construction or improvement of any property and any refinancing thereof; provided , however , that (i) such Indebtedness is incurred within one year after such acquisition, installation, construction or improvement of such property by such Person and (ii) the amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed 100 of the cost of such acquisition, installation, construction or improvement, as the case may be. Qualified Capital Stock means of any Person any Equity Interests of such Person that are not Disqualified Capital Stock. Real Property shall mean, collectively, all right, title and interest (including any leasehold, mineral or other estate) in and to any and all parcels of or interests in real property owned, leased or operated by any Person, whether by lease, license or other means, together with, in each case, all easements, hereditaments and appurtenances relating thereto, all improvements and appurtenant fixtures and equipment, all general intangibles and contract rights and other property and rights incidental to the ownership, lease or operation thereof. Recipient means Agent and any Lender. Register has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(a) . Related Persons means, with respect to any Person, each Affiliate of such Person and each director, officer, employee, agent, trustee, representative, attorney, accountant and each insurance, environmental, legal, financial and other advisor and other consultants and agents of or to such Person or any of its Affiliates. Release means as to any Person, any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, injection, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, dumping, leaching or migration of Hazardous Materials in the indoor or outdoor environment by such Person, including the movement of Hazardous Materials through or in the air, soil, surface water, ground water or property. Rental Office means any rental office of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is not located in a Restricted Location. Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having at such time in excess of 50 of the sum of the aggregate Term Loan Commitments (or, if such Term Loan Commitments are terminated, the amount outstanding under the Term Loans) then in effect; provided, however, that at any time when there are two (2) or more Lenders, Required Lenders shall require at least two (2) Lenders. For purposes of calculation of Required Lenders, a Lender and any of its Affiliates that are also a Lender, and their respective Term Loan Commitments and/or holdings of the Term Loans, shall be deemed to be a single Lender with a single consolidated Term Loan Commitment and/or holding a single consolidated Term Loan. 
 Schedule A - 28 

Requirement of Law means as to any Person, the Certificate or Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws or other Organizational Documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case, binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. Responsible Officer means, with respect to any Person (other than an individual), any officer at the level of vice president or higher of, but in any event, with respect to financial matters, the chief financial officer, chief accounting officer, treasurer or controller of such Person. Restricted Locations has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.21(c) . Restricted Payment means: (a) the declaration or payment of any dividend or the incurrence of any liability to make any other payment or distribution of cash or other property or assets on or in respect of Borrower s or any other Credit Party s Stock, (b) any payment or distribution made in respect of any subordinated Indebtedness of Borrower or any other Credit Party in violation of any subordination or other agreement made in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, (c) any payment on account of the purchase, redemption, defeasance or other retirement of Borrower s or any other Credit Party s Stock or Indebtedness or any other payment or distribution made in respect of any thereof, either directly or indirectly; other than (i) that arising under this Agreement, (ii) interest and principal, when due without acceleration or modification of the amortization as in effect on the Closing Date, under Indebtedness (not including subordinated Indebtedness, payments of which shall be permitted only in accordance with the terms of the relevant subordination agreement made in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders) permitted under Sections 5.1 (provided that any payments made by Credit Parties on the Permitted Koontz-Wagner Pension Plan Obligations shall not exceed 300,000 per Fiscal Year), (iii) payments and prepayments with respect to Indebtedness under the Revolving Loan Agreement in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Maximum Priority Revolving Loan Debt as of any date of determination and otherwise permitted pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, or (d) any payment, loan, contribution, or other transfer of funds or other property to any holder of Stock of such Person which is not expressly and specifically permitted in this Agreement; provided that any payment to Agent or any Lender shall not constitute a Restricted Payment. Revolving Agent means PNC Bank, National Association. Revolving Loan Agreement means that certain Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among Revolving Agent, the Credit Parties party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, as amended, restated, supplemented and/or modified to the extent permitted by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. Revolving Loan Documents has the meaning assigned to the term Other Documents under the Revolving Loan Agreement. SBA means the United States Small Business Administration and any successor thereto. SBA Forms means, collectively, SBA forms 480, 652 and 1031. SBA Side Letter means a Small Business Investment Company side letter among the Borrower and the SBICs (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time accordance with its terms) in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and the Borrower . SBIC means Agent or certain of its Affiliates that is a Federal licensee under the Act. SDN List has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . Second Amendment means that certain Second Amendment to this Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Credit Parties, the Agent and the Lenders party thereto. Second Amendment Effective Date means December 30, 2022. 
 Schedule A - 29 

Secretarial Certificate means each Secretarial Certificate of the Credit Parties delivered to Agent as of the Closing Date in substantially the form of Exhibit C and any Secretarial Certificate delivered to the Agent after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 1.12 . SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (d) of the definition of Base Rate . Solvent means, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) the assets of such Person, at a fair valuation, exceed its liabilities, including contingent liabilities, (b) the remaining capital of such Person is not unreasonably small to conduct its business and (c) such Person will not have incurred debts, and does not have the present intent to incur debts, beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature. For purposes of this definition, debt means any liability on a claim, and claim means any (i) right to payment, whether or not such right is reduced to judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, legal, equitable, secured or unsecured, or (ii) right to an equitable remedy for breach of performance if such breach gives rise to a right to payment, whether or not such right to an equitable remedy is reduced to judgment, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, secured or unsecured. In computing the amount of contingent liabilities of any Person on any date, such liabilities shall be computed at the amount that, in the reasonable judgment of the Agent in light of all facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount of such liabilities that reasonably can be expected to become actual or matured liabilities. Specified Canadian Account means the bank account of the Credit Parties with TD Canada Trust with account number as previously identified to Agent in writing with account number ending 5675. Stated Maturity Date means December 16, 2025. Steam means Steam Enterprises LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Stock means all certificated and uncertificated shares, options, warrants, membership interests, general or limited partnership interests, participation or other equivalents (regardless of how designated) of or in a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or equivalent entity whether voting or nonvoting, including common stock, preferred stock, beneficial interests in a trust or any other equity security (as such term is defined in Rule 3a11-1 of the General Rules and Regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act) or other equity interests in any Person. Stock Equivalents means all securities convertible into or exchangeable for Stock or any other Stock Equivalent and all warrants, options or other rights to purchase, subscribe for or otherwise acquire any Stock or any other Stock Equivalent, whether or not presently convertible, exchangeable or exercisable. Subordinated Creditors means each of Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP I as payee under the Subordinated Notes and in any related capacity under the Subordinated Loan Documents. Subordinated Debt means the Indebtedness issued under the Subordinated Loan Documents. Subordinated Guaranty means, individually and collectively, (a) that certain Guaranty, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, by and among Guarantors and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP, and (b) that certain Guaranty, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, by and among Guarantors and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP I . Subordinated Note means, individually and collectively, each of those certain Unsecured Promissory Notes , dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, by and among Holdings as 
 Schedule A - 30 

maker thereunder and Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP or Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, LP I, as applicable, as payee thereunder . Subordinated Loan Documents means (a) each Subordinated Note, each Subordinated Guaranty, the Subordination Agreement, and any other documents entered into in connection with the foregoing, and (b) means each other subordinated promissory note or agreement issued by a Credit Party to or any other Person that shall have entered into a Subordination Agreement with the Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, subsequent to the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, and each other promissory note, instrument and agreement executed in connection therewith , in each case of clauses (a) and (b), as the same may from time to time be amended, restated, or otherwise modified or replaced in accordance with the terms of the applicable Subordination Agreement. Subordination Agreement means a Subordination Agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent which sets forth subordination terms applicable to the Subordinated Debt. Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, (i) any corporation of which an aggregate of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding Stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, Stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, owned legally or beneficially by such Person and/or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, or with respect to which any such Person has the right to vote or designate the vote of more than fifty percent (50 of such Stock whether by proxy, agreement, operation of law or otherwise, and (ii) any partnership or limited liability company in which such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person has an equity interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than fifty percent (50 or of which any such Person is a general partner or manager or may exercise the powers of a general partner or manager. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary of Holdings. In no event shall the term Subsidiary include a Permitted Joint Venture or Koontz-Wagner Custom Control Holdings LLC. Subsidiary Guarantor means each direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower as of the Closing Date and each other direct or indirect Subsidiary that becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 1.12 , in each case other than any Unrestricted Subsidiary. Substitute Lender has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.14(a) . Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. Term Loan has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.1 . Term Loan Commitment means any Closing Date Term Loan Commitment and any Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment. Term Note has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.1 . Term SOFR means, (a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for an interest period of three (3) months for each quarter as determined on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such quarter, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided , however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such interest period has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such interest period as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such interest period was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day; and (b) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for an interest period of 
 Schedule A - 31 

one (1) month as determined on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided , however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable interest period has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such interest period as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such interest period was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day. Term SOFR Adjustment means (a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, a percentage equal to 0.26161 per annum, and (b) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan, a percentage equal to 0.11448 per annum. Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion). Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. Termination Date means the date on which all Obligations under this Agreement are paid in full, in cash (other than contingent obligations not yet due and payable), and Borrower shall have no further right to borrow any moneys or obtain other credit extensions or financial accommodations from the Lenders under this Agreement. Threshold Amount means 500,000. Third Amendment means that certain Third Amendment to this Agreement, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Credit Parties, the Agent and the Lenders party thereto. Third Amendment Effective Date means January 9, 2023. Title IV Plan means a pension plan subject to Title IV of ERISA, other than a Multiemployer Plan, to which any ERISA Affiliate incurs or otherwise has any obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise. Total Leverage Ratio shall mean, at any date of determination, the ratio of Consolidated Indebtedness on such date to Consolidated EBITDA for the trailing twelve (12) Fiscal Month period most recently ended. Trademarks means all of the following now owned or hereafter adopted or acquired by any Person: (i) all trademarks, trade names, corporate names, business names, trade styles, service marks, logos, other source or business identifiers, prints and labels on which any of the foregoing have appeared or appear, designs and general intangibles of like nature (whether registered or unregistered) all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, including all registrations, recordings and applications in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the Canadian Intellectual Property Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any state or territory thereof, or any other country or any political subdivision thereof: (ii) all reissues, extensions or renewals thereof; and (iii) all goodwill associated with or symbolized by any of the foregoing. Transaction Documents means, collectively, the Revolving Loan Documents and the Loan Documents. Transactions means, collectively, the transactions to occur on or prior to the Closing Date pursuant to the Transaction Documents, including (a) the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents and the initial borrowings hereunder; (b) the incurrence of the Indebtedness under the Revolving Loan Agreement; (c) reserved; (d) reserved; (e) the refinancing of all existing Indebtedness on the Closing Date (other than Indebtedness that is permitted under this Agreement); and (f) the payment of all fees and expenses to be paid on or prior to the Closing Date and owing in connection with the foregoing. Transferred Guarantor has the meaning given to such term in Section 11.9 . 
 Schedule A - 32 

Unrestricted Subsidiaries means, to the extent not required to be a Guarantor hereunder, each Permitted Captive Insurance Subsidiary. USA PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56). U.S. Borrower means a Borrower that is a U.S. Person. U.S. Credit Party means a Credit Party that is a U.S. Person. U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the IRC. U.S. Publicly-Traded Entity has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.22 . U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 8(b)(ii)(C) . Voluntary Prepayment has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.2(b) . Voting Stock means, with respect to any Person, any class or classes of Equity Interests pursuant to which the holders thereof have the general voting power under ordinary circumstances to elect at least a majority of the Board of Directors of such Person. Wholly Owned Subsidiary means, as to any Person, (a) any corporation 100 of whose capital stock (other than directors qualifying shares) is at the time owned by such Person and/or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person and (b) any partnership, association, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity in which such Person and/or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person have a 100 equity interest at such time. Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Section 4203 and Section 4205 of ERISA. Withholding Agent means Borrower and Agent. Any accounting term used in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents shall have, unless otherwise specifically provided therein, the meaning customarily given such term in accordance with GAAP, and all financial computations thereunder shall be computed, unless otherwise specifically provided therein, in accordance with GAAP consistently applied; provided , that all financial covenants and calculations in the Loan Documents shall be made in accordance with GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date unless Borrower and Agent shall otherwise specifically agree in writing. That certain items or computations are explicitly modified by the phrase in accordance with GAAP shall in no way be construed to limit the foregoing. All other capitalized terms contained in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, but not defined herein or therein, shall, unless the context indicates otherwise, have the meanings provided for by the Code or the PPSA, as the context may require. The words herein, hereof and hereunder or other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole, including the exhibits and schedules thereto, as the same may from time to time be amended, modified or supplemented, and not to any particular section, subsection or clause contained in this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the following additional rules of construction shall apply, unless specifically indicated to the contrary: (a) wherever from the context it appears appropriate, each term stated in either the singular or plural shall include the singular and the plural; (b) the term or is not exclusive; (c) the term including (or any form thereof) shall not be limiting or exclusive; (d) all references to statutes and related regulations shall include any amendments of same and any successor statutes and regulations; and (e) all references to any instruments or agreements, including references to any of the Loan Documents, shall include any and all modifications or amendments thereto and any and all extensions or renewals thereof. 
 Schedule A - 33 

Any term defined in this Agreement by reference to the Code shall also have any extended, alternative or analogous meaning given to such term in the PPSA and under other Canadian laws (including, without limitation, the Securities Transfer Act (British Columbia) and the other securities transfer legislation in effect from time to time in any of province or territory of Canada, the Bills of Exchange Act (Canada) and the Depository Bills and Notes Act (Canada)), in all cases for the extension, preservation or betterment of the security and rights of the Agent and the Lenders, (ii) all references in this Agreement to a financing statement, financing change statement , continuation statement, amendment or termination statement shall be deemed to refer also to the analogous documents used under the PPSA, including, without limitation, where applicable, financing change statements and (iii) all references to federal or state securities law of the United States shall be deemed to refer also to analogous federal, provincial and territorial securities laws in Canada. 
 Schedule A - 34 

6.1 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-21.1>
 10
 wlms-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

EXHIBIT 21.1 Exhibit A Williams Industrial Services Group Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K Subsidiaries of Williams Industrial Services Group Inc. Consolidated Subsidiaries Where Organized Braden Holdings, LLC Delaware Global Power Professional Services Inc. Delaware GPEG, LLC Delaware Steam Enterprises, LLC Delaware Williams Industrial Services Group, LLC Delaware Construction Maintenance Professionals, LLC Georgia Williams Global Services, Inc. Georgia Williams Industrial Services, LLC Georgia Williams Plant Services, LLC Georgia Williams Specialty Services, LLC Georgia WISG Electrical LLC New York Braden Manufacturing SA de CV Mexico WISG Canada Ltd. Canada WISG Nuclear Ltd. Canada WISG Electrical Ltd. Canada 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 11
 wlms-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1
 
 Registration Statement Consent (e.g., Forms S-1, S-3, S-4) 
 Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-237147, 333-239088, 333-256226 and 333-265523) of Williams Industrial Services Group, Inc. (the Company ), of our report dated March 31, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of the Company which report expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph relating to a going concern uncertainty, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Moss Adams LLP Dallas, Texas March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 wlms-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Tracy D. Pagliara, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Williams Industrial Services Group Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Tracy D. Pagliara Tracy D. Pagliara President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 wlms-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Damien A. Vassall, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Williams Industrial Services Group Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Damien A. Vassall Damien A. Vassall Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 14
 wlms-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Tracy D. Pagliara, the President and Chief Executive Officer of Williams Industrial Services Group Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge: 1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Tracy D. Pagliara Tracy D. Pagliara President and Chief Executive Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 15
 wlms-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Damien A. Vassall, the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Williams Industrial Services Group Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge: 1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Damien A. Vassall Damien A. Vassall Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 wlms-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 wlms-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 wlms-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 wlms-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

