<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230321_10-K_edgar_data_1701756_0001493152-23-008370.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10740128</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>533199</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1577569</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4020946</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1963004</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2330017</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008370.hdr.sgml : 20230321
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230321161556
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008370
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230321
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230321

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Muscle Maker, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001701756
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING & DRINKING PLACES [5810]
		IRS NUMBER:				472555533
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39223
		FILM NUMBER:		23749906

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1751 RIVER RUN WESTBEND
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76107
		BUSINESS PHONE:		682-708-8250

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1751 RIVER RUN WESTBEND
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76107

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008370.txt : 20230321

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 of
 incorporation) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

 , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to the filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer 
and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

(Do
 not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the market value of
our common stock held by non-affiliates was . 

The
number of shares if the Registrant s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding as of March 21, 2023,
was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

MUSCLE
MAKER, INC 

 ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 FISCAL
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Form
 10-K 
 Item
 No. 
 
 Name
 of Item 
 
 Page 

PART
 I 
 
 Item
 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 
 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 
 RISK
 FACTORS 
 
 13 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 34 
 
 Item
 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 34 
 
 Item
 3. 
 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 
 
 35 
 
 Item
 4. 
 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURE 
 
 35 
 
 PART
 II 
 
 Item
 5. 
 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 36 
 
 Item
 6. 
 
 RESERVED 
 
 40 
 
 Item
 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 40 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 51 
 
 Item
 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 51 
 
 Item
 9. 
 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 51 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 
 
 51 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 
 
 51 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 
 DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 52 
 
 PART
 III 
 
 Item
 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 52 
 
 Item
 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 
 
 59 
 
 Item
 12. 
 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 68 
 
 Item
 13. 
 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 71 
 
 Item
 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 74 
 
 PART
 IV 
 
 Item
 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS,
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 75 
 
 Item
 16. 
 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 76 

SIGNATURES 
 
 77 

2 

PART
I 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the federal securities laws. The events described in forward-looking
statements contained in this Annual Report may not occur. Generally, these statements relate to business plans or strategies, projected
or anticipated benefits or other consequences of our plans or strategies, projected or anticipated benefits from acquisitions to be made
by us, or projections involving anticipated revenues, earnings or other aspects of our operating results. The words may, 
 will, expect, believe, anticipate, project, plan, 
 forecast, model, proposal, should, may, intend, estimate, 
and continue, and their opposites and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We caution
you that these statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are subject to a number of uncertainties, risks and
other influences, many of which are beyond our control that may influence the accuracy of the statements and the projections upon which
the statements are based. Factors which may affect our results include, but are not limited to, the risks and uncertainties discussed
in Item 1A of this Annual Report under Risk Factors and Item 7 of this Annual Report under Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations . 

Any
one or more of these uncertainties, risks and other influences could materially affect our results of operations and whether forward-looking
statements made by us ultimately prove to be accurate. Our actual results, performance and achievements could differ materially from
those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether from new information, future events or otherwise. 

This
Annual Report also contains estimates and other statistical data made by independent parties and by us relating to market size and growth
and other data about our industry. This data involves a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue
weight to such estimates. In addition, projections, assumptions and estimates of our future performance and the future performance of
the markets in which we operate are necessarily subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk. 

3 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Our
Business Overview 

Muscle
Maker, Inc. (referred to herein as MMI or Company ), was incorporated under the laws of the state of Nevada
on October 25, 2019. The principal corporate office of MMI is located at 1751 River Run, Suite 200, Fort Worth, Texas, 76107, and the
telephone number at that location is (832) 604-9568. Our website address is https://www.ir.musclemakergrill.com . 

MMI
together with its subsidiaries, is referred to in this Form 10-K annual report Form 10-K as the Company. The terms we ,
 us and our are also used in the Form 10-K to refer to the Company. Throughout the Form 10-K, the terms restaurants ,
 stores , eatery and locations are used inter changeably. While MMI, as the parent Company, does
not directly own or operate any restaurants throughout this document we may refer to restaurants that are owned or operated by our subsidiaries
as being Company-owned. 

MMI
is our parent company. Through our subsidiaries, we operate within the global food-supply chain, in an effort to integrate
capabilities and create a sustainable and innovative company, that enhances the social, environmental and financial value to our
Company. We own and operate three unique healthier for you restaurant concepts within our portfolio of companies:
Muscle Maker Grill restaurants, SuperFit Foods meal prep and Pokemoto Hawaiian Poke restaurants Restaurant Division ).
Our Company was founded on the belief of taking every-day menu options and converting them into healthier for you menu
choices. Consumers are demanding healthier choices, customization, flavor and convenience. We believe our portfolio of companies
directly satisfy these consumer needs. We focus on lean proteins, fresh fruits and vegetables, proprietary sauces, whole grains and
various other items like protein shakes, meal plans, specialty drinks and super foods. Each of our three concepts offers different
menus that are tailored to specific consumer segments. We operate in the fast-casual and meal prep segments of the restaurant
industry. We believe our healthier for you inspired concepts deliver a highly differentiated customer
experience. 

We
also own and operate Sadot LLC Sadot ), a wholesaling food business, which engages in the purchase and sale of physical
food commodities. The goal of Sadot is to launch Muscle Maker into a new era by creating a comprehensive, global food company that stretches
from sustainable farming, agricultural commodity shipping and trading, distribution, productions and ultimately reaches consumers through
the restaurant, franchise and meal prep companies. 

Muscle
Maker Grill Restaurants Muscle Maker Grill ): our Muscle Maker Grill restaurants are fast-casual style restaurants
specializing in healthier for you high quality, made to order, lean protein-based meals. These meals feature all-natural
chicken breast, grass fed beef, lean turkey, shrimp and plant-based items. We pair these lean proteins with super foods such as avocado,
quinoa, spinach, kale and broccoli, while also offering cauliflower rice, whole wheat pasta, sweet potato fries and proprietary specialty
sauces like zero carb, fat free or gluten free options. Our products are made to order. The menu features bowls, wraps, salads and burgers.
We also offer protein shakes and fruit smoothies along with meal plans and catering. Customers can dine in or take out or have their
meals delivered to their door via Company delivery personnel or third-party services such as Uber Eats, DoorDash and GrubHub. 

SuperFit
Foods Meal Prep SuperFit Foods ): On March 25, 2021, we acquired the assets of SuperFit Foods. SuperFit Foods is a
wholly owned meal prep division located in Jacksonville, Florida and focuses solely on meal plans. The terms meal prep and meal plans
will be used interchangeably throughout this document. The business operates with a centralized kitchen that prepares all meals for distribution
to consumers twice per week. This is a subscription-based business model where consumers order their meals via the SuperFitfoods.com
website and are charged automatically every week. There are over 150 meal plan options to choose from as well as various healthy juices,
snacks and desserts. Meal plans focus on specific dietary needs such as vegetarian, high protein, gluten free and low calorie. 

SuperFit
Foods distribution process is different than most meal prep companies. The business operates with a centralized kitchen that prepares
all meals for distribution to consumers twice per week. All meals are packaged in a temperature-controlled facility for food safety and
quality controls. While other meal plan companies ship meals directly to consumer s homes, the SuperFit Foods model uses Company-owned
coolers placed at designated pick-up locations throughout the Jacksonville, Florida market. Pick up locations are placed inside wellness
centers such as gyms, yoga studios and various lifestyle locations. SuperFit Foods delivers twice per week by independent contractors
to these locations and consumers conveniently pick up their orders after their workouts or during their daily routines. This model allows
us to keep food fresh and refrigerated (even in the summer months), reduces shipping costs to consumers and provides an easier distribution
model for the Company. While we do offer direct shipment to homes, this represents a small percentage of overall Company revenue. 

4 

Pokemoto
Hawaiian Poke restaurants Pokemoto ): On May 14, 2021, MMI acquired the Pokemoto chain. This consisted of purchasing
PKM Stamford LLC, Poke Co, LLC, LB Holdings LLC, and TNB Holdings LLC, Poke Co Holdings LLC, GLL Enterprises LLC, and TNB Holdings II,
LLC, each a Connecticut limited liability company (collectively, Pokemoto ). Pokemoto Orange Park FL LLC and Pokemoto Kansas LLC
(included in Pokemoto were formed in 2022 for the purposes of developing new corporate Pokemoto stores. Pokemoto restaurants
are fast-casual style restaurants that specialize in Hawaiian inspired poke bowls, wraps and salads. Poke is native Hawaiian cuisine
made up of diced fresh fish served as an appetizer or main course with strong influences of Japanese and Korean cuisine. Think of it
as deconstructed sushi that a consumer can customize into a bowl, salad or wrap every time. Hawaiian Poke is trending in the restaurant
industry. It is a unique segment that is healthy, customizable, popular with millennials and Gen-Zs, offers unique flavor profiles and
is Instagrammable. 

Pokemoto
offers consumers the possibility to customize their order every time. Consumers move down a linear production line (similar to Chipotle
or Subway customer interaction and operations) customizing their bowl from a wide selection of ingredients. Pokemoto offers six types
of protein including sushi grade tuna, salmon, chicken, shrimp, lobster seafood salad or tofu. Consumers pick a base of white/brown rice
or salad, select from over 25 mix-ins/toppings including avocado, kani salad, pickled daikon, hijiki seaweed, masago, caviar, mandarin
oranges, edamame, mango, roasted cashews or wonton crisps to name a few and topped off with over eight proprietary sauces that are made
in house. All this gets mixed together creating a flavor explosion that is customized for every consumer. In select locations, we offer
Boba tea in a variety of flavors. 

Pokemoto
requires little to no cooking. Everything is either raw (tuna, salmon, veggies and fruits) or comes in pre-cooked (chicken and shrimp).
The only cooking we do is preparing soup and rice. It s that simple. Because we have little cooking and consumers customize their
orders, our labor requirements compared to most restaurants may be reduced. In addition, we believe training becomes much easier when
you are not cooking or requiring recipes to be followed while consumers customize their menu options. This creates a consistent product
across all our Pokemoto restaurants as we expand into more markets. Finally, because we have little to no cooking, our build outs usually
do not require expensive hoods, fire suppression systems, deep fryers, grills, ovens, etc. making the potential cost of building out
a location more favorable when compared to a traditional restaurant. 

Sadot
LLC: Sadot was formed on October 19, 2022, in Delaware and is a wholly owned subsidiary of MMI. Sadot is focused on international
Agri-food commodity shipping, farming, sourcing and production of key ingredients such as soy meal, corn, wheat, food oils, etc. A typical
shipment contains 25,000 to 75,000 metric tons of product, although some transactions can be smaller. Sadot was formed as part of the
Company s diversification strategy while still remaining within the overall food industry. 

Our
Industry 

Muscle
Maker Grill and Pokemoto restaurants operate within the Limited-Service Restaurant, or LSR, segment, of the United States restaurant
industry, which includes quick service restaurants, or QSR, and fast-casual restaurants. We offer fast-casual quality food combined with
quick-service speed, convenience and value across multiple dayparts. We believe our differentiated, high-quality healthy-inspired menu
delivers great value all day, every day and positions us to compete against both QSR and fast-casual concepts. 

SuperFit
Foods operates within the pre-made, ready-to-eat meal prep segment. We offer pre-made, ready-to-eat meals that focus on specific dietary
needs like keto, vegetarian, high protein, low sugars, etc. SuperFit Foods offers over 150 different meal plan options to choose from
as well as various healthy juices, snacks and desserts. 

Sadot
operates within the international food commodity shipping, sourcing, farming and production segment of the overall food supply chain
industry. Our current primary focus is on shipping food commodity items such as soy meal, corn and wheat between countries via cargo
ships. These shipments provide raw materials and ingredients to various food manufacturers as part of the overall food supply chain. 

5 

Our
Strategy 

Our
strategy for the restaurant division concentrates on expansion through franchising. However, in order to seed new markets
for franchising we may open Company-owned and operated locations in key markets. 

We
believe franchising is the future of the restaurant division. This strategy uses the franchising experience of the management team with
the goal of expanding more quickly. We believe franchising has the potential to propel growth without our Company having to spend its
capital on Company-owned brick and mortar locations. 

Our
franchising efforts will continue to be concentrated on expanding the Pokemoto brand. We believe there is a unique opportunity to grow
the Pokemoto brand within the Hawaiian Poke segment of the restaurant industry. The Hawaiian Poke segment is fragmented with the largest
company having approximately 65-85 locations today. The industry is full of independently owned mom-and-pop locations and
we expect that the industry is ready for a company to enter the market and become a significant player in the segment. We are positioning
Pokemoto with the goal of playing this role. 

While
Pokemoto franchising is the focus, we will also open Company-owned Pokemoto locations strategically placed in key markets where we are
focusing our franchising efforts. Franchisee prospects need to experience Pokemoto locally versus having to travel long distances. This
approach is critical to selling franchises. Each Company location should be considered as seeding the market. Eventually,
when the market begins to open franchise locations, the intent is to franchise the original seed Company location and then
turn to building and franchising the next market. This is a leapfrog strategy that has traditionally been used to drive franchise growth
more aggressively. 

Our
strategy for our Muscle Maker Grill restaurants is to optimize the brand. This will be performed through cost reductions, co-branding
locations with Pokemoto or converting the location to a Pokemoto restaurant. We will continue to evaluate profitability at each location
while staying current with market trends in each specific location. As part of the optimization strategy, we will divert resources from
any closed locations towards the remaining open locations with the intent of enhancing their performance. 

Muscle
Maker Grill restaurants are primarily geographically located in the Northeast United States, but we also have locations on military bases
such as Fort Sill, Fort Bliss and Fort Benning, as well as franchise locations in Texas, Washington and California. In addition, we have
locations open in Kuwait. Our Kuwaiti partner performs all operational support, training, distribution and manufacturing of various proprietary
items that are used to supply their locations. 

Improve
Comparable Restaurant Sales. We plan to improve comparable restaurant sales growth through the following strategies: 

Menu
Strategy and Evolution: We will continue to adapt our menu to create entr es that complement our healthy-inspired
offerings and that reinforce our differentiated fast-casual positioning. We believe we have opportunities for menu innovation as we
look to provide customers more choices through customization and limited time only alternative proteins, recipes and other
healthy-inspired ingredients. Our marketing and operations teams collaborate to ensure that the items developed in our test stores
can be executed to our high standards in our restaurants with the speed and value that our customers have come to expect. To provide
added variety, from time to time we introduce limited time offerings at Muscle Marker Grill, MMG and SuperFit Foods, SFF and Pokemoto, due to being
highly customizable, will offer new proteins, sauces and other ingredients allowing consumers to try different flavor
combinations. 

Attract
New Customers Through Expanded Brand Awareness: Our goal is to attract new customers as we expand our various concepts to become
more widely known through new restaurant openings and marketing efforts focused on broadening the reach and appeal of our brand. The
goal of our marketing efforts is to have consumers become more familiar with our brands as we continue to penetrate our markets, which
we believe will benefit our existing restaurant base. Our marketing strategy centers on our healthier for you food, which
highlights the desirability of healthy-inspired food or proprietary recipe quality of our food. We utilize various marketing techniques
including email, text, social media, print, influencers, press releases, third party apps and local store marketing. We believe the restaurant
industry has changed over the past few years and consumer preferences have shifted towards an emphasis on convenience, speed, customization,
delivery and mobility. This has led to an increase in to-go orders, third-party delivery and direct to consumer meal prep/plan offerings.
We believe our various brands have the ability to adjust our business strategy to accommodate these consumer trends. 

6 

Continue
to Grow Dayparts: We currently have multiple dayparts and segments where revenue is generated in our restaurants. These dayparts
and segments include: lunch, dinner, catering, smoothies/protein shakes and meal prep/plans in our various locations, and breakfast in
select locations. We expect to drive growth across our dayparts through enhanced menu offerings, and marketing campaigns. We plan to
continue introducing and marketing limited time offers to increase occasions across our dayparts as well as to educate customers on our
lunch and dinner offerings. Muscle Maker Grill restaurants and SuperFit Foods have the unique opportunity to grow in the pre-packaged,
portion-controlled meal prep/plan category. Currently, we offer pre-portioned and packaged meal prep/plans for consumers who want to
specifically plan their weekly meals for dietary or nutritional needs. These meal plans can be delivered to a consumer s home,
picked up at each restaurant location or at our Company-owned coolers placed inside fitness, wellness or lifestyle facilities. 

Third
party delivery services such as Uber Eats, Grub Hub, DoorDash and others offer an expansion beyond the four walls of our restaurants
and represents a growing segment of our overall revenue. We also have partnered with Snackpass in our Pokemoto restaurants. Snackpass
offers online ordering, delivery and pick up while also providing an in-store kiosk where customers can place their orders versus waiting
in line. Snackpass offers consumers the ability to earn game tokens for each order which can be used to play the Snackpass loyalty program
game. The Company uses this partnership as an alternative to traditional loyalty programs and represents, in some locations, a significant
portion of restaurant sales generated through this partnership. 

Our
strategy for Sadot is to own and operate, a wholesaling food business, focusing on international food commodity shipping, farming, sourcing
and production of key ingredients such as soy meal, corn, wheat, food oils, etc. The goal of Sadot is to launch Muscle Maker into a new
era by creating a comprehensive, global food company that stretches from sustainable farming, agricultural commodity shipping and trading,
distribution, productions and ultimately reaches consumers through the restaurant, franchise and meal prep companies. 

Sadot
was formed as part of our diversification strategy while still remaining within the overall food industry. We aim implement this strategy through product and process innovations, supply chain commitments, and a strategic approach to operational excellence with a focus
on increasing the volume and enhancing the efficiency of our global operations. 

Our
Strengths 

Restaurant
Division 

Iconic
and Unique Concept: We provide guests healthy-inspired versions of mainstream-favorite and customizable dishes that are intended
to taste great, in our effort to make it convenient, affordable and enjoyable to eat healthier. Our diverse menu was created for everyone
 fitness enthusiasts, those starting their journey to a healthier lifestyle, and people trying to eat better while on-the-go. 

We
are focused on expanding our presence through growing the Pokemoto brand within new and existing markets by continuing to add franchise
partners to our system and increasing the number of corporate-owned locations. We have already signed 60 franchise agreements and opened
13 new locations since August of 2022. Our corporate-owned restaurants will focus on creating Pokemoto/Muscle Maker combo units where
applicable. In addition to creating Pokemoto seed locations in key markets to supplement our franchise sales efforts while also offering
direct to consumer pre-made meal prep/plan offerings to consumers within the Jacksonville, Florida market via SuperFit Foods. 

Innovative,
Healthier Menu : Our menus feature items such as grass-fed steak, all-natural chicken, lean turkey, plant-based products, tofu, chicken,
salmon, shrimp, sushi grade tuna as well as options that satisfy all dietary preferences from the carb-free consumer to guests
following gluten-free or vegetarian diets. Our brands do not sacrifice taste to serve healthy-inspired options. We develop and source
proprietary sauces and fat free or zero-carb dressings to enhance our unique flavor profiles. In addition to our healthy-inspired and
diverse food platform, we offer 100 real fruit smoothies, boosters and proprietary protein shakes as well as retail supplements. While
our Pokemoto concept offers consumers the possibility to customize their meal every time. Consumers move down a linear production line
similar to Chipotle or Subway choosing their toppings with a modern twist including tofu, chicken, salmon, shrimp, lobster seafood salad,
and sushi grade tuna. Pokemoto also offers a variety of flavors of Boba Teas. 

The
Company prides itself on making healthy-inspired versions of the guest s favorite food, giving them easy access to the food they
seek at our restaurants. This means catering to an array of healthier eating lifestyles. For over 20 years Muscle Maker Grill restaurants
has been providing food to gluten-free diners, low-carbohydrate consumers and vegetarians. We offer over 30 versions of salads, wraps,
bowls, sandwiches and flatbreads. With the addition of Pokemoto we now also offer six types of protein, a base of white/brown rice or
salad, over 25 mix ins/toppings including avocado, kani salad, pickled daikon, hijiki seaweed, masago, mandarin orange, edamame, mango,
roasted cashews or wonton crisps to name a few and topped off with over eight proprietary sauces that are made in house. All this gets
mixed up together creating a flavor explosion that is customizable for each customer. 

7 

Delivery:
 Delivery is an option through our online ordering platform or third-party delivery apps making it easy and convenient for our guests.
Delivery percentages range from 10 up to 85 of sales in our corporate locations. We strongly believe the delivery segment will continue
to grow as our core demographic has demonstrated the need for online ordering and delivery versus dine-in and take-out. We and our franchise
owners leverage employees for local delivery but also use third party services such as Uber Eats, GrubHub, DoorDash and others to fulfill
delivery orders. SuperFit Foods delivers twice per week utilizing independent contractors to Company-owned coolers placed inside fitness,
wellness or lifestyle facilities where consumers conveniently pick up their orders after their workouts or during their daily routines. 

Meal
Prep/Plans: To make healthy-inspired eating even easier, Muscle Maker Grill s healthy-inspired menu items are available through
our Meal Prep/Plan program, allowing pre-orders of meals via phone, online or in-store, available for pick up or delivered right to their
door. Available as 5, 10, 15, or 20 meals, guests can choose from over 40 Muscle Maker Grill menu items for each meal. 

SuperFit
Foods consists of pre-made, ready-to-eat meals that focus on specific dietary needs like keto, vegetarian, high protein, low sugars,
etc. SuperFit Foods offers over 150 different meal options to choose from as well as various healthy juices, snacks and desserts. SuperFit
Foods operates as a subscription model where consumers are automatically charged each month. Consumers order online, provide their credit
card information and have over 150 options to choose from. Guests can also opt. to select their likes and dislikes and meal selection
becomes automatic. SuperFit Foods distribution process is different than most meal prep companies. Other meal prep companies ship
meals directly to consumer s homes or use their own fleet of vehicles to drop orders off at homes. SuperFit Foods prepares all
meals in a temperature-controlled facility allowing for higher food safety and freshness. The SuperFit Foods model uses Company-owned
coolers placed inside fitness, wellness or lifestyle facilities. 

Sadot 

On
November 14, 2022 (the Effective Date ), the Company, Sadot and Aggia LLC FC, a company established under the laws of
United Arab Emirates Aggia entered into a Services Agreement (the Services Agreement ). Pursuant to the
Services Agreement, Sadot engaged Aggia to provide specialized advisory services to support the establishment, procurement, and
management of Sadot s global supply-chain integration business. The acquisition of assets and capabilities in sustainable
Agri-Commodity farming, trading, transporting and processing, with the goal of eventually retailing through MMI s restaurant brands is a
critical component of this venture. 

In
order to assist with the growth of the Sadot business MMI expects to capitalize on the years of experience and industry knowledge of
Aggia and leverage their expertise into additional verticals, without the time and capital outlaw of hiring the professionals independently. 

Our
Properties 

Rent
Structure: Our restaurants are typically located in retail centers as in-line locations or food court type settings in universities
or military bases. A typical restaurant generally ranges from 800 to 2,500 square feet with seating for up to approximately 40 people.
Our leases for Company-operated locations generally have terms of one to ten years, with one or two renewal terms of one year to ten
years. Restaurant leases provide for a specified annual rent, and some leases call for additional or contingent rent based on revenue
above specified levels. Generally, our leases are net leases that require us to pay a pro rata share of taxes, insurance
and maintenance costs. New leases for our non-traditional locations usually have rent calculated as a percentage of net sales and have
terms up to 10 years. We do not guarantee performance or have any liability regarding franchise location leases. 

System-Wide
Restaurant Counts: As of December 31, 2022, our restaurant system consisted of 44 restaurants comprised of 19 Company-operated
restaurants and 25 franchised restaurants located in California, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Kansas, Maryland, Massachusetts,
Mississippi, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, Washington and Kuwait. 

Site
Selection Process: We consider the location of a restaurant to be a critical variable in its long-term performance, and as such,
we devote significant effort to the investigation and evaluation of potential restaurant locations. Our in-house management team has
extensive experience developing hundreds of locations for various brands. We use a combination of our in-house team and outside real
estate consultants to locate, evaluate and negotiate new sites using various criteria including demographic characteristics, daytime
population thresholds and traffic patterns, along with the potential visibility of, and accessibility to, the restaurant. The process
for selecting locations incorporates managements and franchisee s experience and expertise and includes data collection and analysis.
Additionally, we use information and intelligence gathered from managers and other restaurant personnel that live in or near the neighborhoods
we are considering. 

8 

Direct
to consumer meal prep/plan locations can either be through existing Muscle Maker Grill restaurant locations or can be set up like a commissary
where meals are prepared in a temperature-controlled kitchen space, not open to consumer traffic like SuperFit Foods. These locations
can be in any area if pick up service via UPS or FedEx is available. This allows the Company to build out locations in favorable rent
situations while being able to mail meal prep/plans direct to consumers within a 250-mile radius or conveniently drop off meals at various
pick-up locations throughout the market. 

Our
Restaurant Design 

After
identifying a lease site, we commence our restaurant buildout. Our typical restaurant is an inline retail space or food court that
ranges in size from 800 to 2,500 square feet. Our restaurants are characterized by a unique exterior and interior design, color
schemes, and layout, including specially designed decor and furnishings. Restaurant interiors incorporate modern designs and rich
colors in an effort to provide a clean and inviting environment and fun, family-friendly atmosphere. Each restaurant is designed in
accordance with plans we develop; and constructed with a similar design motif and trade dress. Restaurants are generally located
near other business establishments that will attract customers who desire healthier food at fair prices served in a casual, fun
environment. We estimate it takes approximately four to six months from identification and lease signing of the specific site to
opening the restaurant. This timeframe can be shortened to as little at 90 days pending the amount of time it takes to acquire
equipment and complete leasehold improvements. 

Our
Restaurant Management and Operations 

Service:
 We are extremely focused on customer service. We aim to provide fast, friendly service on a solid foundation of dedicated, driven
team members and managers. Our team members and managers are responsible for our dining room environment, personally visiting tables
to ensure every customer s satisfaction. 

Operations:
 We intend to measure the execution of our system standards within each restaurant through an audit program for quality, service and
cleanliness. The goal is to conduct these audits quarterly and may be more or less frequent based upon restaurant performance. Additionally,
we have food safety and quality assurance programs designed to maintain the high standards for food and food preparation procedures used
by both Company-operated and franchised restaurants. 

Managers
and Team Members: Each of our restaurants typically has a manager or shift leader. At each Muscle Maker Grill restaurant location
there are usually between six and ten team members who prepare our food fresh daily and provide customer service. At each Pokemoto location
there are usually between two and four team members who prepare our food fresh daily and provide customer service. 

We
are selective in our hiring processes, aiming to staff our restaurants with team members that are friendly, customer-focused and driven
to provide high-quality products. Our team members are cross-trained in several disciplines to maximize depth of competency and efficiency
in critical restaurant functions. 

Training:
 Our Franchisee training generally consists of 10 to 14 days in a certified training location, and an additional 7 to 10 days post
opening training. Our operational team members provide consistent, ongoing training through follow up restaurant visits, inspections
or email or phone correspondences. 

Our
Franchise Program 

Overview:
 We use a franchising strategy to increase new restaurant growth, especially as we focus on growing the Pokemoto brand, in certain
United States and international markets, leveraging the ownership of entrepreneurs with specific local market expertise and requiring
a relatively minimal capital commitment by us. We believe the franchise revenue generated from our franchise base has historically served
as an important source of stable and recurring cash flows to us and, as such, we plan to expand our base of franchised restaurants. We
have signed 60 franchise agreements and opened 13 new locations since August 2022. We currently have over 50 franchise agreements sold,
but not yet opened. In existing markets, we encourage growth from current franchisees. In our expansion markets, we seek highly motivated
and entrepreneurial new franchisees for single-unit or multi-unit development opportunities. We market our franchise opportunities with
the support of a franchising section on our website, social media, trade shows and other marketing tactics. 

9 

Franchise
Owner Support: We believe creating a foundation of initial and on-going support is important to future performance for both our franchisees
and our brand. 

We
have a mandatory training program that was designed to ensure that our franchise owners and their managers are equipped with the knowledge
and necessary skills to operate our concept. The program consists of hands-on training in the operation and management of the restaurant.
Training is conducted by a general training manager who has been certified by us for training. Instructional materials for the initial
training program include our operations manual, crew training system, wall charts, job aids, recipe books, product build cards, management
training materials, food safety book, videos and other materials we may create from time to time. Training must be successfully completed
before a trainee can be assigned to a restaurant as a manager. 

We
also provide numerous opportunities for communication and shared feedback between us and franchise owners. Currently, we communicate
on a frequent basis through email and virtual meetings allowing for questions and answers with all franchisees. In addition, our operations
and marketing teams conduct phone calls and/or on-site visits on a frequent basis with franchisees on current operational changes, new
products, revenue generating ideas, cost savings, and local store marketing. 

Franchise
Agreements: 

The
franchise agreements currently: 

Have
 terms for 10 through 20 years, with termination dates ranging from 2023 until 2041. These
 agreements are generally renewable for terms ranging from 5 to 10 years. 

Provide
 for the payment of initial franchise fees ranging from 5,000 to 35,000. 

Require
 the payment of on-going royalty payments ranging from 2 to 6 of net sales at the franchise
 location. In addition, franchisees contribute ranging from 1 to 2 (total) of net sales
 to the marketing and brand development/advertising fund. 

Franchisees
 are licensed the right to use the Muscle Maker Grill or Pokemoto 
 trademarks, its confidential operating manual and other intellectual property in connection
 with the operation of a Muscle Maker Grill or Pokemoto restaurant at a location authorized
 by us. 

Franchisees
 are granted a protected territory prohibiting the establishment of another Muscle Maker Grill
 or Pokemoto restaurant within a geographic territory, the scope of which is the subject of
 negotiation between Muscle Maker Development LLC or Poke Co Holdings LLC and the franchisee. 

Franchisees
 are required to offer only those food products that are authorized by Muscle Maker Development
 LLC or Poke Co Holdings LLC, prepared using our proprietary recipes; and may obtain most
 supplies only from suppliers that are approved or designated by Muscle Maker Development
 LLC or Poke Co Holdings LLC. Muscle Maker Development LLC or Poke Co Holdings LLC receives
 rebates from various vendors or distributors based on total system wide purchases. 

As
 partial consideration for payment of the initial franchise fee and on-going royalties, Muscle
 Maker Development LLC or Poke Co Holdings LLC loans its franchisees a copy of its confidential
 operating manual. 

Administers
 the advertising/brand development fund and provides franchisees with pre-opening and on-going
 assistance including site selection assistance, pre-opening training, and in-term training. 

Multi-Unit
Development Agreements: Franchisees who desire to develop more than one restaurant and who have the financial strength and managerial
capability to develop more than one restaurant may enter into a multi-unit development agreement. Under a multi-unit development agreement,
the franchisee agrees to open a specified number of restaurants, at least two, within a defined geographic area in accordance with an
agreed upon development schedule which could span several months or years. Each restaurant, in accordance with the development schedule,
requires the execution of a separate franchise agreement prior to site approval and construction, which in most cases will be the then
current franchise agreement, except that the initial franchise fee, royalty and advertising expenditures will be those in effect at the
time the multi-unit agreement is executed. Multi-unit development agreements require the payment of a development fee ranging from 20,000
to 35,000 for the first restaurant plus ranging from 10,000 to 17,500 multiplied by the number of additional restaurants that must
be opened under such development agreement. The entire development fee is payable at the time the multi-unit development agreement is
signed; however, the development fee actually paid for a particular restaurant is credited as a deposit against the initial franchise
fee that is payable when the franchise agreement for the particular franchise is signed. 

10 

Area
Representative Agreements: Pursuant to our area representative agreements, the area representatives will identify and refer prospective
franchisee candidates to us, provide franchisees with our site selection criteria and assist franchisees to complete a site review package,
and will advise franchisees concerning our standards and specifications, perform on-going training as required and make quarterly on-site
visits and inspections, but we retain control of all decision-making authority relative to the franchisees, including franchisee approval,
site location approval and determination whether franchisees are in compliance with their franchise agreements. 

Area
representative agreements are generally for a term ranging from 10 to 20 years, in consideration for which we generally compensate area
representatives with a range of 1 to 2 of net sales of the franchises that are under the area representative for the term of the agreement
as well as up to 50 of the initial franchise fees for new franchise agreements. 

Our
Marketing and Advertising 

We
promote our restaurants and products through multiple advertising campaigns. The campaigns aim to deliver our message of fresh and healthy-inspired
product offerings. The campaign emphasizes our points of differentiation, from our fresh ingredients and in-house preparation to the
preparation of our healthy inspired meals. 

We
use multiple marketing channels, including social media such as Facebook, Instagram and Twitter, email, text marketing, local store marketing,
public relations/press releases and other methods to broadly drive brand awareness and purchases of our featured products. We complement
this periodically with direct mail. 

Our
Purchasing and Distribution 

Maintaining
a high degree of quality in our restaurants depends in part on our ability to acquire fresh ingredients and other necessary supplies
that meet our specifications from reliable suppliers. Food and supplies are delivered to most of our restaurants one to two times per
week. Our franchisees are required to use our primary distributors, or an approved regional distributor and franchisees must purchase
food and supplies from approved suppliers. In our normal course of business, we evaluate bids from multiple suppliers for various products.
Fluctuations in supply and prices can significantly impact our restaurant service and profit performance. 

Since
Sadot is widely diversified in global agribusiness markets, there are no material seasonal fluctuations in overall global processing
volumes and the sale and distribution of its products and services. There is a degree of seasonality in the growing cycles, procurement,
and transportation of our principal raw materials: oilseeds, corn, wheat, and other grains. 

The
prices of agricultural commodities, which may fluctuate significantly and change quickly, directly affect our Company s working
capital requirements. Working capital requirements have historically trended with inventory levels. No material part of the Company s
business is dependent upon a single customer or very few customers. 

Our
Intellectual Property 

We
have registered Pokemoto , SuperFit Foods , Muscle Maker Grill , Meal Plan AF ,
MMG Burger Bar and certain other names used by our restaurants as trademarks or service marks with the United States
Patent and Trademark Office and Muscle Maker Grill in one foreign country. Our brand campaign, Great Food with Your Health
in Mind , has also been approved for registration with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. We have also filed
for the for the trademarks get in the aloha state of mind and meal prep and chill , which are currently pending
with the United States Patent and Trademark Office In addition, the Muscle Maker Grill, Pokemoto and SuperFit Foods logos, recipes, trade
dress, packaging, website name and address and Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and other social media and internet accounts are our intellectual
property. Our policy is to pursue and maintain registration of service marks and trademarks in those countries where business strategy
requires us to do so and to oppose vigorously any infringement or dilution of the service marks or trademarks in such countries. We maintain
the recipe for our healthy inspired recipes, as well as certain proprietary standards, specifications and operating procedures, as trade
secrets or confidential proprietary information. 

11 

Our
Competition 

Restaurant
Division 

We
operate in the restaurant industry, which is highly competitive and fragmented. The number, size and strength of competitors vary by
region. Our competition includes a variety of locally owned restaurants and national and regional chains that offer dine-in, carry-out
and delivery services as well as meal prep companies. Our competition in the broadest perspective includes restaurants, pizza parlors,
convenience food stores, delicatessens, supermarkets, third party delivery services, direct to consumer meal prep and club stores. However,
we indirectly compete with fast-casual restaurants, including Chipotle and Panera Bread, among others, and with healthy inspired fast-casual
restaurants, such as Pokeworks, Freshii and Veggie Grill as well as direct-to-consumer meal prep such as Freshly, among others. 

We
believe competition within the fast-casual restaurant and meal prep segments is based primarily on ambience, price, taste, quality and
the freshness of the menu items. We also believe that QSR competition is based primarily on quality, taste, speed of service, value,
brand recognition, restaurant location and customer service. We believe the restaurant industry has changed over the past few years due
to the COVID-19 specifically as it relates to delivery and how consumers interact with brands. This changing environment will require
flexibility and the ability to rapidly make adjustments. 

As
consumer preferences continue to evolve into healthier eating options, most restaurants are developing healthier menu choices. As more
restaurants offer healthier options, the competition for our product offerings becomes more intense and could pose a significant threat
to future revenues. However, we believe our experience, size and flexibility allows Muscle Maker, Inc s portfolio of Companies
to adapt faster than many other restaurant concepts. 

Sadot 

Sadot
operates in the global agribusiness industry. We have significant competition in the markets in which we operate based principally on
price, foreign exchange rates, quality, global supply and alternative products. Given the commodity-based nature of our business, Sadot,
on an ongoing basis, expects to focus on managing unit costs and improving efficiency through technology improvements and productivity
enhancements. 

Our
Management Information Systems 

All
of our Company-operated and franchised restaurants use computerized point-of-sale and back-office systems, which we believe are scalable
to support our long-term growth plans. The point-of-sale system provides a touch screen interface and a stand-alone high-speed credit
card and gift card processing terminal. The point-of-sale system is used to collect daily transaction data, which generates information
about daily sales and product mix that we actively analyze. Our SuperFit Foods division sales are 100 online through the superfitfoods.com
website. 

Our
computer systems are designed to assist in the management of MMI. The systems also provide corporate headquarters and our operations
team with quick access to detailed business data and reduces the time spent by our managers on administrative needs. The systems also
provide sales, bank deposit and variance data to our accounting department. 

Third
party delivery and meal prep/plan sales are ordered using online software or apps with reports generated through various software packages
provided by the third-parties. 

Our
Corporate Structure 

Overview:
 Muscle Maker, Inc. serves as a holding company of the following subsidiaries: 

Muscle
 Maker Development, LLC, a directly wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Nevada on
 July 18, 2019, for the purpose of running our existing franchise operations and continuing
 to franchise the Muscle Maker Grill name and business system to qualified franchisees. 

Muscle
 Maker Corp. LLC, a directly wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Nevada on July 18,
 2019, for the purposes of developing new corporate stores and to also operate these new and
 existing corporate restaurants which presently holds the following entities: 

MMG
 Ft. Bliss, Inc, a wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Texas on January 28, 2016,
 to run a Company-owned restaurant. 

12 

MMG
 Tribeca, Inc, a wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in New Jersey on July 21, 2026,
 to run a Company-owned restaurant. 

Muscle
 Maker USA, Inc., a directly wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Texas on March 14,
 2019, for the purpose of holding specific assets related to a company financing arrangement. 

Muscle
 Maker Development International. LLC, a directly wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed
 in Nevada on November 13, 2020, to franchise the Muscle Maker Grill name and business system
 to qualified franchisees internationally. 

SuperFit
 Foods, LLC, a directly wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Nevada on February 23,
 2021, for the purpose of running our subscription based fresh-prepared meal prep business
 located in Jacksonville, Florida. 

TNB
 Holdings LLC, a directly wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Connecticut for the
 purpose of running our existing Company-owned location which presently holds the following
 entities: 

Pokemoto
 LLC, a directly wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Nevada on August 19, 2021, to
 serve as a holding company of the following subsidiaries. 

TNB
 Holdings II LLC, a directly wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Connecticut for
 the purpose of running our existing Company-owned location. 

LB
 Holdings LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Connecticut for the purpose
 of running our existing Company-owned location. 

GLL
 Enterprises LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Connecticut for the purpose
 of running our existing Company-owned location. 

PKM
 Stamford LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Connecticut for the purpose
 of running our existing Company-owned location. 

Poke
 Co LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Connecticut for the purpose of running
 our existing Company-owned location. 

Pokemoto
 Orange Park LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Nevada on March 31, 2022
 for the purpose of running Company-owned locations. 

Pokemoto
 Kansas LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Nevada on July 28, 2022 for the
 purpose of running Company-owned locations. 

Poke
 Co Holdings LLC, a directly wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Connecticut on July
 18, 2018 to franchise the Pokemoto name and business system to qualified franchisees. 

Sadot
 LLC, a directly wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Delaware on October 19, 2022
 to participate in activities such as sourcing, distributing and production of agriculture
 products. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

You
should carefully review the risks described below as they identify important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially
from our forward-looking statements, expectations and historical trends. Any of the following risk factors, either by itself or together
with other risk factors, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

The
novel coronavirus (COVID-19) global pandemic has had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Developments
related to COVID-19, which was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization in March 2020, have adversely impacted, and
may continue to adversely impact our business and results of operations. The impacts of COVID-19 have included the loss of revenues due
to store closures, reduced store-level operations, full or partial dining room closures and other restrictions on our business and operations.
During 2021 and 2022, the overall adverse impact of COVID-19 on our operations was less significant than in 2020, but we continued to
see negative impacts as of the end of 2022 due to COVID-19 outbreaks and resulting government restrictions limiting mobility, difficulty
in hiring employees, availability of key ingredients and inflationary pressures across multiple parts of our business. 

13 

Conversely,
for our restaurants that prominently feature carryout and delivery options, the pandemic has in many cases contributed to an increase
in sales since the onset of the pandemic. If the impact of the pandemic continues to recede and the restaurant industry in general returns
to more normal operations, the benefits to sales experienced by certain of our restaurants could wane and our results could be negatively
impacted. 

We
and our franchisees have made operational changes intended to safeguard employees and customers in response to COVID-19. These operational
changes have increased and may continue to increase restaurant operating costs and impact restaurant-level margins and return on invested
capital. Our and our franchisees restaurants have also experienced, and may continue to experience, interruptions of food and
other supplies as well as labor shortages. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has required and may continue to require us to implement
certain precautionary measures, such as in relation to vaccinations, testing and face coverings, which could adversely impact our operations,
employee retention and satisfaction, and the willingness of customers to visit our restaurants. 

Our
success is heavily reliant on our Concepts franchisees, and the COVID-19 pandemic has caused and may continue to cause financial
distress for certain franchisees, particularly those located in areas most significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result
of this distress, certain of our franchisees have been unable to, or in the future may be unable to, meet their financial obligations
to us as they come due, including the payment of royalties, or other amounts due to us. Additionally, certain of our franchisees have
been unable to, or in the future may be unable to make payments to landlords, distributors and key suppliers, as well as payments to
service any debt they may have outstanding. Franchisee financial distress has also led to, and may continue to lead to, permanent store
closures and delayed or reduced new franchisee development, which may further harm our results and liquidity. 

We
are unable to fully predict the impact that COVID-19 will have on our and our franchisees operations going forward due to various
uncertainties, including the severity and duration of the pandemic, the timing, availability acceptance and effectiveness of
medical treatments and vaccines, the spread of potentially more contagious and/or virulent forms of COVID-19, including variants that
may be more resistant to currently available vaccines and treatments, the extent to which COVID-19 may cause customers to continue to
be reluctant to return to in-restaurant dining or otherwise change their consumption patterns (including after the COVID-19 pandemic
has ended), actions that may be taken by governmental authorities, and the extent to which ongoing governmental restrictions in certain
regions will be lifted, and the ongoing impact of the pandemic on economic conditions in the U.S. and globally. 

We
could be materially impacted in the future if a more severe variant would arise causing disruptions far more severe than we have experienced.
In such circumstances, Sadot may be unable to perform fully on its contractual obligations, critical global supply chain and logistical
networks may be affected, and costs and working capital needs may increase. These cost increases may not be fully recoverable or adequately
covered by insurance. In addition, demand for certain products that Sadot produces, particularly ingredients that go into food and beverages
that support the food services channels, could be materially impacted from a prolonged COVID-19 variant outbreak or significant local
resurgences of the virus, leading to additional government-imposed lockdowns, quarantines, or other restrictions. 

Moreover,
if conditions related to the COVID-19 pandemic result in significant disruptions to capital and financial markets, or negatively impact
our credit ratings, our cost of borrowing, our ability to access capital on favorable terms and our overall liquidity and capital structure
could be adversely impacted. 

Inflationary
pressures across all services, equipment, commodities, labor, rent and other areas of the business may cause a negative impact on our
financial results if we are not able to pass these increased costs in the form of price increases to consumers or find alternative options
to reduce costs. 

The
global supply chain is currently experiencing extensive inflationary pressures across most segments of the economy. While these increases
may be temporary, we may have to implement price increases in order to maintain acceptable margins. We have no ability to predict how
long these increased costs will last and if consumers will be able or willing to accept retail price increases, decreased portion sizes,
alternative ingredients or other measures to offset the overall rise in our cost structure. Without being able to pass along these increases
in costs to consumers, we may experience a negative impact on our margins. 

14 

We
may need additional capital to fund our operations, which, if obtained, could result in substantial dilution or significant debt service
obligations. We may not be able to obtain additional capital on commercially reasonable terms, which could adversely affect our liquidity
and financial position. 

In
order to continue operating, we may need to obtain additional financing, either through borrowings, private placements, public offerings,
or some type of business combination, such as a merger, or buyout, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in such pursuits.
We may be unable to acquire the additional funding necessary to continue operating. Accordingly, if we are unable to generate adequate
cash from operations, and if we are unable to find sources of funding, it may be necessary for us to sell one or more lines of business
or all or a portion of our assets, enter into a business combination, or reduce or eliminate operations. These possibilities, to the
extent available, may be on terms that result in significant dilution to our shareholders or that result in our shareholders losing all
of their investment in our Company. 

We
require significant capital in relation to our Sadot operations, including continuing access to credit markets, to operate our current
business and fund our growth strategy. Our working capital requirements, including margin requirements on open positions on futures exchanges,
are directly affected by the price of agricultural commodities, which may fluctuate significantly and change quickly. Moreover, the expansion
of our business and pursuit of acquisitions or other business opportunities may require significant amounts of capital. Access to credit
markets and pricing of our capital is dependent upon maintaining sufficient credit ratings from credit rating agencies. Sufficient credit
ratings allow us to access cost competitive tier one commercial paper markets. If we are unable to maintain sufficiently high credit
ratings, access to these commercial paper and other debt markets and costs of borrowings could be adversely affected. If we are unable
to generate sufficient cash flow or maintain access to adequate external financing, including as a result of significant disruptions
in the global credit markets, it could restrict our current operations and our growth opportunities. We manage this risk with constant
monitoring of credit/liquidity metrics, cash forecasting, and routine communications with credit rating agencies regarding risk management
practices. 

LIBOR
(London Interbank Offered rate) has been the subject of recent proposals for international reform, and it is anticipated LIBOR will be
discontinued or modified by June 2023. Our variable rate debt, credit facilities, certain derivative agreements, and commercial agreements
may use LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing interest rates. Although we do not expect that a transition from LIBOR will have a material
adverse impact on its financing costs, the Company continues to monitor developments. 

If
we need to raise additional capital, we do not know what the terms of any such capital raising would be. In addition, any future sale
of our equity securities could dilute the ownership and control of your shares and could be at prices substantially below prices at which
our shares currently trade. We may seek to increase our cash reserves through the sale of additional equity or debt securities. The sale
of convertible debt securities or additional equity securities could result in additional and potentially substantial dilution to our
shareholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could result in operating and financing
covenants that would restrict our operations and liquidity. In addition, our ability to obtain additional capital on acceptable terms
is subject to a variety of uncertainties. We cannot assure you that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to
us, if at all. Any failure to raise additional funds on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and financial
condition. 

We
face intense competition in our markets, which could negatively impact our business. 

Our
Company faces significant competition in each of its businesses and has numerous competitors, who can be different depending upon each
of the business segments in which we participate. We compete for the acquisition of inputs such as raw materials, transportation services,
and other materials and supplies, as well as for workforce and talent. 

The
restaurant industry is intensely competitive, and we compete with many well-established food service companies on the basis of product
choice, quality, affordability, service and location. We expect competition in each of our markets to continue to be intense because
consumer trends are favoring limited-service restaurants that offer healthy-inspired menu items made with better quality products, and
many limited-service restaurants are responding to these trends. With few barriers to entry, our competitors include a variety of independent
local operators, in addition to well-capitalized regional, national and international restaurant chains, meal prep and franchises, and
new competitors may emerge at any time. Furthermore, delivery aggregators and food delivery services provide consumers with convenient
access to a broad range of competing restaurant chains and food retailers, particularly in urbanized areas. Each of our brands also competes
for qualified franchisees, suitable restaurant locations and management and personnel. Our ability to compete will depend on the success
of our plans to improve existing products, to develop and roll-out new products, to effectively respond to consumer preferences and to
manage the complexity of restaurant operations as well as the impact of our competitors actions. In addition, our long-term success
will depend on our ability to strengthen our customers digital experience through expanded mobile ordering, delivery and social
interaction. Some of our competitors have substantially greater financial resources, higher revenues and greater economies of scale than
we do. These advantages may allow them to implement their operational strategies more quickly or effectively than we can or benefit from
changes in technologies, which could harm our competitive position. These competitive advantages may be exacerbated in a difficult economy,
thereby permitting our competitors to gain market share. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully respond to changing
consumer preferences, including with respect to new technologies and alternative methods of delivery. If we are unable to maintain our
competitive position, we could experience lower demand for products, downward pressure on prices, reduced margins, an inability to take
advantage of new business opportunities, a loss of market share, reduced franchisee profitability and an inability to attract qualified
franchisees in the future. Any of these competitive factors may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results
of operations. 

15 

Competition
in our Sadot division impacts our ability to generate and increase our gross profit as a result of the following factors: Pricing of
our products is partly dependent upon industry processing capacity, which is impacted by competitor actions to bring idled capacity on-line,
build new production capacity or execute aggressive consolidation; many of the products bought and sold by our Company are global commodities
or are derived from global commodities that are highly price competitive and, in many cases, subject to substitution; significant changes
in exchange rates of foreign currencies versus the U.S. dollar, particularly the currencies of major crop growing countries, could also
make goods and products of these countries more competitive than U.S. products; improved yields in different crop growing regions may
reduce the reliance on origination territories in which we have a significant presence; and continued merger and acquisition activities
resulting in further consolidations could result in greater cost competitiveness and global scale of certain players in the industry,
especially when acquirers are state-owned and/or backed by public funds and have profit and return objectives that may differ from publicly
traded enterprises. To compete effectively, our Company focuses on safely improving efficiency in its production and distribution operations,
developing and maintaining appropriate market presence, maintaining a high level of product safety and quality, supporting socially responsible
and sustainable practices, promoting environmental responsibility, and working with customers to develop new products and tailored solutions. 

There
are risks associated with our increasing dependence on digital commerce platforms to maintain and grow sales. 

Customers
are increasingly using e-commerce websites, apps and apps owned by third-party delivery aggregators and third-party mobile payment processors,
to order and pay for our concepts products. Moreover, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in an increase in the use of third-party
delivery services by our concepts. Many restaurants in each of our concepts now offer consumers the ability to have the concept s
food delivered through third-party delivery services. As a result, our concepts and our concepts franchisees are increasingly
reliant on digital ordering and payment as a sales channel and our business could be negatively impacted if we are unable to successfully
implement, execute or maintain our consumer-facing initiatives. If the third-party apps or aggregators that we utilize for delivery,
cease or curtail their operations, fail to maintain sufficient labor force to satisfy demand, materially change fees, access or visibility
to our products or give greater priority or promotions on their platforms to our competitors, our business may be negatively impacted.
These digital ordering and payment platforms also could be damaged or interrupted by power loss, technological failures, user errors,
cyber-attacks, other forms of sabotage, inclement weather or natural disasters. The digital ordering platforms relied upon by our concepts
have experienced interruptions and could experience further interruptions, which could limit or delay customers ability to order
through such platforms or make customers less inclined to return to such platforms. 

It
is difficult for us to anticipate the level of sales from digital platforms may generate. That may result in operational challenges,
both in fulfilling orders made through these channels and in operating our restaurants as we balance fulfillment of these orders with
service of our traditional in-restaurant guests as well. Any such operational challenges may negatively impact the customer experience
associated with our digital or delivery orders, the guest experience for our traditional in-restaurant business, or both. These factors
may adversely impact our sales and our brand reputation. Our SuperFit Foods division relies 100 on web-based ordering through the superfitfoods.com
website. 

We
are vulnerable to changes in consumer preferences and economic conditions that could harm our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flow. 

Food
service businesses depend on consumer discretionary spending and are often affected by changes in consumer tastes, national, regional
and local economic conditions and demographic trends. Factors such as traffic patterns, weather, fuel prices, local demographics, location
closures specific to our military and university locations and the type, number and locations of competing restaurants may adversely
affect the performances of individual locations. In addition, economic downturns, wage rates, health insurance costs, third-party delivery
services and fees, supplies of key ingredients especially tuna and salmon at our Pokemoto division or chicken at our Muscle Maker Grill
locations, inflation or increased food or energy costs could harm the restaurant industry in general and our locations in particular.
Adverse changes in any of these factors could reduce consumer traffic or impose practical limits on pricing that could harm our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. There can be no assurance that consumers will continue to regard healthy-inspired
fast food favorably or that we will be able to develop new menu items that appeal to consumer preferences. Our business, financial condition
and results of operations depend in part on our ability to anticipate, identify and respond to changing consumer preferences and economic
conditions. In addition, the restaurant industry is currently under heightened legal and legislative scrutiny related to menu labeling
and resulting from the perception that the practices of restaurant companies have contributed to nutritional, caloric intake, obesity
or other health concerns of their guests. If we are unable to adapt to changes in consumer preferences and trends, we may lose customers
and our revenues may decline or our costs to produce our products could significantly increase. 

16 

Our
restaurant division growth strategy depends in part on opening new restaurants in existing and new markets and expanding our franchise
system, especially in our Pokemoto division. We may be unsuccessful in opening new Company-operated or franchised restaurants or establishing
new markets, which could adversely affect our growth . 

One
of the key means to achieving our growth strategy will be through opening new restaurants to seed the market and selling franchises.
Our ability to open new restaurants and sell franchises is dependent upon a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control,
including our and our franchisees ability to: 

identify
 available and suitable restaurant sites; 

compete
 for restaurant sites; 

reach
 acceptable agreements regarding the lease or purchase of locations; 

obtain
 or have available the financing required to acquire and operate a restaurant, including construction
 and opening costs, which includes access to build-to-suit leases and equipment financing
 leases at favorable interest and capitalization rates; 

respond
 to unforeseen engineering or environmental problems with leased premises; 

avoid
 the impact of inclement weather, natural disasters, the continued impact of the COVID-19
 pandemic and other calamities; 

hire,
 train and retain the skilled management and other employees necessary to meet staffing needs; 

obtain,
 in a timely manner and for an acceptable cost, required licenses, permits and regulatory
 approvals and respond effectively to any changes in local, state or federal law and regulations
 that adversely affect our and our franchisees costs or ability to open new restaurants;
 and 

control
 construction and equipment cost increases for new restaurants. 

There
is no guarantee that a sufficient number of suitable restaurant sites will be available in desirable areas or on terms that are acceptable
to us in order to achieve our growth plan. If we are unable to open new restaurants or sign new franchisees, or if existing franchisees
do not open new restaurants, or if restaurant openings are significantly delayed, our revenues or earnings growth could be adversely
affected, and our business negatively affected. 

As
part of our long-term growth strategy, we may enter into geographic markets in which we have little or no prior operating or franchising
experience through Company-operated restaurant growth and through franchise development agreements. The challenges of entering new markets
include but are not limited to: difficulties in hiring experienced personnel; unfamiliarity with local real estate markets and demographics;
food distribution networks; lack of marketing efficiencies; operational support efficiencies; consumer unfamiliarity with our brand;
and different competitive and economic conditions, consumer tastes and discretionary spending patterns that are more difficult to predict
or satisfy than in our existing markets. Consumer recognition of our brand has been important to Company-operated and franchised restaurants
in our existing markets. Restaurants we open in new markets may take longer to reach expected sales and profit levels on a consistent
basis and may have higher construction, occupancy and operating costs than existing restaurants, thereby affecting our overall profitability.
Any failure on our part to recognize or respond to these challenges may adversely affect the success of any new restaurants. Expanding
our franchise system could require the implementation, expense and successful management of enhanced business support systems, management
information systems and financial controls as well as additional staffing, franchise support and capital expenditures and working capital. 

17 

Due
to brand recognition and logistical synergies, as part of our growth strategy, we also intend to open new restaurants in areas where
we have existing restaurants. The operating results and comparable restaurant sales for our restaurants could be adversely affected due
to close proximity with our other restaurants and market saturation. 

New
restaurants, once opened, may not be profitable or may close. 

Some
of our restaurants open with an initial start-up period of higher-than-normal sales volumes, which subsequently decrease to stabilized
levels. In new markets, the length of time before average sales for new restaurants to stabilize is less predictable and can be longer
as a result of our limited knowledge of these markets and consumers limited awareness of our brand. In addition, our average restaurant
revenues and comparable restaurant sales may not increase at the rates achieved over the past several years. Our ability to operate new
restaurants profitably and increase average restaurant revenues and comparable restaurant sales will depend on many factors, some of
which are beyond our control, including: 

consumer
 awareness and understanding of our brand; 

troop
 deployments, reductions or closures of our military base locations; 

closures
 of our university locations; 

supplies,
 equipment, commodity and other resource availability; 

general
 economic conditions, which can affect restaurant traffic, local labor costs and prices we
 pay for the food products and other supplies we use; 

consumption
 patterns and food preferences that may differ from region to region; 

changes
 in consumer preferences and discretionary spending; 

difficulties
 obtaining or maintaining adequate relationships with distributors or suppliers in new markets; 

increases
 in prices for commodities, including proteins; 

inefficiency
 in our labor costs as the staff gains experience; 

competition,
 either from our competitors in the restaurant industry or our own restaurants; 

temporary
 and permanent site characteristics of new restaurants; 

changes
 in government regulation; and 

other
 unanticipated increases in costs, any of which could give rise to delays or cost overruns. 

If
our new restaurants do not perform as planned or close, our business and future prospects could be harmed. In addition, an inability
to achieve our expected average restaurant revenues in both Company-owned and franchise locations, would have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Opening
new restaurants in existing markets may negatively impact sales at our and our franchisees existing restaurants. 

The
consumer target area of our and our franchisees restaurants varies by location, depending on a number of factors, including population
density, other local retail and business attractions, area demographics and geography. As a result, the opening of a new restaurant in
or near markets in which we or our franchisees already have restaurants could adversely impact sales at these existing restaurants.
Existing restaurants could also make it more difficult to build our and our franchisees consumer base for a new restaurant in
the same market. Our core business strategy does not entail opening new restaurants that we believe will materially affect sales at our
or our franchisees existing restaurants. However, we cannot guarantee there will not be a significant impact in some cases, and
we may selectively open new restaurants in and around areas of existing restaurants that are operating at or near capacity to effectively
serve our customers. Sales cannibalization between our restaurants may become significant in the future as we continue to expand our
operations and could affect our sales growth, which could, in turn, materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

18 

Our
sales growth and ability to achieve profitability could be adversely affected if comparable restaurant sales are less than we expect. 

The
level of comparable restaurant sales, which reflect the change in year-over-year sales for restaurants in the fiscal month following
15 months of operation using a mid-month convention, will affect our sales growth and will continue to be a critical factor affecting
our ability to generate profits because the profit margin on comparable restaurant sales is generally higher than the profit margin on
new restaurant sales. 

Our
marketing programs may not be successful, and our new menu items, advertising campaigns and restaurant designs or remodels may not generate
increased sales or profits. 

We
incur costs and expend other resources in our marketing efforts on new menu items, advertising campaigns and restaurant designs and remodels
to raise brand awareness and attract and retain customers. These initiatives may not be successful, resulting in expenses incurred without
the benefit of higher revenues. Additionally, some of our competitors have greater financial resources, which enable them to spend significantly
more on marketing and advertising and other initiatives than we are able to. Should our competitors increase spending on marketing and
advertising and other initiatives, or our marketing funds decrease for any reason, or should our advertising, promotions, new menu items
and restaurant designs and remodels be less effective than our competitors, there could be a material adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition. Our SuperFit Foods division relies heavily on web based, social media and local marketing to generate
new clients. The meal prep industry has a high cost of customer acquisition, and our marketing efforts may not prove to be successful
in generating new clients. 

Failure
to receive timely deliveries of food or other supplies could result in a loss of revenues and materially and adversely impact our operations. 

Our
Company-operated restaurants and franchisees ability to maintain consistent quality menu items and prices significantly depends
upon our ability to acquire quality food products from reliable sources in accordance with our specifications on a timely basis. Shortages
or interruptions in the supply of food products caused by unanticipated demand, worker shortages, inflation, problems in production or
distribution, contamination of food products, an outbreak of protein-based diseases, inclement weather, fuel supplies, governmental actions
or other conditions could materially adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of ingredients, which would adversely affect
our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We have contracts with a limited number of suppliers, and, in
some cases, a sole supplier, for certain products, supplies and ingredients. If that distributor or any supplier fails to perform as
anticipated or seeks to terminate agreements with us, or if there is any disruption in any of our supply or distribution relationships
for any reason, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. If we
or our franchisees temporarily close a restaurant or remove popular items from a restaurant s menu due to a supply shortage, that
restaurant may experience a significant reduction in revenues during the time affected by the shortage and thereafter if our customers
change their dining habits as a result. 

Changes
in food and supply costs or failure to receive frequent deliveries of food ingredients and other supplies could have an adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Although
we are currently generating a Net loss, our future profitability, if any, depends in part on our ability to anticipate and react to changes
in food and supply costs, and our ability to maintain our menu depends in part on our ability to acquire ingredients that meet specifications
from reliable suppliers. Shortages or interruptions in the availability of certain supplies caused by unanticipated demand, problems
in production or distribution, food contamination, pandemics such as the COVID 19, inclement weather, world conflicts or other conditions
could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of our ingredients, which could harm our operations. Any increase in the prices
of the food products most critical to our menu, such as chicken, seafood, beef, fresh produce, dairy products, packaging and other proteins,
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Although we try to manage the impact that these fluctuations have
on our operating results, we remain susceptible to increases in food and packaging costs as a result of factors beyond our control, such
as general economic conditions, seasonal fluctuations, weather conditions, inflation, demand, food safety concerns, generalized infectious
diseases, product recalls, fuel prices and other government regulations. Therefore, material increases in the prices of the ingredients
most critical to our menu could adversely affect our operating results or cause us to consider changes to our product delivery strategy
and adjustments to our menu pricing. 

19 

If
any of our distributors or suppliers perform inadequately, or our distribution or supply relationships are disrupted for any reason,
there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Although we often
enter into contracts for the purchase of food products and supplies, we do not have long-term contracts for the purchase of all such
food products and supplies. As a result, we may not be able to anticipate or react to changing food costs by adjusting our purchasing
practices or menu prices, which could cause our operating results to deteriorate. If we cannot replace or engage distributors or suppliers
who meet our specifications in a short period of time, that could increase our expenses and cause shortages of food and other items at
our restaurants, which could cause a restaurant to remove items from our menu. If that were to happen, affected restaurants could experience
significant reductions in sales during the shortage or thereafter, if customers change their dining habits as a result. In addition,
although we provide modestly priced food, we may choose not to, or may be unable to, pass along commodity price increases to consumers,
including price increases with respect to ground beef, chicken, seafood, produce, dairy, packaging or other commodities. These potential
changes in food and supply costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Failure
to manage our growth in the restaurant division effectively could harm our business and operating results 

Our
growth plan includes opening a significant number of new restaurants, both franchised and Company-owned. Our existing restaurant management
systems, financial and management controls and information systems may be inadequate to support our planned expansion. Managing our growth
effectively will require us to continue to enhance these systems, procedures and controls and to hire, train and retain managers and
team members. We may not respond quickly enough to the changing demands that our expansion will impose on our management, restaurant
teams and existing infrastructure, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
planned rapid increase in the number of our restaurants may make our future results unpredictable. 

We
intend to continue to increase the number of our Company-owned and franchised restaurants in the next several years, especially in the
Pokemoto division. This growth strategy and the substantial investment associated with the development of each new restaurant may cause
our operating results to fluctuate unpredictably or have an adverse effect on our profits. In addition, we may find that our restaurant
concept has limited appeal in new markets, or we may experience a decline in the popularity of our restaurant concept in the markets
in which we operate. Newly opened restaurants or our future markets and restaurants may not be successful, or our system-wide average
restaurant revenue may not increase, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
financial performance of our franchisees can negatively impact our business as we rely on an aggressive unit sales strategy. 

Our
revenue projections consist of both Company-operated and franchised locations. Our growth plans call for an aggressive approach to Pokemoto
franchise unit level sales and subsequent openings. As approximately 57 of our restaurants are franchised as of December 31, 2022, our
financial results are dependent in significant part upon the operational and financial success of our franchisees. In the event we cannot
meet these forecasts due to the inability to sell franchise locations in certain states, are prevented from selling franchises due to
historical performance, government regulations, licensing, state registrations, or other factors, we will have a material negative impact
on future revenues. Our revenue model and cash flows rely heavily on initial franchise fees, ongoing 2 to 6 royalties of total net
sales and vendor rebates on total purchases and services from franchised locations. A significant reduction in the total number of units
sold and subsequently opened would have a material adverse effect on future revenues. We also collect rebates from some vendors supplying
franchisees for food purchases, services and materials. We have established operational standards and guidelines for our franchisees;
however, we have limited control over how our franchisees businesses are run. While we are responsible for the anticipated success
of our entire system of restaurants and for taking a longer-term view with respect to system improvements, our franchisees have individual
business strategies and objectives, which might conflict with our interests. Our franchisees may not be able to secure adequate financing
to open or continue operating their Muscle Maker Grill or Pokemoto restaurants. If they incur too much debt or if economic or sales trends
deteriorate such that they are unable to repay existing debt, our franchisees could experience financial distress or even bankruptcy.
If a significant number of franchisees become financially distressed, it could harm our operating results through reduced royalty revenues
and the impact on our profitability could be greater than the percentage decrease in the royalty revenues. Closure of franchised restaurants
would reduce our royalty revenues and other sources of income and could negatively impact margins, since we may not be able to reduce
fixed costs which we continue to incur. 

20 

The
interests of our franchisees may conflict with ours or yours in the future and we could face liability from our franchisees or related
to our relationship with our franchisees. 

Franchisees,
as independent business operators, may from time to time disagree with us and our strategies regarding the business or our interpretation
of our respective rights and obligations under the franchise agreement and the terms and conditions of the franchisee/franchisor relationship.
This may lead to disputes with our franchisees, and we expect such disputes to occur from time to time in the future as we continue to
offer franchises. Such disputes may result in legal action against us. To the extent we have such disputes, the attention, time and financial
resources of our management and our franchisees will be diverted from our restaurants, which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows even if we have a successful outcome in the dispute. 

In
addition, various state and federal laws govern our relationship with our franchisees and our potential sale of a franchise. A franchisee
and/or a government agency may bring legal action against us based on the franchisee/franchisor relationships that could result in the
award of damages to franchisees and/or the imposition of fines or other penalties against us. 

We
have limited control with respect to the operations of our franchisees, which could have a negative impact on our business. 

Franchisees
are independent business operators and are not our employees, and we do not exercise control over the day-to-day operations of their
restaurants. We provide training and support to franchisees, and set and monitor operational standards, but the quality of franchised
restaurants may be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control. Consequently, franchisees may not successfully operate restaurants
in a manner consistent with our standards and requirements or may not hire and train qualified managers and other restaurant personnel.
If franchisees do not operate to our expectations, our image and reputation, and the image and reputation of other franchisees, may suffer
materially and system-wide sales could decline significantly, which would reduce our royalty and other revenues, and the impact on profitability
could be greater than the percentage decrease in royalties and fees. 

The
challenging economic environment may affect our franchisees, with adverse consequences to us. 

We
rely in part on our franchisees and the manner in which they operate their locations to develop and promote our business. Due to the
continuing challenging economic environment, it is possible that some franchisees could file for bankruptcy or become delinquent in their
payments to us, which could have a significant adverse impact on our business due to loss or delay in payments of royalties, elimination
of vendor rebates on franchisee purchases, contributions to our marketing development fund and brand development/advertising funds and
other fees. Bankruptcies by our franchisees could prevent us from terminating their franchise agreements so that we can offer their territories
to other franchisees, negatively impact our market share and operating results as we may have fewer well-performing restaurants, and
adversely impact our ability to attract new franchisees. 

We
cannot be certain that the developers and franchisees we select will have the business acumen or financial resources necessary to open
and operate successful franchises in their franchise areas, and state franchise laws may limit our ability to terminate or modify these
franchise arrangements. Moreover, franchisees may not successfully operate restaurants in a manner consistent with our standards and
requirements or may not hire and train qualified managers and other restaurant personnel. The failure of developers and franchisees to
open and operate franchises successfully could have a material adverse effect on us, our reputation, our brand and our ability to attract
prospective franchisees and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Franchisees
may not have access to the financial or management resources that they need to open the restaurants contemplated by their agreements
with us or be able to find suitable sites on which to develop them. Franchisees may not be able to negotiate an acceptable lease or purchase
terms for restaurant sites, obtain the necessary permits and government approvals or meet construction schedules. Any of these problems
could slow our growth and reduce our franchise revenues. Additionally, our franchisees typically depend on financing from banks and other
financial institutions, which may not always be available to them, in order to construct and open new restaurants. For these reasons,
franchisees operating under development agreements may not be able to meet the new restaurant opening dates required under those agreements. 

21 

Negative
publicity could reduce sales at some or all of our restaurants. 

We
may, from time to time, be faced with negative publicity relating to food quality, the safety, sanitation and welfare of our restaurant
facilities, customer complaints or litigation alleging illness or injury, health inspection scores, integrity of our or our suppliers 
food processing and other policies, practices and procedures, employee relationships and welfare or other matters at one or more of our
restaurants. Negative publicity may adversely affect us, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are held to be
responsible. In addition, the negative impact of adverse publicity relating to one restaurant may extend far beyond the restaurant involved,
especially due to the high geographic concentration of many of our restaurants, to affect some or all of our other restaurants, including
our franchised restaurants. The risk of negative publicity is particularly great with respect to our franchised restaurants because we
are limited in the manner in which we can regulate them, especially on a real-time basis and negative publicity from our franchised restaurants
may also significantly impact Company-operated restaurants. A similar risk exists with respect to food service businesses unrelated to
us, if customers mistakenly associate such unrelated businesses with our operations. Employee claims against us based on, among other
things, wage and hour violations, discrimination, harassment or wrongful termination may also create not only legal and financial liability
but negative publicity that could adversely affect us and divert our financial and management resources that would otherwise be used
to benefit the future performance of our operations. These types of employee claims could also be asserted against us, on a co-employer
theory, by employees of our franchisees. A significant increase in the number of these claims or an increase in the number of successful
claims could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Food
safety and quality concerns may negatively impact our business and profitability, our internal operational controls and standards may
not always be met, and our employees may not always act professionally, responsibly and in our and our customers best interests.
Any possible instances of food-borne illness could reduce our restaurant sales. 

Food-borne
illnesses, such as E. coli, Listeria, Salmonella, Cyclospora and Trichinosis, and food safety issues, such as food tampering, contamination
(including with respect to allergens) and adulteration or food- or beverage-borne illness, occur or may occur within our system from
time to time. Furthermore, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, there are now stricter health regulations and guidelines and increased public
concern over food safety standards and controls. Any report or publicity linking us or one of our Concepts restaurants or linking
our competitors or the retail food industry generally, to instances of food- or beverage-borne illness or food safety issues, could adversely
affect us and possibly lead to product liability claims, litigation, governmental investigations or actions, and damages. Moreover, the
reliance of our concepts restaurants on third-party food suppliers and distributors and increasing reliance on food delivery aggregators
increases the risk that food or beverage-borne illness incidents and food safety issues could be caused by factors outside of our direct
control. If a customer of one of our Concepts restaurants becomes ill from food or beverage-borne illnesses or as a result of
food safety issues, restaurants in our system may be temporarily closed, which could disrupt our operations and materially and adversely
affect our business. In addition, instances or allegations of food or beverage-borne illness or food safety issues, real or perceived,
involving our restaurants, restaurants of competitors, or our suppliers or distributors (regardless of whether we use or have used those
suppliers or distributors), or otherwise involving the types of food served at our restaurants, could result in negative publicity that
could adversely affect either our or our concepts franchisees revenues and profits. The occurrence of food or beverage-borne
illnesses or food safety issues could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients, which could result in
disruptions in our supply chain and/or lower margins for us and our Concepts franchisees. 

The
volatile credit and capital markets could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

Our
ability to manage our debt is dependent on our level of cash flow from Company-operated and franchised restaurants, net of costs. An
economic downturn may negatively impact our cash flows. Credit and capital markets can be volatile, which could make it more difficult
for us to refinance our existing debt or to obtain additional debt or equity financings in the future. Such constraints could increase
our costs of borrowing and could restrict our access to other potential sources of future liquidity. Our failure to have sufficient liquidity
to make interest and other payments required by our debt could result in a default of such debt and acceleration of our borrowings, which
would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. The lack of availability or access to build-to-suit leases
and equipment financing leases could result in a decreased number of new restaurants and have a negative impact on our growth. 

A
military conflict or large troop deployment could affect our revenue at Company and franchise military locations in the future. 

We
have multiple Company-owned non-traditional military base locations. Our military base locations are built in support of Operation
Live Well and the desire of the United States military to offer healthier eating options on its bases. In the event of a large
troop deployment or military conflict, the total number of troops present on any given base could be materially reduced and therefore
our total revenues in these locations would likely be reduced accordingly. 

22 

The
personal information that we collect may be vulnerable to breach, theft or loss that could adversely affect our reputation, results of
operation and financial condition. 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we collect, process, transmit and retain personal information regarding our employees and their
families, our franchisees, vendors and consumers, which can include social security numbers, social insurance numbers, banking and tax
identification information, health care information, usernames and passwords and credit card information and our franchisees collect
similar information. Some of this personal information is held and managed by our franchisees and certain of our vendors. A third-party
may be able to circumvent the security and business controls we use to limit access and use of personal information, which could result
in a breach of employee, consumer or franchisee privacy. A major breach, theft or loss of personal information regarding our employees
and their families, our franchisees, vendors or consumers that is held by us or our vendors could result in substantial fines, penalties,
indemnification claims and potential litigation against us which could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.
As a result of legislative and regulatory rules, we may be required to notify the owners of the personal information of any data breaches,
which could harm our reputation and financial results, as well as subject us to litigation or actions by regulatory authorities. Furthermore,
media or other reports of existing or perceived security vulnerabilities in our systems or those of our franchisees or vendors, even
if no breach has been attempted or has occurred, can adversely impact our brand and reputation, and thereby materially impact our business. 

Significant
capital investments and other expenditures could be required to remedy a breach and prevent future problems, including costs associated
with additional security technologies, personnel, experts and credit monitoring services for those whose data has been breached. These
costs, which could be material, could adversely impact our results of operations during the period in which they are incurred. The techniques
and sophistication used to conduct cyber-attacks and breaches, as well as the sources and targets of these attacks, change frequently
and are often not recognized until such attacks are launched or have been in place for a period of time. Accordingly, our expenditures
to prevent future cyber-attacks or breaches may not be successful. 

Information
technology system failures or interruptions or breaches of our network security may interrupt our operations, subject us to increased
operating costs and expose us to litigation. 

As
our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our systems. We rely heavily on our computer systems and network
infrastructure across operations including, but not limited to, point-of-sale processing at our restaurants, online/web-based transactions
at SuperFit Foods and third-party delivery and loyalty apps as well as the systems of our third-party vendors to whom we outsource certain
administrative functions. Despite our implementation of security measures, all of our technology systems are vulnerable to damage, disruption
or failures due to physical theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure or other catastrophic events, as well as from problems
with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, internal and external security breaches, denial of service attacks, viruses, worms
and other disruptive problems caused by hackers. If any of our technology systems were to fail, and we were unable to recover in a timely
way, we could experience an interruption in our operations. Furthermore, if unauthorized access to or use of our systems were to occur,
data related to our proprietary information could be compromised. The occurrence of any of these incidents could have a material adverse
effect on our future financial condition and results of operations. To the extent that some of our reporting systems require or rely
on manual processes, it could increase the risk of a breach due to human error. 

In
addition, we receive and maintain certain personal information about our customers, franchisees and employees, and our franchisees receive
and maintain similar information. For example, in connection with credit card transactions, we and our franchisees collect and transmit
confidential credit card information by way of retail networks. We also maintain important internal data, such as personally identifiable
information about our employees and franchisees and information relating to our operation. Our use of personally identifiable information
is regulated by applicable laws and regulations. If our security and information systems or those of our franchisees are compromised
or our business associates fail to comply with these laws and regulations and this information is obtained by unauthorized persons or
used inappropriately, it could adversely affect our reputation, as well as our restaurant operations and results of operations and financial
condition. As privacy and information security laws and regulations change, we may incur additional costs to ensure that we remain in
compliance. 

Further,
the standards for systems currently used for transmission and approval of electronic payment transactions, and the technology utilized
in electronic payment themselves, all of which can put electronic payment data at risk, are determined and controlled by the payment
card industry, not by us. If someone is able to circumvent our data security measures or that of third parties with whom we do business,
including our franchisees, he or she could destroy or steal valuable information or disrupt our operations. Any security breach could
expose us to risks of data loss, litigation, liability, and could seriously disrupt our operations. Any resulting negative publicity
could significantly harm our reputation and could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

23 

A
number of our systems and processes are not fully integrated and, as a result, require us to manually estimate and consolidate certain
information that we use to manage our business. To the extent that we are not able to obtain transparency into our operations from our
systems, it could impair the ability of our management to react quickly to changes in the business or economic environment. 

We
anticipate expanding, upgrading and developing our information technology capabilities. If we are unable to successfully upgrade or expand
our technological capabilities, we may not be able to take advantage of market opportunities, manage our costs and transactional data
effectively, satisfy customer requirements, execute our business plan or respond to competitive pressures. 

We
outsource certain aspects of our business to third-party vendors which subjects us to risks, including disruptions in our business and
increased costs. 

We
have outsourced certain administrative functions for our business to third-party service providers. We also outsource certain information
technology support services and benefit plan administration. Furthermore, we outsource delivery services to multiple third-party vendors
including UberEats, DoorDash and GrubHub to fulfill delivery orders from both Company-owned and franchise locations. Our SuperFit Foods
division outsources home and pick up location deliveries to independent contractors. Our Pokemoto division outsources online ordering
and loyalty programs to Snackpass. In the future, we may outsource other functions to achieve cost savings and efficiencies. If the service
providers to which we outsource these functions do not perform effectively or are negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, we may
not be able to achieve the expected cost savings and may have to incur additional costs in connection with such failure to perform. Depending
on the function involved, such failures may also lead to business disruption, transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss
of sales and customers, the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach, and the loss of sensitive data through
security breach or otherwise. Any such damage or interruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, cause us to face
significant fines, customer notice obligations or costly litigation, harm our reputation with our customers or prevent us from paying
our collective suppliers or employees or receiving payments on a timely basis. 

The
failure to enforce and maintain our trademarks and protect our other intellectual property could materially adversely affect our business,
including our ability to establish and maintain brand awareness. 

We
have registered Muscle Maker Grill , Pokemoto , SuperFit Foods and certain other names used by our restaurants
as trademarks or service marks with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. The Muscle Maker Grill trademark is
also registered in some form in one foreign country. Our current brand campaign, Great Food with Your Health in Mind has
also been approved for registration with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. We have also filed for the for the trademarks
 get in the aloha state of mind and meal prep and chill , which are currently pending with the United States
Patent and Trademark Office. In addition, the Muscle Maker Grill, Pokemoto and SuperFit Foods logos, recipes, trade dress, packaging,
website names and addresses www.musclemakergrill.com , www.pokemoto.com and www.superfitfoods.com and Facebook,
Instagram, Twitter and other social media and internet accounts are our intellectual property. The success of our business strategy depends
on our continued ability to use our existing trademarks and service marks in order to increase brand awareness and develop our branded
products. If our efforts to protect our intellectual property are not adequate, or if any third-party misappropriates or infringes on
our intellectual property, whether in print, on the Internet or through other media, the value of our brands may be harmed, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, including the failure of our brands and branded products to achieve and maintain market
acceptance. There can be no assurance that all of the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property in the United States and
in foreign countries will be adequate. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to
the same extent as do the laws of the United States. 

We
or our suppliers maintain the seasonings and additives for our food offerings, as well as certain standards, specifications and operating
procedures, as trade secrets or confidential information. We may not be able to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our trade
secrets or information, despite the existence of confidentiality agreements and other measures. While we try to ensure that the quality
of our brand and branded products is maintained by all of our franchisees, we cannot be certain that these franchisees will not take
actions that adversely affect the value of our intellectual property or reputation. If any of our trade secrets or information were to
be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially
adversely affected. 

24 

Third-party
claims with respect to intellectual property assets, if decided against us, may result in competing uses or require adoption of new,
non-infringing intellectual property, which may in turn adversely affect sales and revenues. 

There
can be no assurance that third parties will not assert infringement or misappropriation claims against us, or assert claims that our
rights in our trademarks, service marks, trade dress and other intellectual property assets are invalid or unenforceable. Any such claims
could have a material adverse effect on us or our franchisees if such claims were to be decided against us. If our rights in any intellectual
property were invalidated or deemed unenforceable, it could permit competing uses of intellectual property which, in turn, could lead
to a decline in restaurant revenues. If the intellectual property became subject to third-party infringement, misappropriation or other
claims, and such claims were decided against us, we may be forced to pay damages, be required to develop or adopt non-infringing intellectual
property or be obligated to acquire a license to the intellectual property that is the subject of the asserted claim. There could be
significant expenses associated with the defense of any infringement, misappropriation, or other third-party claims. 

We
depend on our executive officers, the loss of whom could materially harm our business. 

We
rely upon the accumulated knowledge, skills and experience of our executive officers and significant employees. Our executive officers
and significant employees have significant experience in the food service industry. If they were to leave us or become incapacitated,
we might suffer in our planning and execution of business strategy and operations, impacting our brand and financial results. We also
do not maintain any key man life insurance policies for any of our employees. 

Matters
relating to employment and labor law may adversely affect our business. 

Various
federal and state labor laws govern our relationships with our employees and affect operating costs. These laws include employee classifications
as exempt or non-exempt, minimum wage requirements, unemployment tax rates, workers compensation rates, citizenship requirements
and other wage and benefit requirements for employees classified as non-exempt. Significant additional government regulations and new
laws, including mandating increases in minimum wages, changes in exempt and non-exempt status, or mandated benefits such as health insurance
could materially affect our business, financial condition, operating results or cash flow. Furthermore, if our or our franchisees 
employees unionize, it could materially affect our business, financial condition, operating results or cash flow. 

We
are also subject in the ordinary course of business to employee claims against us based, among other things, on discrimination, harassment,
wrongful termination or violation of wage and labor laws. Such claims could also be asserted against us by employees of our franchisees.
Moreover, claims asserted against franchisees may at times be made against us as a franchisor. These claims may divert our financial
and management resources that would otherwise be used to benefit our operations. The ongoing expense of any resulting lawsuits, and any
substantial settlement payment or damage award against us, could adversely affect our business, brand image, employee recruitment, financial
condition, operating results or cash flows. 

In
addition, various states in which we operate are considering or have already adopted new immigration laws or enforcement programs, and
the United States Congress and Department of Homeland Security from time to time consider and may implement changes to federal immigration
laws, regulations or enforcement programs as well. Some of these changes may increase our obligations for compliance and oversight, which
could subject us to additional costs and make our hiring process more cumbersome or reduce the availability of potential employees. Although
we require all workers to provide us with government-specified documentation evidencing their employment eligibility, some of our employees
may, without our knowledge, be unauthorized workers. Unauthorized workers are subject to deportation and may subject us to fines or penalties,
and if any of our workers are found to be unauthorized, we could experience adverse publicity that negatively impacts our brand and may
make it more difficult to hire and keep qualified employees. Termination of a significant number of employees who were unauthorized employees
may disrupt our operations, cause temporary increases in our labor costs as we train new employees and result in additional adverse publicity.
We could also become subject to fines, penalties and other costs related to claims that we did not fully comply with all recordkeeping
obligations of federal and state immigration compliance laws. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

25 

Restaurant
companies have been the target of class action lawsuits and other proceedings alleging, among other things, violations of federal and
state workplace and employment laws. Proceedings of this nature are costly, divert management attention and, if successful, could result
in our payment of substantial damages or settlement costs. 

Our
business is subject to the risk of litigation by employees, consumers, suppliers, franchisees, stockholders or others through private
actions, class actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. The outcome of litigation, particularly class
action and regulatory actions, is difficult to assess or quantify. In recent years, restaurant companies, including us, have been subject
to lawsuits, including lawsuits, alleging violations of federal and state laws regarding workplace and employment conditions, discrimination
and similar matters. A number of these lawsuits have resulted in the payment of substantial damages by the defendants. Similar lawsuits
have been instituted from time-to-time alleging violations of various federal and state wage and hour laws regarding, among other things,
employee meal deductions, overtime eligibility of managers and failure to pay for all hours worked. 

Occasionally,
our customers file complaints or lawsuits against us alleging that we are responsible for some illness or injury they suffered at or
after a visit to one of our restaurants, including actions seeking damages resulting from food-borne illness or accidents in our restaurants.
We are also subject to a variety of other claims from third parties arising in the ordinary course of our business, including contract
claims. The restaurant industry has also been subject to a growing number of claims that the menus and actions of restaurant chains have
led to the obesity of certain of their customers. We may also be subject to lawsuits from our employees, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission or others alleging violations of federal and state laws regarding workplace and employment conditions, discrimination and
similar matters. 

Regardless
of whether any claims against us are valid or whether we are liable, claims may be expensive to defend and may divert time and money
away from our operations and result in increases in our insurance premiums. In addition, they may generate negative publicity, which
could reduce customer traffic and sales. Although we maintain what we believe to have adequate levels of insurance, insurance may not
be available at all or in sufficient amounts to cover any liabilities with respect to these or other matters. A judgment or other liability
in excess of our insurance coverage for any claims or any adverse publicity resulting from claims could adversely affect our business
and results of operations. 

If
we or our franchisees face labor shortages or increased labor costs, our results of operations and our growth could be adversely affected. 

Labor
is a primary component in the cost of operating our Company-operated and franchised restaurants. If we or our franchisees face labor
shortages or increased labor costs because of increased competition for employees, higher employee-turnover rates, size of the available
workforce, unionization of restaurant workers, or increases in the federally-mandated or state-mandated minimum wage, change in exempt
and non-exempt status, or other employee benefits costs (including costs associated with health insurance coverage or workers 
compensation insurance), our and our franchisees operating expenses could increase and our growth could be adversely affected. 

We
have a substantial number of hourly employees who are paid wage rates at or based on the applicable federal or state minimum wage and
increases in the minimum wage will increase our labor costs and the labor costs of our franchisees. Federally-mandated, state-mandated
or locally-mandated minimum wages may be raised in the future. We may be unable to increase our menu prices in order to pass future increased
labor costs on to our customers, in which case our margins would be negatively affected. Also, reduced margins of franchisees could make
it more difficult to sell franchises. If menu prices are increased by us and our franchisees to cover increased labor costs, the higher
prices could adversely affect transactions which could lower sales and thereby reduce our margins and the royalties that we receive from
franchisees. 

In
addition, our success depends in part upon our and our franchisees ability to attract, motivate and retain a sufficient number
of well-qualified restaurant operators, management personnel and other employees. Qualified individuals needed to fill these positions
can be in short supply in some geographic areas. In addition, limited-service restaurants have traditionally experienced relatively high
employee turnover rates. Our franchisees ability to recruit and retain such individuals may delay the planned openings of new
restaurants or result in higher employee turnover in existing restaurants, which could increase our and our franchisees labor
costs and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. If we or our franchisees
are unable to recruit and retain sufficiently qualified individuals, our business and our growth could be adversely affected. Competition
for these employees could require us or our franchisees to pay higher wages, which could also result in higher labor costs. 

26 

We
are locked into long-term and non-cancelable leases and may be unable to renew leases at the end of their terms. 

Many
of our restaurant leases are non-cancelable and typically have initial terms up to between one and ten years and one to three renewal
terms of one to ten years each that we may exercise at our option. Even if we close a restaurant, we are required to perform our obligations
under the applicable lease, which could include, among other things, a provision for a closed restaurant reserve when the restaurant
is closed, which would impact our profitability, and payment of the base rent, property taxes, insurance and maintenance for the balance
of the lease term. In addition, in connection with leases for restaurants that we will continue to operate, we may, at the end of the
lease term and any renewal period for a restaurant, be unable to renew the lease without substantial additional cost, if at all. As a
result, we may close or relocate the restaurant, which could subject us to construction and other costs and risks. Additionally, the
revenues and profit, if any, generated at a relocated restaurant may not equal the revenues and profit generated at the existing restaurant. 

We
and our franchisees are subject to extensive government regulations that could result in claims leading to increased costs and restrict
our ability to operate or sell franchises. 

We
and our franchisees are subject to extensive government regulation at the federal, state and local government levels. These include,
but are not limited to, regulations relating to the preparation and sale of food, zoning and building codes, franchising, land use and
employee, health, sanitation and safety matters. We and our franchisees are required to obtain and maintain a wide variety of governmental
licenses, permits and approvals. Difficulty or failure in obtaining them in the future could result in delaying or canceling the opening
of new restaurants. Local authorities may suspend or deny renewal of our governmental licenses if they determine that our operations
do not meet the standards for initial grant or renewal. This risk would be even higher if there were a major change in the licensing
requirements affecting our types of restaurants. 

T hese
laws and regulations change regularly and are increasingly complex. For example, we are subject to: 

The
 Americans with Disabilities Act in the U.S. and similar laws that provide protection to individuals
 with disabilities in the context of employment, public accommodations and other areas. 

The
 U.S. Fair Labor Standards Act as well as a variety of similar laws, which govern matters
 such as minimum wages, and overtime, and the U.S. Family and Medical Leave Act as well as
 a variety of similar laws which provide protected leave rights to employees. 

Employment
 laws related to workplace health and safety, non-discrimination, non-harassment, whistleblower
 protections, and other terms and conditions of employment. 

Laws
 and regulations in government-mandated health care benefits such as the Patient Protection
 and Affordable Care Act in the U.S. 

Laws
 and regulations relating to nutritional content, nutritional labeling, product safety, product
 marketing and menu labeling. 

Laws
 relating to state and local licensing. 

Laws
 relating to the relationship between franchisors and franchisees. 

Laws
 and regulations relating to health, sanitation, food, workplace safety, child labor, including
 laws regulating the use of certain hazardous equipment , building and zoning
 and fire safety and prevention. 

Laws
 and regulations relating to union organizing rights and activities. 

Laws
 relating to information security, privacy (including the European Union s GDPR and
 California s CCPA and CPRA), cashless payments and consumer protection. 

Laws
 relating to currency conversion or exchange. 

Laws
 relating to international trade and sanctions. 

Tax
 laws and regulations. 

Anti-bribery
 and anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery
 Act. 

Environmental
 laws and regulations, including with respect to climate change and greenhouse gas emissions. 

Federal
 and state immigration laws and regulations in the U.S. 

Regulations,
 health guidelines and safety protocols related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

27 

Any
failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations or related standards or guidelines could adversely affect our
reputation, growth prospects and financial results or result in, among other things, litigation, revocation of required licenses, internal
investigations, governmental investigations or proceedings, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability.
Publicity relating to any such noncompliance could also harm our Concepts reputations and adversely affect our revenues. In addition,
the compliance costs associated with complying with new or existing legal requirements could be substantial. 

Our
Company is subject to numerous laws, regulations, and mandates globally which could adversely affect our operating results and forward
strategy. 

Our
Company does business globally, connecting crops and markets in various countries, and is required to comply with laws and regulations
administered by the United States federal government as well as state, local, and non-U.S. governmental authorities in numerous areas
including: accounting and income taxes, anti-corruption, anti-bribery, global trade, trade sanctions, environmental, product safety,
and handling and production of regulated substances. Our Company might face challenges from U.S. and foreign tax authorities regarding
the amount of taxes due including questions regarding the timing, amount of deductions, the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions
and further risks related to changing tax laws domestically and globally. Any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations
or appropriately resolve these challenges could subject our Company to administrative, civil, and criminal remedies, including fines,
penalties, disgorgement, injunctions, and recalls of its products and damage to its reputation. 

Government
policies, mandates, and regulations specifically affecting the agricultural sector and related industries; regulatory policies or matters
that affect a variety of businesses; taxation polices; and political instability could adversely affect our Company s operating
results. 

Agricultural
production and trade flows are subject to government policies, mandates, regulations and trade agreements, including taxes, tariffs,
duties, subsidies, incentives, foreign exchange rates and import and export restrictions, including policies related to genetically
modified organisms, traceability standards, sustainable practices, product safety and labeling, renewable fuels, and low carbon fuel
mandates. These policies can influence the planting of certain crops; the location and size of crop production; whether unprocessed or
processed commodity products are traded; the volume and types of imports and exports; the availability and competitiveness of feedstocks
as raw materials; the viability and volume of production of certain of our products; and industry profitability. International trade
regulations can adversely affect agricultural commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions. Regulations
of financial markets and instruments, including the Dodd-Frank Act, Consumer Protection Act, and the European Market Infrastructure Regulation,
create uncertainty and may lead to additional risks and costs, and could adversely affect our futures commission merchant business and
our agricultural commodity risk management practices. Future government policies may adversely affect the supply of, demand for, and
prices of our products; adversely affect our ability to deploy adequate hedging programs; restrict our ability to do business in our
existing and target markets; and adversely affect our revenues and operating results. 

Our
Company s operating results could be affected by political instability and by changes in monetary, fiscal, trade, and environmental
policies, laws, regulations, and acquisition approvals, creating risks including, but not limited to: changes in a country s or
region s economic or political conditions, local labor conditions and regulations, and safety and environmental regulations; reduced
protection of intellectual property rights; changes in the regulatory or legal environment; restrictions on currency exchange activities;
currency exchange fluctuations; burdensome taxes and tariffs; enforceability of legal agreements and judgments; adverse tax, administrative
agency or judicial outcomes; and regulation or taxation of greenhouse gases. International risks and uncertainties, including changing
social and economic conditions as well as terrorism, political hostilities, and war, could limit our ability to transact business in
these markets. Our Company benefits from the free flow of agricultural and food and feed ingredient products from the U.S. and other
sources to markets around the world. Increases in tariff and restrictive trade activities around the world (e.g., the U.S.-China trade
relations dispute, Iran sanctions) could negatively impact our ability to enter certain markets or the price of products may become less
competitive in those markets. 

Our
strategy involves expanding the volume and diversity of crops it merchandises and processes, expanding the global reach of our core model,
expanding our value-added product portfolio, and expanding the sustainable agriculture programs and partnerships it participates in.
Government policies including, but not limited to, antitrust and competition law, trade restrictions, food safety regulations, sustainability
requirements and traceability, can impact our ability to execute this strategy successfully. 

28 

Upon
the expansion of our operations internationally, we could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
and similar worldwide anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws. 

We
have expanded our operations outside the United States for both our restaurant divisions and Sadot. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act, and other similar anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations, generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from
making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We cannot assure you that we will
be successful in preventing our franchisees or other agents from taking actions in violation of these laws or regulations. Such violations,
or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. 

The
availability and prices of the agricultural commodities and agricultural commodity products we procure, transport, store, process, and
merchandise can be affected by climate change, weather conditions, disease, government programs, competition, and various other factors
beyond our control and could adversely affect our operating results . 

The
availability and prices of agricultural commodities are subject to wide fluctuations, including impacts from factors outside our control,
such as changes in weather conditions, climate change, rising sea levels, crop disease, plantings, government programs and policies,
competition and changes in global demand, which could adversely affect our operating results. Our Company uses a global network of procurement,
processing, as well as robust communications between global commodity merchandiser teams, to continually assess price and basis opportunities.
Management-established limits (including a corporate wide value-at-risk metric), with robust internal reporting, help to manage risks
in pursuit of driving performance. Additionally, we depend globally on agricultural producers to ensure an adequate supply of agricultural
commodities. 

Reduced
supply of agricultural commodities could adversely affect our profitability by increasing the cost of raw materials and/or limiting our
ability to procure, transport, store, process, and merchandise agricultural commodities in an efficient manner. High and volatile commodity
prices can place more pressures on short-term working capital funding. Conversely, if supplies are abundant and crop production globally
outpaces demand for more than one or two crop cycles, price volatility is somewhat diminished. This could result in reduced operating
results due to the lack of supply chain dislocations and reduced market spread and basis opportunities. 

Advances
in technology, such as seed and crop protection, farming techniques, storage and logistics, and speed of information flow, may reduce
the significance of dislocations and arbitrage opportunities in the agricultural global markets, which may reduce the earnings potential
of agricultural merchandisers and processors. 

We
are exposed to potential business disruption including, but not limited to, disruption of transportation services, disruption in the
supply, and other impacts resulting from acts of terrorism or war, natural disasters, pandemics, severe weather conditions, accidents,
or other planned disruptions, which could adversely affect our operating results. 

Our
operations rely on dependable and efficient transportation services the disruption of which could result in difficulties supplying materials
to our facilities and impair our ability to deliver products to our customers in a timely manner. Certain factors which may impact the
availability of agricultural commodity raw materials are out of our control including, but not limited to, disruptions resulting from
weather, high or low river water conditions, economic conditions, manufacturing delays or disruptions at suppliers, shortage of materials,
interruption of energy supply and unavailable or poor supplier credit conditions. 

We
are continuing to enhance and deploy additional food safety and security procedures and controls to appropriately mitigate the risks
of any adulteration of the Company s products in the supply chain. 

We
are exposed to the risk of natural disasters, unusual weather conditions, pandemic outbreaks, political events, war and terrorism that
could disrupt business and result in lower sales, increased operating costs and capital expenditures. 

Our
headquarters, Company-operated and franchised restaurant locations, third-party sole distributor and our facilities, as well as certain
of our vendors and customers, are located in areas which have been and could be subject to natural disasters such as floods, blizzards,
hurricanes, tornadoes, fires or earthquakes. Adverse weather conditions or other extreme changes in the weather, including resulting
electrical and technological failures may disrupt our and our franchisees business and may adversely affect our and our franchisees 
ability to obtain food and supplies and sell menu items. Our business may be harmed if our or our franchisees ability to obtain
food and supplies and sell menu items is impacted by any such events, any of which could influence customer trends and purchases and
may negatively impact our and our franchisees revenues, properties or operations. Such events could result in physical damage
to one or more of our or our franchisees properties, the temporary closure of some or all of our Company-operated restaurants,
franchised restaurants and third-party distributor, the temporary lack of an adequate work force in a market, temporary or long-term
disruption in the transport of goods, delay in the delivery of goods and supplies to our Company-operated and franchised restaurants
and third-party distributor, disruption of our technology support or information systems, or fuel shortages or dramatic increases in
fuel prices, all of which would increase the cost of doing business. These events also could have indirect consequences such as increases
in the costs of insurance if they result in significant loss of property or other insurable damage. Any of these factors, or any combination
thereof, could adversely affect our operations. Some of our restaurants are located on military bases. 

29 

Our
Company may fail to realize the benefits of or experience delays in the execution of its growth strategy, which encompasses organic and
inorganic initiatives, including those outside the U.S. and in businesses where our Company does not currently have a large presence . 

As
we execute our growth strategy, through both organic and inorganic growth, we may encounter risks which could result in increased costs,
decreased revenues and delayed synergies. Growth in new geographies outside the U.S. can expose us to volatile economic, political
and regulatory risks that may negatively impact our operations and ability to achieve our growth strategy. Expanding businesses where
we have limited presence may expose us to risks related to the inability to identify an appropriate partner or target and favorable terms,
inability to retain/hire strategic talent or integration risks that may require significant management resources that would have otherwise
been available for ongoing growth or operational initiatives. Acquisitions may involve unanticipated delays, costs and other problems.
Due diligence performed prior to an acquisition may not identify a material liability or issue that could impact our reputation or adversely
affect results of operations resulting in a reduction of the anticipated acquisition benefits. Additionally, acquisitions may involve
integration risks such as: internal control effectiveness, system integration risks, the risk of impairment charges related to goodwill
and other intangibles, ability to retain acquired employees and other unanticipated risks. 

Our
risk management strategies may not be effective. 

Our
business is affected by fluctuations in agricultural commodity cash prices and derivative prices, transportation costs, energy prices,
interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and equity markets. Our Company monitors position limits and counterparty risks and
engages in other strategies and controls to manage these risks. Our Company has an established commodity merchandising governance process
that ensures proper position reporting and monitoring, limits approvals and executes training on trade compliance, commodity regulatory
reporting controls and other policies. Our risk monitoring efforts may not be successful at detecting a significant risk exposure. If
these controls and strategies are not successful in mitigating our exposure to these fluctuations, it could adversely affect our operating
results. 

Human
capital requirements may not be sufficient to effectively support global operations. 

Our
global operations function with trained individuals necessary for the warehousing, and shipping of raw materials for products used in
other areas of manufacturing or sold as inputs or products to third-party customers. Our Company has various methods and tactics to mitigate
potential shortfalls. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock and Lack of Liquidity 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are exempt from certain disclosure requirements, which could make our Common Stock less attractive to
the potential investors. 

Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act defines a smaller reporting company as an issuer that is not an investment company, an asset-backed
issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent that is not a smaller reporting company and that: 

had
 a public float of less than 250 million as of the last business day of its most recently
 completed second fiscal quarter, computed by multiplying the aggregate worldwide number of
 shares of its voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates by the price at
 which the common equity was last sold, or the average of the bid and asked prices of common
 equity, in the principal market for the common equity; or 

30 

in
 the case of an initial registration statement under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act
 of 1934, as amended, which we refer to as the Exchange Act, for shares of its common equity,
 had a public float of less than 250 million as of a date within 30 days of the date of the
 filing of the registration statement, computed by multiplying the aggregate worldwide number
 of such shares held by non-affiliates before the registration plus, in the case of a Securities
 Act registration statement, the number of such shares included in the registration statement
 by the estimated public offering price of the shares; or 

in
 the case of an issuer whose public float as calculated under paragraph (1) or (2) of this
 definition was zero, had annual revenues of less than 100 million during the most recently
 completed fiscal year for which audited financial statements are available. 

As
a smaller reporting company, we will not be required and may not include a Compensation Discussion and Analysis section in our proxy
statements; we will provide only two years of financial statements; and we need not provide the table of selected financial data. We
also will have other scaled disclosure requirements that are less comprehensive than issuers that are not smaller reporting
companies which could make our Common Stock less attractive to potential investors, which could make it more difficult for our stockholders
to sell their shares. 

We
are an emerging growth company and subject to less rigorous public reporting requirements and cannot be certain if the reduced reporting
requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our Common Stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are a public reporting company under the Exchange Act, and thereafter publicly report on an ongoing basis as an emerging growth
company (as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, which we refer to as the JOBS Act) under the reporting
rules set forth under the Exchange Act. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company , we may take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other Exchange Act reporting companies that are not emerging
growth companies , including but not limited to: 

Not
 being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

Taking
 advantage of extensions of time to comply with certain new or revised financial accounting
 standards; 

Being
 permitted to comply with reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
 in our periodic reports and proxy statements; and 

Being
 exempt from the requirement to hold a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensations
 and stockholder approval of a golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

We
expect to take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We could be an emerging growth
company for up to five years, circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Common Stock
held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million, if we issue 1 billion or more in non-convertible debt during a three-year period, or if
our annual gross revenues exceed 1 billion. We would cease to be an emerging growth company on the last day of the fiscal year following
the date of the fifth anniversary of our first sale of common equity securities under an effective registration statement or a fiscal
year in which we have 1 billion in gross revenues. Finally, at any time we may choose to opt-out of the emerging growth company reporting
requirements. If we choose to opt out, we will be unable to opt back in to being an emerging growth company. 

We
cannot predict if investors will find our Common Stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find
our Common Stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our Common Stock and our stock price may
be more volatile. 

As
an emerging growth company, our auditor is not required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm is not required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
while we are an emerging growth company. This means that the effectiveness of our financial operations may differ from our peer companies
in that they may be required to obtain independent registered public accounting firm attestations as to the effectiveness of their internal
controls over financial reporting and we are not. While our management will be required to attest to internal control over financial
reporting and we will be required to detail changes to our internal controls on a quarterly basis, we cannot provide assurance that the
independent registered public accounting firm s review process in assessing the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial
reporting, if obtained, would not find one or more material weaknesses or significant deficiencies. Further, once we cease to be an emerging
growth company, we will be subject to independent registered public accounting firm attestation regarding the effectiveness of our internal
controls over financial reporting. Even if management finds such controls to be effective, our independent registered public accounting
firm may decline to attest to the effectiveness of such internal controls and issue a qualified report. 

31 

As
a public company, we will incur significant increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be
required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives. 

As
a public company, we have incurred significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. In addition,
the rules of the SEC and those of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC NASDAQ ), NASDAQ Capital Market has imposed various requirements
on public companies including requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls. Our management
and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations
have increased and will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming
and costlier. For example, we expect that these rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain
directors and officers liability insurance, which could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members
of our board of directors. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we will incur as a public company or the timing
of such costs. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure
controls and procedures. In particular, we must perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial
reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In addition, we will be required to have our independent registered public accounting firm attest to the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting the later of our second annual report on Form 10-K or the first annual
report on Form 10-K following the date on which we are no longer an emerging growth company. Our compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act will require that we incur substantial accounting expense and expend significant management efforts. We currently do not have an
internal audit group, and we will need to hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and
technical accounting knowledge. If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, or if we or our
independent registered public accounting firm identify deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed
to be material weaknesses, the market price of our stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the
exchange we are listed on, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. 

Our
ability to successfully implement our business plan and comply with Section 404 requires us to be able to prepare timely and accurate
financial statements. We expect that we will need to continue to improve existing, and implement new operational and financial systems,
procedures and controls to manage our business effectively. Any delay in the implementation of, or disruption in the transition to, new
or enhanced systems, procedures or controls, may cause our operations to suffer and we may be unable to conclude that our internal control
over financial reporting is effective and to obtain an unqualified report on internal controls from our auditors as required under Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. This, in turn, could have an adverse impact on trading prices for our common stock, and could adversely
affect our ability to access the capital markets. 

The
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder s ability to
buy and sell our stock. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment
to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to
recommending speculative, low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to
obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. The FINRA requirements
may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our Common Stock, which may have the effect of reducing
the level of trading activity in our Common Stock. As a result, fewer broker-dealers may be willing to make a market in our common stock,
reducing a stockholder s ability to resell shares of our Common Stock. 

32 

Our
stock price may be volatile. 

The
market price of our Common Stock has been highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various potential factors,
many of which will be beyond our control, including the following: 

services
 by us or our competitors; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

our
 ability to execute our business plan; 

operating
 results that fall below expectations; 

loss
 of any strategic relationship; 

industry
 developments; 

economic
 and other external factors; and 

period-to-period
 fluctuations in our financial results. 

In
addition, the securities markets have from time-to-time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the
operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of
our common stock. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or publish negative reports about our business,
our share price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will, to some extent, depends on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish
about us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our shares
or change their opinion of our shares, our share price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or
fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our share price or trading
volume to decline. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future, which could reduce the attractiveness of our stock to some investors. 

We
currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not expect to declare
or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, you may only receive a return on your investment in our common stock if
the market price of our common stock increases. In addition, we may incur debt financing to further finance our operations, the governing
documents of which may contain restrictions on our ability to pay dividends. 

If
we are unable to maintain listing of our securities on the NASDAQ Capital Market or another reputable stock exchange, it may be more
difficult for our stockholders to sell their securities. 

NASDAQ
requires listing issuers to comply with certain standards in order to remain listed on its exchange. If, for any reason, NASDAQ should
delist our securities from trading on its exchange and we are unable to obtain listing on another reputable national securities exchange,
a reduction in some or all of the following may occur, each of which could materially adversely affect our stockholders. 

As
previously reported, on February 1, 2022, the Company received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of The NASDAQ therein indicating that, based upon the closing bid price of the Company s common stock for the prior 30 consecutive
business days, the Company was not in compliance with the requirement to the minimum bid price of 1.00 per share for continued listing
on NASDAQ as set forth in NASDAQ Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Minimum Bid Price Requirement ). Pursuant to NASDAQ Listing
Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company was granted 180 calendar days, or until August 1, 2022, to regain compliance. On August 2, 2022, the
Company received a second letter from the Staff advising that the Company had been granted an additional 180 calendar days, or to January
30, 2023, to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement, in accordance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A). 

On
January 31, 2023, we received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of The NASDAQ notifying us
that, based upon our non-compliance with the requirement to maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share for continued listing on
NASDAQ as set forth in NASDAQ Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Minimum Bid Price Requirement as of January 31, 2023, we would
need to request a hearing to appeal the determination. 

33 

We
requested a hearing before a NASDAQ Hearings Panel (the Panel on February 7, 2023. The hearing was scheduled for March
23, 2023. On March 2, 2023, the Company received notice from Nasdaq confirming that the Company has cured its bid price deficiency and
has fully regained compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Rule. 

If
our shares of Common Stock become subject to the penny stock rules, it would become more difficult to trade our shares. 

The
Commission has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are
generally equity securities with a price per share of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities
exchanges or authorized for quotation on certain automated quotation systems, provided that current price and volume information with
respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. If we do not obtain or retain a listing on the NYSE
American or NASDAQ Capital Market and if the price of our Common Stock is less than 5.00 per share, our Common Stock will be deemed
a penny stock. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, before effecting a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from
those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document containing specified information. In addition, the penny stock rules
require that, before effecting any such transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, a broker-dealer must make
a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive; (i) the purchaser s
written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement; (ii) a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks;
and (iii) a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the
trading activity in the secondary market for our Common Stock, and therefore stockholders may have difficulty selling their shares. 

Provisions
in our articles of incorporation and bylaws and Nevada law may discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our Company and, therefore,
may depress the trading price of our stock. 

Our
articles of incorporation and bylaws contain certain provisions that may discourage, delay or prevent a change of control that our stockholders
may consider favorable. These provisions: 

prohibit
 stockholder action to elect or remove directors by majority written consent; 

provide
 that the board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our bylaws; 

prohibit
 our stockholders from calling a special meeting of stockholders; and 

establish
 advance notice requirements for nominations for elections to our board of directors or for
 proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. 

We
may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 

In
the past companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation.
We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion
of management s attention and resources, which could seriously hurt our business. Any adverse determination in litigation could
also subject us to significant liabilities. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

As
of the year ended December 31, 2022, our corporate office is located at 1751 River Run, Ste 200 Fort Worth, TX 76107. We believe our
current office space is suitable and adequate for its intended purposes and our near-term expansion plans. 

34 

Currently
Operating System-Wide Restaurants 

As
of March 21, 2023, Company-operated, franchised and total system-wide restaurants by jurisdiction are: 

State 
 Company-Owned
 Restaurants 
 Franchised
 Restaurants 
 Total
 Restaurants 
 
 California 
 
 2 
 2 
 
 Connecticut 
 6 
 7 
 13 
 
 Florida 
 3 
 
 3 
 
 Georgia 
 1 
 
 1 
 
 Kansas 
 1 
 
 1 
 
 Maryland 
 1 
 
 1 
 
 Massachusetts 
 
 3 
 3 
 
 Mississippi 
 
 1 
 1 
 
 New
 Jersey 
 
 3 
 3 
 
 New
 York 
 2 
 3 
 5 
 
 Oklahoma 
 1 
 
 1 
 
 Pennsylvania 
 1 
 
 1 
 
 Tennessee 
 
 1 
 1 
 
 Texas 
 1 
 3 
 4 
 
 Virginia 
 3 
 
 3 
 
 Washington 
 
 1 
 1 
 
 Kuwait 
 
 2 
 2 
 
 TOTAL 
 20 
 26 
 46 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we are a defendant or plaintiff in various legal actions that arise in the normal course of business. We record legal costs
associated with loss contingencies as incurred and have accrued for all probable and estimable settlements. 

We
are currently involved in pending legal proceedings that have been previously disclosed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Below is a summary of the legal proceedings that have become a
reportable event, or which have had developments during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On
or about March 7, 2019, the Company was listed as a defendant to a lawsuit filed by a contractor in the State of Texas in El Paso County
#2019DCV0824. The contractor is claiming a breach of contract and is seeking 32,809 in damages for services claimed to be rendered by
the contractor. As of December 31, 2022, the Company accrued 30,000 for the liability in accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

On
January 23, 2020, the Company was served a judgment issued by the Judicial Council of California in the amount of 130,185 for a breach
of a lease agreement in Chicago, Illinois, in connection with a Company-owned store that was closed in 2018. As of December 31, 2022,
the Company has accrued for the liability in accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

35 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

The
high and low per share closing sales prices of the Company s stock on the NASDAQ Market (ticker symbol: GRIL) for each quarter
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Quarter
 Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 March
 31, 2021 
 3.02 
 1.81 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 2.37 
 1.20 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 1.42 
 0.99 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 1.67 
 0.69 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 0.76 
 0.35 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 0.59 
 0.34 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 0.46 
 0.35 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 0.92 
 0.31 

Transfer
Agent 

Our
transfer agent is Computershare, Inc., located at, 462 South 4th Street, Suite 1600, Louisville, KY 40202, and its telephone number is
1-877-373-6374. 

Holders 

As
of February 10, 2023, there were 6,383 holders of record of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance
the expansion of our business. As a result, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Warrants 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had warrants to purchase an aggregate of 18,033,640 and 20,284,016 shares of common stock, respectively,
outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of 1.93 and 1.66 per share, respectively. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table provides information, as of December 31, 2022, with respect to equity securities authorized for issuance under compensation
plans: 

Plan
 category 
 No. of securities 

 to be issued 
 upon exercise 
of outstanding 
 options under 
 the plan 
 Weighted-average 
 
 exercise price 
 of outstanding 

 options under 
 the plan 
 No. of securities 
 
 remaining 
 available for 
 future
 issuance 

Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders 
 312,500 
 0.41 
 562,380 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 312,500 
 0.41 
 562,380 

36 

Performance
Graph 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the performance graph required by Item 201I of Regulation S-K. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Issuance
of Stock 

On
February 3, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 20,000 shares of common stock of the Company to a digital marketing consultant with
an aggregate fair value of 42,600. 

On
February 3, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 16,126 shares of common stock of the Company to the members of the board of directors
as compensation earned through the end of the fourth quarter of 2020. 

On
February 7, 2021, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement with consultants as a strategy business consultant to provide the Company
with business and marketing advice as needed. The term of the agreement is for five months from the effective date on February 7, 2021.
Pursuant to the terms of the agreement the Company agreed to pay the consultant a total of 100,000 shares of the Company s common
stock. The Company issued 60,000 shares of common stock upon the effective date of the agreement with the remaining 40,000 to be issued
upon the successful completion of the agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company issued the remaining 40,000 shares of common with
a grant date fair value of 42,400 pursuant to the terms of the agreement. 

On
February 11, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 221,783 shares of common stock the Company to various executives and an employee
pursuant to the approval of the compensation committee under the 2020 Plan. 

On
March 8, 2021, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement with consultants as a strategy business consultant to provide the Company
with financial and business. The term of the agreement is for five months from the effective date on March 8, 2021. Pursuant to the terms
of the agreement the Company agreed to pay the consultant a total of 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock. The Company
issued 70,000 shares of common stock upon the effective date of the agreement with the remaining 30,000 to be issued upon the successful
completion of the agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company issued the remaining 30,000 shares of common with a grant date fair
value of 31,800 pursuant to the terms of the agreement. 

On
March 22, 2021, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement with consultants with experience in the area of investor relations and
capital introductions. The term of the agreement is for six months from the effective date on March 22, 2021. Pursuant to the terms of
the agreement the Company paid 250,000 in cash and issued 150,000 shares of the Company s common stock. 

On
March 25, 2021, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement with SuperFit Foods, LLC a Florida limited liability company and
SuperFit Foods LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (the SuperFit Acquisition ). The purchase price of the assets and
rights was 1,150,000 which included 475,000 that was paid at closing and the remaining 625,000 paid in 268,240 shares of common stock.
The remaining 25,000, which was to be issued in the Company s common stock, was forfeited as the Company and former owner agreed
that not all obligations were met. 

On
March 31, 2021, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 12,711 shares of common stock to the members of the board of directors
as compensation earned during the first quarter of 2021. 

37 

On
April 7, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor for a private placement pursuant
to which the investor agreed to purchase from the Company for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 10,000,000 (i) 1,250,000
shares of common stock of the Company (ii) a common stock purchase warrant to purchase up to 4,115,227 shares of common stock (the common
warrant and (iii) a pre-funded common stock purchase warrant to purchase up to 2,865,227 shares of common stock (the pre-funded
warrant ). Each share and accompanying common warrant were sold together at a combined offering price of 2.43 per share and common
warrant, and each pre-funded warrant and accompanying common warrant is being sold together at a combined offering price of 2.42 per
pre-funded warrant and accompanying common warrant. The pre-funded warrant is immediately exercisable, at a nominal exercise price of
 0.01 per share, and may be exercised at any time until the pre-funded warrant is fully exercised. The common warrant has an exercise
price of 2.43 per share, are immediately exercisable and will expire 5.5 years from the date of issuance. The private
placement closed on April 9, 2021. 

On
April 30, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 10,000 shares of common stock of the Company to a digital marketing consultant, pursuant
to their service agreement, with an aggregate fair value of 14,700. 

On
May 6, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 150,000 shares of common stock of the Company to a digital marketing consultant with
an aggregate fair value of 214,500. The Company accrued for the liability as accrued compensation expense on the books as of June 30,
2021, as the share were fully earned pursuant to their service agreement. 

On
May 14, 2021, the Company and the former owners of the Poke Entities II (as defined below) entered into a Membership Interest Exchange
Agreement pursuant to which the Company acquired Poke Co Holdings LLC, GLL Enterprises LLC, and TNB Holdings II, LLC, each a Connecticut
limited liability company (collectively, the Poke Entities II in exchange for shares of common stock of the Company valued at
 1,250,000. The Company issued 880,282 shares of common stock of the Company. The price per share was determine by using the 10-day trading
average preceding the date of closing. 

On
May 27, 2021, the Company cancelled 11,879 shares of common stock previously issued to an investor pursuant to a settlement agreement.
The cancellation of the 11,879 shares was part of the settlement agreement. 

On
August 24, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 15,000 shares of common stock of the Company to a digital marketing consultant, pursuant
to their service agreement, with an aggregate fair value of 20,999. 

On
August 24, 2021, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 20,829 shares of common stock to the members of the board of
directors as compensation earned during the second quarter of 2021. 

On
August 26, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 1,100 shares of common stock of the Company to an investor in the Company. 

On
October 11, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 40,000 shares of common stock of the Company to a consultant for general consulting
services, pursuant to their service agreement, with an aggregate fair value of 40,800. 

On
October 21, 2021, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 24,275 shares of common stock to the members of the board of
directors as compensation earned during the third quarter of 2021. 

On
October 22, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 15,000 shares of common stock of the Company to a digital marketing consultant,
pursuant to their service agreement, with an aggregate fair value of 15,150. 

On
November 17, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with accredited investors for a private placement pursuant
to which the investors (the Purchasers purchased from the Company for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 15,000,000
(i) 6,772,000 shares (the shares of common stock of the Company, (ii) a common stock purchase warrant to purchase up to
10,830,305 shares of common stock (the November common warrant and (iii) a pre-funded common stock purchase warrant to
purchase up to 4,058,305 shares of common stock (the pre-funded warrant ). Each share and accompanying November common warrant
was sold together at a combined offering price of 1.385 per share and November common warrant, and each pre-funded warrant and accompanying
November common warrant was sold together at a combined offering price of 1.3849 per pre-funded warrant and accompanying November common
warrant. The November pre-funded warrant is immediately exercisable, at a nominal exercise price of 0.0001 per share, and may be exercised
at any time until the November pre-funded warrant is fully exercised. The November common warrant will have an exercise price of 1.385
per share, are immediately exercisable and will expire 5 years from the date of issuance. The private placement closed on November
22, 2021. 

38 

On
December 3, 2021, the Company issued 82,500 shares of common stock of the Company to a consultant for business strategy consulting with
a fair value of 84,975. 

On
December 7, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 160,000 shares of common stock of the Company to a consultant for strategic advisory
and digital marketing services with an aggregate fair value of 177,600. 

On
December 27, 2021, the Company issued 10,000 shares of common stock of the Company to a consultant with a fair value of 7,400. 

On
January 3, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 1,200,000 shares of common stock in connection with the cashless
exercise of the pre-funded warrants. Pursuant to the terms of the pre-funded warrants a total of 1,200,215 warrants were exercised. 

On
January 6, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 39,573 shares of common stock to the members of the board of
directors as compensation earned during the fourth quarter of 2021. The
Company accrued for the liability as of December 31, 2021. 

On
January 18, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of
30,000 shares of common stock of the Company to a consultant that assisted with the acquisition of SuperFit Foods and Pokemoto, with
an aggregate fair value amount of 15,600. The Company accrued for the liability as of December 31, 2021. 

On
February 24, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 1,209,604 shares of common stock in connection with the cashless
exercise of the pre-funded warrants. Pursuant to the terms of the pre-funded warrants a total of 1,210,110 warrants were exercised. 

On
March 31, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 53,961 shares of common stock to the members of the board of directors
as compensation earned during the first quarter of 2022. 

On
April 4, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of 20,000 shares of common stock to a member of the executive team per the employment
agreement. The stock was not fully earned until April
4, 2022. 

On
June 8, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of 5,000 shares of common stock to a contractor
for work done at a Company owned location. 

On
June 30, 2022, the Company recognized 30,910 shares of common stock for book purposes to reconcile the shares outstanding to the transfer
agent report. 

On
July 14, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 74,019 shares of common stock to the members of the board of directors
as compensation earned during the second quarter of 2022. 

On
October 12, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 75,792 shares of common stock to the members of the board of
directors as compensation earned during the third quarter of 2022. 

On
November 29, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 438,085 shares of common stock in connection with the exercise
of pre-funded warrants. 

On
January 5, 2023, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 31,308 shares of common stock to the members of the board of
directors as compensation earned during the fourth quarter of 2022. The
Company accrued for the liability as of December 31, 2022. 

The
offers, sales, and issuances of the securities described above were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act in
reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or Regulation D promulgated thereunder as transactions by an issuer not involving a
public offering. The recipients of securities in each of these transactions acquired the securities for investment only and not with
a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof and appropriate legends were affixed to the securities issued in these
transactions. Each of the recipients of securities in these transactions was an accredited or sophisticated person and had adequate access,
through employment, business or other relationships, to information about us. 

39 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

ITEM
6. RESERVED 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of Muscle Maker, Inc. Muscle Maker ),
together with its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes to those financial statements that are included
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K following Item 16. References in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations to us, we, our, and similar terms refer to Muscle Maker.
 Muscle Maker Grill , SuperFit Foods , Pokemoto , and Sadot refers to the names under
which our corporate and franchised restaurants do business depending on the concept. This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements
as that term is defined in the federal securities laws. The events described in forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report
may not occur. Generally, these statements relate to business plans or strategies, projected or anticipated benefits or other consequences
of our plans or strategies, projected or anticipated benefits from acquisitions to be made by us, or projections involving anticipated
revenues, earnings or other aspects of our operating results. The words may, will, expect, 
 believe, anticipate, project, plan, forecast, model, 
 proposal, should, may, intend, estimate, and continue, 
and their opposites and similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We caution you that these statements
are not guarantees of future performance or events and are subject to a number of uncertainties, risks and other influences, many of
which are beyond our control, which may influence the accuracy of the statements and the projections upon which the statements are based.
Reference is made to Factors That May Affect Future Results and Financial Condition in this Item 7 for a discussion of
some of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements. 

OVERVIEW 

The
Company operates under the name Muscle Maker Grill, Pokemoto, SuperFit Foods and Sadot and is a franchisor and owner operator of Muscle
Maker Grill restaurants, Pokemoto restaurants, SuperFit Foods Meal Prep and Sadot. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s restaurant
and meal prep system included 19 Company-owned restaurants, 25 franchise restaurants and 34 SuperFit Foods pick up locations. As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has franchise agreements for 46 Pokemoto franchises that have sold but have not opened. In addition
to these restaurants, the Company also operates with the following brand names under our ghost kitchen model: Meal Plan AF, Muscle Maker
Burger Bar, Bowls Deep, Burger Joe s, Wrap It Up, Salad Vibes, Mr. T s House of Boba and Gourmet Sandwich. Our direct mail
to consumer meal prep/plan program operates under the musclemakerprep.com and superfitfoods.com websites. 

As
of December 31, 2022, MMI consisted of five operating segments: 

Muscle
 Maker Grill Restaurant Division 

Pokemoto
 Hawaiian Poke Restaurant Division 

Non-Traditional
 (Hybrid) Division 

SuperFit
 Foods Meal Prep Division 

Sadot
 Division 

40 

Muscle
Maker, Inc. is our parent company. We own and operate three unique healthier for you restaurant concepts within our portfolio
of companies: Muscle Maker Grill restaurants, SuperFit Foods and Pokemoto restaurants. Non-Traditional (Hybrid) Division is a combination
of the aforementioned brands and provides its own unique experience for the customer. Non-Traditional (Hybrid) locations are designed
for unique locations such as universities and military bases. Our Company was founded on the belief of taking every-day menu options
and converting them into healthier for you menu choices. Consumers are demanding healthier choices, customization, flavor
and convenience. We believe our portfolio of companies directly satisfy these consumer needs. We take focus on lean proteins, fresh fruits
and vegetables, proprietary sauces, whole grains and various other items like protein shakes, meal plans, specialty drinks and super
foods. Each of our three concepts offers different menus that are tailored to specific consumer segments. We operate in the fast-casual
and meal prep segments of the restaurant industry. We believe our healthier for you inspired concepts deliver a highly
differentiated customer experience. In 2022 Muscle Maker, Inc created the Sadot Division. Sadot is focused on international food commodity
shipping, farming, sourcing and production of key ingredients such as soy meal, corn, wheat, food oils, etc. Sadot was formed as part
of the Company s diversification strategy to own and operate, through its subsidiaries, the business lines throughout the whole
spectrum of the food chain. 

On
October 19, 2022, MMI formed Sadot LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of MMI. Sadot is focused on
international food commodity shipping, farming, sourcing and production of key ingredients such as soy meal, corn, wheat, food oils,
etc. A typical shipment contains 25,000 to 75,000 metric tons of product, although some transactions can be smaller. Sadot was formed
as part of the Company s diversification strategy to own and operate, through its subsidiaries, the business lines throughout the
whole spectrum of the food chain. 

On
November 14, 2022, MMI, Sadot and Aggia LLC FC, a company formed under the laws of United Arab Emirates Aggia entered
into a Services Agreement whereby Sadot engaged Aggia to provide certain advisory services to Sadot for creating, acquiring and managing
Sadot s business of wholesaling food and engaging in the purchase and sale of physical food commodities. As
consideration for Aggia providing the services to Sadot, the Company agreed to issue shares of common stock of the Company, par value
 0.0001 per share, to Aggia subject to Sadot generating net income measured on a quarterly basis at per share price of 1.5625, subject
to equitable adjustments for any combinations or splits of the Common Stock. The Company may only issue authorized, unreserved Shares
of Common Stock. The Company will not issue Aggia in excess of 14,424,275 shares representing 49.999 of the number of issued and outstanding
shares of Common Stock. Further, once Aggia has been issued a number of Shares constituting 19.99 of the issued and outstanding shares
of Common Stock of the Company, no additional Shares shall be issued to Aggia unless and until this transaction has been approved by
the shareholders of the Company. In the event that the Shares Cap has been reached, then the remaining portion of the net income, if
any, not issued as Shares shall accrue as debt payable by Sadot to Aggia until such Debt has reached a maximum of 71,520,462. 

We
believe our healthy-inspired restaurant concept delivers a highly differentiated customer experience by combining the quality and hospitality
that customers commonly associate with our full service and fast-casual restaurant competitors with the convenience and value customers
generally expect from traditional fast-food restaurants. The foundation of our brand is based on our core values of quality, empowerment,
respect, service and value. 

Quality .
 Commitment to provide high quality, healthy-inspired food for a perceived wonderful experience
 for our guests. 
 
 Empowerment
 and Respect . We seek to empower our employees to take initiative and give their best
 while respecting themselves and others to maintain an environment for teamwork and growth. 
 
 Service .
 Provide world class service to achieve excellence each passing day. 
 
 Value .
 Our combination of high-quality, healthy-inspired food, empowerment of our employees, world
 class service, all delivered at an affordable price, strengthens the value proposition for
 our customers. 

In
striving for these goals, we aspire to connect with our target market and create a great brand with a strong and loyal customer base. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had a cash balance, a working capital surplus and an accumulated deficit of 9,898,420, 4,032,888,
and 79,355,064, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a Pre-tax net loss of 7,937,657 and Net
cash used in operations of 198,629. The Company believes that our existing cash on hand and future cash flows from our franchise operations,
will be sufficient to fund our operations, anticipated capital expenditures and repayment obligations over the next 12 months. 

Key
Financial Definitions 

Total
Revenues 

Our
revenues are derived from four primary sources: Physical Commodity sales, Company restaurant sales, Franchise revenues and vendor rebates
from Franchisees. Franchise revenues are comprised of Franchise royalty revenues collected based on 2 to 6 of franchisee net sales
and other franchise revenues which include initial and renewal franchisee fees. Vendor rebates are received based on volume purchases
or services from franchise owned locations. In addition, we have Other revenues which consists of gift card breakage, which is recognized
when we determine that there is no further legal obligation to remit the unredeemed gift card balance. 

41 

Commodity
Operating Expenses 

Commodity
Cost 

Commodity
cost include the direct cost associated with purchasing the physical food commodities. The cost includes cost of the inventory, insurance,
shipping and other cost associated with transporting the physical food commodity. The components of Commodity cost are variable in nature,
change with sales volume, logistics and are subject to fluctuations in Commodity costs. 

Labor 

Commodity
labor cost consists of consulting fees paid for traders, logistics, and operations personal to perform the purchases and sale of physical
food commodities. Similar to other cost items, we expect total Commodity labor costs to increase as our Commodity sales revenues grows. 

Other
Commodity Operating Expenses 

Other
commodity operating expenses, consist of food commodity purchase and sales expenses not inclusive of Commodity cost and Labor. These
expenses are generally travel and office expense. 

Restaurant
Operating Expenses 

Food
and Beverage Costs 

Food
and beverage costs include the direct costs associated with food, beverage and packaging of our menu items at Company-operated restaurants
partially offset by vendor rebates from Company-owned stores. The components of food, beverages and supplies are variable in nature,
change with sales volume, are affected by menu mix and are subject to fluctuations in Commodity costs. 

Labor 

Restaurant
labor costs, consists of Company-operated restaurant-level management and hourly labor costs, including salaries, wages, payroll taxes,
workers compensation expense, benefits and bonuses paid to our Company-operated restaurant-level team members. Like other cost
items, we expect total restaurant labor costs at our Company-operated restaurants to increase due to inflation and as our Company restaurant
revenues grow. Factors that influence labor costs include minimum wage and employer payroll tax legislation, mandated health care costs
and operational productivity established by the management team. Our labor costs in 2021 was partially offset by employee retention tax
credits provided by the Internal Revenue Service due to the impact of COVID-19. 

Rent 

Restaurant
rent, consist of Company-operated restaurant-level rental or lease payments applicable to executed rental or lease agreements. In many
cases these rental payments may include payments for common area maintenance as well as property tax assessments. Our rent strategy in
some locations consists of a variable rent structure calculated on net sales of the restaurant. While this can have a negative effect
on higher volume locations where we cannot leverage a fixed rent, it provides downside protection for lower volume locations. 

Other
Restaurant Operating Expenses 

Other
restaurant operating expenses, consist of Company-operated restaurant-level ancillary expenses not inclusive of Food and beverage, Labor
and Rent expense. These expenses are generally marketing, advertising, merchant and bank fees, utilities, leasehold and equipment repairs,
insurance and maintenance. A portion of these costs are associated with third party delivery services such as Uber Eats, Grub Hub, DoorDash
and others. The fees associated with these third-party delivery services can range up to 25 of the total order being delivered. Management
believes delivery is a critical component of our business model and industry trends will continue to push consumers towards delivery.
We have adjusted our cost structure to reflect different pricing models, portion sizes, menu offerings and other considerations to potentially
partially offset these rising costs of delivery. 

42 

Impairment
of Intangible Assets 

Impairment
of intangible assets consist of an amount by which the carry amount of the intangible assets exceeds its fair value. This is recognized
by us when the carry amount of an intangible asset is greater than the projected future undiscounted cash flows, as the asset is not
fully recoverable. 

Impairment
of Goodwill 

Impairment
of goodwill consist of an amount by which the carry amount of the goodwill assets exceeds its fair value. This is recognized by us when
the carry amount of goodwill is greater than the projected future discounted cash flows, as the asset is not fully recoverable. 

Depreciation
and Amortization Expenses 

Depreciation
and amortization expenses primarily consist of the depreciation of property and equipment and amortization of intangible assets. 

Franchise
Advertising Expenses 

In
accordance with Topic 606, the Company recognizes sales-based advertising contributions from franchisees as franchise revenue when the
underlying franchisee incurs the corresponding advertising expense. The Company records the related advertising expenses as incurred
under Sales, general and administrative expenses. 

Preopening
Expenses 

Preopening
expense primarily consist of expenses associated with opening a Company-operated location and expenses related to Company-operated locations
prior to the location opening. 

Post-Closing
Expenses 

Post-closing
expense primarily consist of expenses associated with closing a Company-operated location and expenses related to Company-operated locations
after the location has closed. 

Stock-based
Consulting Expenses 

Stock-based
consulting expenses are related to consulting fees due to Aggia for Sadot operations. Based on the servicing agreement with Aggia,
the consulting fees are calculated at approximately 80 of the Net income generated by the Sadot business segment. For the year
ended December 31, 2022, 3,601,987 is recorded as Stock-based consulting expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of
Operations and a corresponding liability is recorded as Accrued stock-based consulting expense in the accompanying Consolidated
Balance Sheets. This expense is expected to be paid in stock in 2023. 

Sales,
General and Administrative Expenses 

Sales,
general and administrative expenses include expenses associated with corporate and administrative functions that support our operations,
including wages, benefits, travel expense, stock-based compensation expense, legal and professional fees, training, investor relations
and other corporate costs. We incur incremental Sales, general and administrative expenses as a result of being a publicly listed company
on the NASDAQ capital market. A certain portion of these expenses are related to the preparation of an initial stock offering and subsequent
capital raises and should be considered one-time expenses. 

Other
(Expense) / Income 

Other
(expense) / income consists of amortization of debt discounts on the convertible notes, interest expense related to notes payable, Change
in fair value of accrued compensation and gains on debt extinguishments in connection with the Paycheck Protection Program, PPP loan forgiveness. 

Income
Taxes 

Income
taxes represent federal, state and local current and deferred income tax expense. 

43 

Consolidated
Results of Operations 

The
following table represents selected items in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively: 

For
 the Years Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues: 

Commodity
 sales 
 150,585,644 

Company
 restaurant sales, net of discounts 
 10,300,394 
 9,320,920 
 
 Franchise
 royalties and fees 
 726,854 
 778,181 
 
 Franchise
 advertising fund contributions 
 80,536 
 188,539 
 
 Other
 revenue 
 4,989 
 61,996 
 
 Total
 revenues 
 161,698,417 
 10,349,636 

Operating
 Costs and Expenses: 

Commodity operating expenses: 

Commodity cost 
 145,671,454 

Labor 
 346,750 

Other commodity operating expenses 
 19,000 

Total commodity operating expenses 
 146,037,204 

Restaurant
 operating expenses: 

Food
 and beverage costs 
 3,940,321 
 3,532,907 
 
 Labor 
 3,844,140 
 1,917,979 
 
 Rent 
 1,190,903 
 1,261,096 
 
 Other
 restaurant operating expenses 
 2,294,688 
 2,343,137 
 
 Total
 restaurant operating expenses 
 11,270,052 
 9,055,119 
 
 Impairment
 of intangible asset 
 347,110 
 1,139,908 
 
 Impairment
 of goodwill 
 
 86,348 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization expenses 
 2,015,048 
 1,206,505 
 
 Franchise
 advertising fund expenses 
 80,536 
 188,539 
 
 Preopening
 expenses 
 116,728 
 31,829 
 
 Post-closing
 expenses 
 197,101 

Stock-based
 consulting expenses 
 3,601,987 

Sales,
 general and administrative expenses 
 6,149,801 
 8,088,682 
 
 Total
 costs and expenses 
 169,815,567 
 19,796,930 
 
 Loss
 from Operations 
 (8,117,150 
 (9,447,294 

Other
 Income: 

Other
 income / (expense) 
 44,944 
 (9,097 
 
 Interest
 expense, net 
 (6,730 
 (69,514 
 
 Change
 in fair value of accrued compensation 
 
 127,500 
 
 Gain
 on debt extinguishment 
 141,279 
 1,228,308 
 
 Total
 other income, net 
 179,493 
 1,277,197 

Loss
 Before Income Tax 
 (7,937,657 
 (8,170,097 
 
 Income
 tax 
 24,771 
 6,033 
 
 Net
 loss 
 (7,962,428 
 (8,176,130 

44 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues 

Our
revenues totaled 161,698,417 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 10,349,636 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
 151,348,781 increase is primarily attributed to an increase in Commodity sales as a direct result of the formation of Sadot. 

We
generated Commodity sales of 150,585,644 for the year ended December 31, 2022. We did not have any Commodity sales for the year ended
December 31, 2021. This represented an increase of 150,585,644, or 100 , which is attributable to the formation of Sadot, and the sales
generated from physical food related commodities. 

We
generated Company restaurant sales, net of discounts, of 10,300,394 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 9,320,920 for
the year ended December 31, 2021. This represented an increase of 979,474, or 10.51 , which is mainly attributable to a full year of
sales for Pokemoto restaurants and SuperFit Foods compared to 2021. 

Franchise
royalties and fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 726,854 compared to 778,181, respectively. This represents
a decrease of 51,327, or 6.60 . In 2021, the franchise fees were higher, primarily due to the closing of several Muscle Maker Grill
Franchise restaurants, which corresponds to accelerating the recognition of initial franchise fees. 

Franchise
advertising fund contributions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 80,536 compared to 188,539, respectively. In
accordance with Topic 606, the Company recognizes these sales-based advertising contributions from franchisees as franchise revenue
when the underlying franchisee Company incurs the corresponding advertising expense. The decrease of 108,003 or 57.28 , is a direct
result of the decrease in Muscle Maker Grill franchises and the national advertising services to benefit the brand as a
whole. 

Other
revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 4,989 and 61,996, respectively. Other revenues consisted of gift card
breakage recognized. 

Operating
Costs and Expenses 

Operating
costs and expenses primarily consist of Commodity costs, Restaurant food and beverage costs, Restaurant labor expense, Restaurant
rent expense, Other restaurant operating expenses, Depreciation and amortization expenses and Sales, general and
administrative expenses. 

Commodity
costs for the year ended December 31, 2022, totaled 145,671,454 or 96.74 as a percentage of Commodity sales. There was no Commodity
cost for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 145,671,454 increase resulted from a new line of business operated by Sadot. 

Commodity
labor costs for the year ended December 31, 2022, totaled 346,750 or 0.23 as a percentage of Commodity sales. There were no Commodity
labor costs for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 346,750 increase resulted from a new line of business operated by Sadot. 

Other
commodity operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 19,000 or 0.01 as a percentage of Commodity sales There was
no Other commodity operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 19,000 increase resulted from a new line of business
operated by Sadot. 

Restaurant
food and beverage costs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 3,940,321 or 38.25 as a percentage of Company restaurant
net sales, and 3,532,907 or 37.90 , as a percentage of Company restaurant net sales, respectively. The 407,414 increase resulted from
a full year of sales for Pokemoto restaurants and SuperFit Foods during the current year as compared to the prior year resulting in higher
sales. Total restaurant food and beverage cost as a percentage of sales increased by 0.35 as a result of higher commodity prices in
2022. 

Restaurant
labor expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 3,844,140, or 37.32 , as a percentage of Company restaurant net
sales, and 1,917,979, or 20.58 , as a percentage of Company restaurant net sales, respectively. The 1,926,161 increase resulted from
a reduction in Labor expense in 2021 as a result of approximately 1,920,000 in employee retention credits that were made available to
us due to the effects of COVID-19. Without the employee retention credit restaurant labor for the year ended December 31, 2021, totaled
 3,837,979 or 41.17 as a percentage of Company restaurant net sales. Notwithstanding the positive effect of the tax credits on our 2021
Labor costs we were able to reduce our overall labors as a percentage of sales by 3.85 due to increased sales and also due to improvements
in operations. 

Restaurant
rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 1,190,903, or 11.56 as a percentage of restaurant sales, and 1,261,096,
or 13.53 , as a percentage of restaurant sales, respectively. The decrease of 70,193 is directly attributed to the closure of nonperforming
corporate location. The percent of total sales decreased by 1.97 as sales increased overall, and we are able to leverage fixed rent
against these higher sales levels in conjunction with closing underperforming stores. 

45 

Other
restaurant operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 2,294,688, or 22.28 as a percentage of restaurant
sales, and 2,343,137, or 25.14 as a percentage of restaurant sales, respectively. The 48,449 decrease is primarily due to a decrease
in insurance cost resulting from a consolidation in insurance companies and a decrease in third party processing fees, partially offset
by an increase in delivery orders and a full year of sales for Pokemoto restaurants and SuperFit Foods during the year as compared to
the prior year. The Other restaurant operating expenses as a percent of total sales reduced by 2.86 . 

Impairment
of intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 totaled 347,110 and 1,139,908, respectively. We performed a recoverability
test on the Muscle Maker Grill trademark and franchise agreements based on its projected future undiscounted cash flows. The forecast
was based on actual revenues, and we also considered recent developments as well as our strategic plans and intentions. Based on the
forecasts we recorded an aggregate impairment charge. The impairment charges are directly attributed to the closure of our Muscle Maker
Grill Company-owned restaurants and our franchise locations as compared to the prior periods. 

We
had no Impairment of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021 Impairment of goodwill totaled
 86,348. We performed an impairment test on the Muscle Maker Grill goodwill based on its projected future undiscounted cash flows. The
forecast was based on actual revenues of the location the goodwill was recorded on. The 2021 impairment charge was directly attributed
to the Muscle Maker Grill Midtown location that was closed in late 2022. 

Depreciation
and amortization expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 2,015,048 and 1,206,505, respectively. The 808,543
increase is mainly attributed to amortization expense due to the transition of the trademark of Muscle Maker Grill from an infinite
life asset to a finite life asset and a full year of amortization expense of intangibles acquired in 2021 of approximately 788,867. 

Preopening
expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, totaled 116,728 and 31,829, respectively. The increase in preopening expense
resulted from expenses incurred prior to the opening of our new Company-owned stores. 

Post-closing
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 197,101. There were no Post-closing expenses for the year ended December 31,
2021. The increase in Post-closing expenses resulted from expenses incurred after the closing of underperforming
Company-owned stores. 

Stock-based
consulting expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, totaled 3,601,987. There were no Stock-based consulting expenses for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The increase in Stock-based consulting expenses is the result of consulting fees due to Aggia for Sadot operations.
Based on the servicing agreement with Aggia, the consulting fees are calculated at approximately 80 of the Net income generated by the
Sadot business segment. This expense is expected to be paid in stock in 2023. 

Sales,
general and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 6,149,801, or 3.80 of total revenue,
and 8,088,682, or 78.15 of total revenue, respectively. The 1,938,881 decrease was primarily attributable to a reduction in consulting
expenses of approximately 1,471,056 , which is mainly due to stock-based compensation
expense recorded for services rendered in the prior year as compared to the current
year and a decrease in professional fees of approximately 1,173,900. The decrease was offset by an increase in salaries,
wages and benefits of approximately 483,762 due to a full year of salary for additional staff members as a result of our
acquisitions in 2021. The remainder of the variance was attributed to various other expenses including insurance, recruiting,
marketing and computer expenses. 

Loss
from Operations 

Our
loss from operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 8,117,150, or 5.02 of total revenues and 9,447,294,
or 91.28 of total revenue, respectively. The decrease of 1,330,144 in Loss from operations is primarily attributable to the
increase of Total revenues of 151,348,781, partially offset by the increase in Total cost and expenses of 150,018,637 as discussed
above. 

Other
Income 

Other
income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 179,493 and 1,277,197, respectively. The 1,097,704 decrease in Other
income was primarily attributable to a decrease in the Gain on extinguishment of debt of 1,087,028 due to the forgiveness of
our PPP loans, a decrease of 127,500 in the Change in fair value of accrued compensation, partially
offset by a 62,783 decrease in Interest expense and a 54,041 increase in Other income. 

Net
Loss 

Our
Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 7,962,428 which was an improvement of 213,702 as compared to a Net loss of 8,176,130
for the year ended December 31, 2021, resulting from an increase in our Total revenue of 151,348,781, partially offset by an increase
of our Total cost and expenses of 150,018,637 and a decrease in Other income of 1,097,704. 

46 

The
following table represents selected items in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, by our operating
segments: 

Consolidated 
 Muscle
 Maker 
 Grill Division 
 Pokemoto 
 Division 
 Non-Traditional 
 (Hybrid) Division 
 SuperFit
 Foods 
 Division 
 Sadot 
 Division (a) 
 Unallocated 

Revenues: 

Commodity
 sales 
 150,585,644 

150,585,644 

Company
 restaurant sales, net of discounts 
 10,300,394 
 3,933,924 
 4,649,833 
 383,270 
 1,333,367 

Franchise
 royalties and fees 
 726,854 
 423,728 
 303,126 

Franchise
 advertising fund contributions 
 80,536 
 80,536 

Other
 revenue 
 4,989 
 4,989 

Total
 revenues 
 161,698,417 
 4,443,177 
 4,952,959 
 383,270 
 1,333,367 
 150,585,644 

Operating
 Costs and Expenses: 

Commodity
 cost 
 145,671,454 

145,671,454 

Labor 
 346,750 

346,750 

Other
 commodity operating expenses 
 19,000 

19,000 

Total
 commodity operating expenses 
 146,037,204 

146,037,204 

Restaurant
 operating expenses: 

Food
 and beverage costs 
 3,940,321 
 1,528,197 
 1,754,428 
 164,139 
 493,557 

Labor 
 3,844,140 
 1,777,050 
 1,447,474 
 248,912 
 370,704 

Rent 
 1,190,903 
 573,418 
 413,969 
 73,559 
 129,957 

Other
 restaurant operating expenses 
 2,294,688 
 895,177 
 1,012,990 
 123,464 
 263,057 

Total
 restaurant operating expenses 
 11,270,052 
 4,773,842 
 4,628,861 
 610,074 
 1,257,275 

Impairment
 of intangible assets 
 347,110 
 347,110 

(b) 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization expenses 
 2,015,048 
 179,950 
 231,214 
 101,773 
 38,207 
 
 1,463,904 
 (b) 
 
 Franchise
 advertising fund expenses 
 80,536 
 80,536 

Preopening
 expenses 
 116,728 

116,728 
 (c) 
 
 Post-closing
 expenses 
 197,101 

197,101 
 (c) 
 
 Stock-based
 consulting expenses 
 3,601,987 

3,601,987 

Sales,
 general and administrative expenses 
 6,149,801 

6,149,801 
 (d) 
 
 Total
 costs and expenses 
 169,815,567 
 5,381,438 
 4,860,075 
 711,847 
 1,295,482 
 146,037,204 
 11,529,521 

(Loss)
 / income from operations 
 (8,117,150 
 (938,261 
 92,884 
 (328,577 
 37,885 
 4,548,440 
 (11,529,521 

Other
 Income: 

Other
 income 
 44,944 

44,944 

Interest
 expense, net 
 (6,730 

(6,730 

Gain
 on debt extinguishment 
 141,279 

141,279 

Total
 other income, net 
 179,493 

179,493 

Loss
 Before Income Tax 
 (7,937,657 
 (938,261 
 92,884 
 (328,577 
 37,885 
 4,548,440 
 (11,350,028 

Income
 tax 
 24,771 

24,771 

Net
 (loss) / income 
 (7,962,428 
 (938,261 
 92,884 
 (328,577 
 37,885 
 4,548,440 
 (11,374,799 

(a) Sadot
 Division Statement of operations for the period from November 14, 2022 (agreement
 date with Aggia) through December 31, 2022. 
 
 (b) Includes
 charges of 347,110 related to the Impairment of intangible assets, related to Muscle Maker
 Grill restaurants intangible assets. This also includes amortization of intangible assets
 and depreciation of corporate assets. See Note 7. 
 
 (c) Includes
 charges related to locations that have not opened yet or charges related to locations that
 have already closed. 
 
 (d) Includes
 charges related to corporate expense that the Company does not allocate to the respective
 divisions. The largest portion of this expense relates to payroll, benefits and other compensation
 expense of 3,682,605 and professional fees of 922,828. 

47 

The
following table represents selected items in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2021, by our operating
segments: 

Consolidated 
 Muscle
 Maker 
 Grill Division 
 Pokemoto 
 Division (a) 
 Non-Traditional 
 (Hybrid) Division 
 SuperFit
 Foods 
 Division (b) 
 Unallocated 

Revenues: 

Commodity
 sales 

Company
 restaurant sales, net of discounts 
 9,320,920 
 4,652,535 
 2,535,050 
 665,884 
 1,467,451 

Franchise
 royalties and fees 
 778,181 
 627,733 
 150,448 

Franchise
 advertising fund contributions 
 188,539 
 188,539 

Other
 revenue 
 61,996 
 61,996 

Total
 revenues 
 10,349,636 
 5,530,803 
 2,685,498 
 665,884 
 1,467,451 

Operating
 Costs and Expenses: 

Restaurant
 operating expenses: 

Food and
 beverage costs 
 3,532,907 
 1,802,931 
 857,756 
 377,535 
 494,685 

Labor 
 1,917,979 
 692,301 
 386,610 
 457,776 
 381,292 

Rent 
 1,261,096 
 717,111 
 204,281 
 265,051 
 74,653 

Other
 restaurant operating expenses 
 2,343,137 
 1,071,988 
 555,903 
 414,414 
 300,832 

Total
 restaurant operating expenses 
 9,055,119 
 4,284,331 
 2,004,550 
 1,514,776 
 1,251,462 

Impairment
 of intangible assets 
 1,139,908 
 1,139,908 

(c) 
 
 Impairment of goodwill 
 86,348 
 86,348 

(c) 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization expenses 
 1,206,505 
 325,312 
 48,019 
 160,882 
 23,200 
 649,092 
 (c) 
 
 Franchise
 advertising fund expenses 
 188,539 
 188,539 

Preopening
 expenses 
 31,829 

31,829 
 (d) 
 
 Sales,
 general and administrative expenses 
 8,088,682 

8,088,682 
 (e) 
 
 Total
 costs and expenses 
 19,796,930 
 6,024,438 
 2,052,569 
 1,675,658 
 1,274,662 
 8,769,603 

(Loss)
 / income from operations 
 (9,447,294 
 (493,635 
 632,929 
 (1,009,774 
 192,789 
 (8,769,603 

Other Income: 

Other income 
 (9,097 

(9,097 

Interest
 expense, net 
 (69,514 

(69,514 

Change
 in fair value of accrued compensation 
 127,500 

127,500 

Gain
 on debt extinguishment 
 1,228,308 

1,228,308 

Total
 other income, net 
 1,277,197 

1,277,197 

Loss Before
 Income Tax 
 (8,170,097 
 (493,635 
 632,929 
 (1,009,774 
 192,789 
 (7,492,406 

Income
 tax 
 6,033 

6,033 

Net
 (loss) / income 
 (8,176,130 
 (493,635 
 632,929 
 (1,009,774 
 192,789 
 (7,498,439 

(a) Pokemoto
 Division Statement of operations for the period from May 14, 2021 (acquisition date)
 through December 31, 2022. 
 
 (b) SuperFit
 Foods Division Statement of operations for the period from March 25, 2021 (acquisition
 date) through December 31, 2022. 
 
 (c) Includes
 charges of 1,139,908 and 86,348 related to the Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill,
 respectively, related to Muscle Maker Grill restaurants intangible assets and goodwill. This
 also includes amortization of intangible assets and depreciation of corporate assets. See
 Note 7. 
 
 (d) Includes
 charges related to locations that have not opened yet. 
 
 (e) Includes
 charges related to corporate expense that the Company does not allocate to the respective
 divisions. The largest portion of this expense relates to payroll, benefits and other compensation
 expense of 3,198,884 and professional fees and consulting fees of 3,707,773. 

48 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Liquidity 

We
measure our liquidity in a number of ways, including the following: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash 
 9,898,420 
 15,766,703 
 
 Working capital surplus 
 4,032,888 
 15,041,334 
 
 Notes payable 
 981,178 
 1,352,537 

Availability
of Additional Funds 

Although
we have a working capital surplus of 4,032,888, we presently have an accumulated deficit of 79,355,064, as of December 31, 2022, and
we utilized 198,629 of cash in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022. We believe that our existing cash on
hand and future cash flows from our franchise operations and commodity trading operations, will be sufficient to fund our operations,
anticipated capital expenditures and repayment obligations over the next 12 months. 

In
the event we are required to obtain additional financing, either through borrowings, private placements, public offerings, or some type
of business combination, such as a merger, or buyout, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in such pursuits. We may
be unable to acquire the additional funding necessary to continue operating. Accordingly, if we are unable to generate adequate cash
from operations, and if we are unable to find sources of funding, it may be necessary for us to sell one or more lines of business or
all or a portion of our assets, enter into a business combination or reduce or eliminate operations. These possibilities, to the extent
available, may be on terms that result in significant dilution to our shareholders or that result in our shareholders losing all of their
investment in our Company. 

If
we need to raise additional capital, we do not know what the terms of any such capital raising would be. In addition, any future sale
of our equity securities could dilute the ownership and control of your shares and could be at prices substantially below prices at which
our shares currently trade. We may seek to increase our cash reserves through the sale of additional equity or debt securities. The sale
of convertible debt securities or additional equity securities could result in additional and potentially substantial dilution to our
shareholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could result in operating and financing
covenants that would restrict our operations and liquidity. In addition, our ability to obtain additional capital on acceptable terms
is subject to a variety of uncertainties. We cannot assure you that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to
us, if at all. Any failure to raise additional funds on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and financial
condition. 

On
April 7, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor for a private placement pursuant
to which the investor purchased from the Company for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 10,000,000 (i) 1,250,000 shares of
common stock of the Company (ii) a common stock purchase warrant to purchase up to 4,115,227 shares of common stock (the common
warrant and (iii) a pre-funded common stock purchase warrant to purchase up to 2,865,227 shares of common stock (the pre-funded
warrant ). Each share and accompanying common warrant were sold together at a combined offering price of 2.43 per share and common
warrant, and each pre-funded warrant and accompanying common warrant was sold together at a combined offering price of 2.42 per pre-funded
warrant and accompanying common warrant. The pre-funded warrant is immediately exercisable, at a nominal exercise price of 0.01 per
share, and may be exercised at any time until the pre-funded warrant is fully exercised. The common warrant has an exercise price of
 2.43 per share, are immediately exercisable and will expire 5.5 years from the date of issuance. The private placement
closed on April 9, 2021. 

On
November 17, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with accredited investors for a private placement pursuant
to which the investors purchased from the Company for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 15,000,000 (i) 6,772,000 shares (the
 shares of common stock of the Company, (ii) a common stock purchase warrant to purchase up to 10,830,305 shares of common
stock (the November common warrant and (iii) a pre-funded common stock purchase warrant to purchase up to 4,058,305 shares
of common stock (the pre-funded warrant ). Each share and accompanying November common warrant was sold together at a combined
offering price of 1.385 per share and November common warrant, and each pre-funded warrant and accompanying November common warrant
was sold together at a combined offering price of 1.3849 per pre-funded warrant and accompanying November common warrant. The November
pre-funded warrant is immediately exercisable, at a nominal exercise price of 0.0001 per share, and may be exercised at any time until
the November pre-funded warrant is fully exercised. The November common warrant will have an exercise price of 1.385 per share, are
immediately exercisable and will expire 5 years from the date of issuance. The private placement closed on November 22, 2021. 

49 

Sources
and Uses of Cash for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we used Net cash of 198,629 and 6,392,711, respectively, in operations. Our Net cash
used for the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily attributable to our Net loss of 7,962,428, adjusted for net non-cash
income in the aggregate amount of 6,202,336 offset by 1,561,463 of Net cash provided by changes in the levels of operating assets
and liabilities. Our Net cash used for the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily attributable to our Net loss of 8,176,130,
adjusted for net non-cash income in the aggregate amount of 3,484,067, partially offset by 1,700,648 of Net cash used in
changes in the levels of operating assets and liabilities. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, Net cash used in investing activities was 5,439,618, of which 4,914,191 was used for a Deposit
on farmland, 596,611 was used to purchase Property and equipment and 71,184 was collected from loans to franchisees loan
issuances. For the year ended December 31, 2021, Net cash used in investing activities was 3,575,809, of which 262,019 was used to
purchase Property and equipment, 3,315,390 used in connection with the acquisition of new Company stores from former franchisees
and 1,600 was collected from loans to franchisees and related parties net of loan issuances. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, Net cash used in financing activities was 230,036, consisting of repayments of various other
notes payable of 230,080 and 44 of proceeds from the exercise of pre-funded warrants. For the year ended December 31, 2021, Net
cash provided by financing activities was 21,539,291, consisting of 22,890,950 in proceeds
from Private Placement offerings, net of underwriter s discount and offering costs, and the proceeds from the exercising of
the pre-funded warrants of 28,773, partially offset by repayments of various other notes payable of 1,280,432, which consisted
mainly of U.S. Small Business Administration (the SBA loans that was acquired through the Pokemoto acquisition and
 100,000 cash paid to a former investor in connection with the cancellation of their shares. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which requires
companies to recognize lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use leased assets on the Balance Sheets and to disclose key information
about leasing arrangements. Qualitative and quantitative disclosures will be enhanced to better understand the amount, timing, and uncertainty
of cash flows arising from leases. ASU No. 2016-02 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2021, with early adoption
permitted. 

Additionally,
in 2018 and 2019, the FASB issued the following Topic 842 related ASUs: 

ASU
2018-01, Land Easement Practical Expedient for Transition to Topic 842, which clarifies the applicability of Topic 842 to land easements
and provides an optional transition practical expedient for existing land easements; 

ASU
2018-10, Codification Improvements to Topic 842, Leases, which makes certain technical corrections to Topic 842; 

ASU
2018-11, Leases (Topic 842): Targeted Improvements, which allows companies to adopt Topic 842 without revising comparative period reporting
or disclosures and provides an optional practical expedient to lessors to not separate lease and non-lease components of a contract if
certain criteria are met; and 

ASU
2019-01, Leases (Topic 842): Codification Improvements, which provides guidance for certain lessors on determining the fair value of
an underlying asset in a lease and on the cash flow statement presentation of lease payments received; ASU No. 2019-01 also clarifies
disclosures required in interim periods after adoption of ASU No. 2016-02 in the year of adoption. 

The
Company adopted Topic 842 as of January 1, 2022 and recognized a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of accumulated deficit
of 15,010 as of the adoption date, and recognized an additional 7,789 during the second quarter of 2022, based on updated information
on two of our leases, for an aggregate cumulative-effect adjustment to accumulated deficit of 22,799. 

50 

In
October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08 Business Combinations Topic 805 ): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract
Liabilities from Contracts with Customers. The ASU requires contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination
to be recognized and measured by the acquirer on the acquisition date in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers , as if it had originated the contracts. Under the current business combinations guidance, such assets and liabilities
were recognized by the acquirer at fair value on the acquisition date. The ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within
those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2022, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material
impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that
is material to investors. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
Financial Statements required by this Item 8 are included in this Annual Report following Item 16 hereof. As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to provide supplementary financial information. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted
an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15 promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of the year ended December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of such date our disclosure controls and procedures are effective
in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, on a timely basis, information requested to be disclosed by us in our reports that
we file or submit under the Exchange Act. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Our management has concluded
that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on these criteria. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
Company has added and will continue to add additional internal control procedures, additional resources and software to increase the
internal control aspects of the company as we integrate our Sadot subsidiary into the overall business. Other than above changes,
there were no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the year ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

On
December 27, 2022, the Board appointed Benjamin Petel to the Board of Directors. 

51 

On
February 2, 2023, the Board appointed Na Yeon Hannah Oh and Ray Shankar to the Board of Directors, effective March 1, 2023. 

The Company held a Special
Meeting on February 28, 2023. Of the 29,318,520 shares of Common Stock outstanding on January 19, 2023, the record date, 17,201,755 shares
were represented at the Special Meeting, in person or by proxy, constituting a quorum. At the meeting, the shareholders approved (i) the
Services Agreement (the Services Agreement whereby Sadot LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company Sadot engaged Aggia LLC FC, a company formed under the laws of United Arab Emirates Aggia ),
to provide certain advisory services to Sadot for creating, acquiring and managing Sadot s business of wholesaling food and engaging
in the purchase and sale of physical food commodities (the Sadot Transaction (ii) an
amendment of the Company s articles of incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from 50,000,000
to 150,000,000; (iii) for purposes of complying with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(b), the issuance of the Shares pursuant to the Services
Agreement entered between the Company, Sadot and Aggia representing more than 20 of our common stock outstanding, which would result
in a change of control of the Company under applicable Nasdaq listing rules; (iv) for purposes of complying with NASDAQ
Listing Rule 5635(c), the issuance of up to 14,424,275 Shares of Common Stock to Aggia pursuant to the Services Agreement and net income
generated thresholds; (v) the right of Aggia to nominate up to eight directors to the Board of Directors subject to achieving net income
thresholds as set forth in the Services Agreement; and (vi) the adoption of the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan. 

On
March 2, 2023, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation, as amended, with the Secretary of State
of the State of Nevada to increase the number of authorized shares of the Company s common stock from 50,000,000 to 150,000,000
shares. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Board
of Directors and Executive Officers 

Our
directors hold office until their successors are elected and qualified, or until their deaths, resignations or removals. Our executive
officers hold office at the pleasure of our board of directors, or until their deaths, resignations or removals. 

As
of March 21, 2023, our current directors and executive officers and their ages are: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Principal
 Positions Held With Us 
 
 Kevin
 Mohan (1) 
 
 49 
 
 Chief Investment Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Michael J. Roper 
 
 58 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Secretary 
 
 Kenneth Miller 
 
 53 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Jennifer Black 
 
 41 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Aimee Infante 
 
 36 
 
 Chief Marketing Officer 
 
 Stephen
 A. Spanos (2) 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 A.B.
 Southall III (3) 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 Paul
 L. Menchik (4) 
 
 75 
 
 Director 
 
 Jeff
 Carl (5) 
 
 67 
 
 Director 
 
 Major
 General (Ret) Malcolm B. Frost (6) 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Phillip
 Balatsos (7) 
 
 45 
 
 Director 
 
 Benjamin
 Petel 
 
 44 
 
 Director 
 
 Na Yeon Hannah Oh 
 
 37 
 
 Director 
 
 Ray
 Shankar 
 
 47 
 
 Director 

(1) Mr.
 Mohan serves as the Chairman of the Board. 
 
 (2) Mr.
 Spanos serves as the Chairman of the Audit Committee. 
 
 (3) Mr.
 A.B. Southall III serves as a member of the Governance Committee. 
 
 (4) Mr.
 Menchik serves as the Chairman of the Governance Committee and is a member of the Audit Committee. 
 
 (5) Mr.
 Carl serves as the Chairman of the Compensations Committee and is a member of the Governance
 Committee. 
 
 (6) Mr.
 Frost serves as a member of the Compensation Committee. 
 
 (7) Mr.
 Balatsos serves as a member of the Compensation and Audit Committee. 

52 

Executive
Officers 

Kevin
Mohan . Mr. Mohan has served as Chairman of the Board and a director of Muscle
Maker, Inc. since April 16, 2018. From April 16, 2018 through May 1, 2018, he also served as our Interim President. He has also served
as the Chief Investment Officer since September 17, 2018. From June 2012 through March 2017, Mr. Mohan served as the VP of Capital Markets
for American Restaurant Holdings, Inc., a company focused on acquiring and expanding fast-casual restaurant brands. 

Based
on his experience we have deemed Mr. Mohan fit to serve on the Board and as Chairman of the Board. 

Michael
J. Roper. Mr. Roper has served as Chief Executive Officer, of Muscle Maker, Inc. since May 1, 2018. Mr. Roper has unique experience
ranging from owning and operating several franchise locations through the corporate executive levels. From May 2015 through October 2017,
Mr. Roper served as Chief Executive Officer of Taco Bueno where he was responsible for defining strategy and providing leadership to
162 company-owned and operated locations along with 23 franchised locations. From March 2014 through May 2015, Mr. Roper served as the
Chief Operating Officer of Taco Bueno and from July 2013 through March 2014 as the Chief Development and Technology Officer of Taco Bueno.
Prior to joining Taco Bueno, Mr. Roper was a franchise owner and operator of a IMS Barter franchise and held several roles with Quiznos
Sub from 2000 to 2012 starting as a franchise owner and culminating in his appointment as the Chief Operating Officer/Executive Vice
President of Operations in 2009. Mr. Roper received a Bachelor of Science in Business and General Management from Northern Illinois University. 

Based
on his education and extensive experience in the restaurant/franchise industry, we have deemed Mr. Roper fit to serve as our principal
executive officer. 

Kenneth
Miller. Mr. Miller has served as Chief Operating Officer of Muscle Maker, Inc. since September 26, 2018. Mr. Miller has served
in the restaurant business for an extensive portion of his career. Prior to joining us as Chief Operating Officer in September 2018,
Mr. Miller served as the Senior Vice President of Operations for Dickey s BBQ Restaurant from April 2018 through September
2018 and in various capacities with Taco Bueno Restaurants, LP from October 2013 through April 2018 culminating in the position of
Senior Vice President of Operations. Mr. Miller received a Bachelor of Arts in Business/Exercise Science from Tabor College in
1991. 

Based
on his education and extensive experience in the restaurant/franchise industry, we have deemed Mr. Miller fit to serve as our Chief Operating
Officer. 

Jennifer
Black . Ms. Black has served as Chief Financial Officer of Muscle Maker, Inc. since
January 2, 2022. Ms. Black is an experienced Chief Financial Officer with a demonstrated history of working with public and private
equity backed organizations. Prior to joining the Company, from September 2018 through December 2021, Ms. Black served as the Chief Financial
Officer for Eagle Pressure Control LLC Eagle and Talon Pressure Control, oilfield service companies. From October 2015
through September 2018, Ms. Black served as the Controller for AG Resource Management, a private equity backed agriculture lending company,
and as the Controller for Basic Energy Services, an oil and gas services company, from January 2013 through October 2015. Ms. Black has
also held various other roles including Vice President of SEC reporting with OMNI American Bank and Audit Manager with RSM McGladrey.
In November 2020, Eagle, as a result of various events including an oil and gas work related incident, decline of oil and gas prices
and the impact from COVID-19, filed for bankruptcy protection under Subchapter V under Chapter 11 in the US Bankruptcy Court, Southern
District of Texas (Houston) (Bankruptcy Petition #: 20-35474). Ms. Black is a Certified Public Accountant and a Chartered Global Management
Accountant. Ms. Black received a Master of Business Administration from Jack Welch Management Institute in 2018 and Bachelor of Science
in Accounting and Finance from Texas Tech University in 2003. 

Based
on her education and extensive experience in the financial and accounting industries, we have deemed Ms. Black fit to serve as our Chief
Financial Officer. 

Aimee
Infante. Ms. Infante has served as the Chief Marketing Officer of Muscle Maker,
Inc. since May 6, 2019. Ms. Infante had previously served as the Vice President of Marketing of each of Muscle Maker Development, LLC
and Muscle Maker Corp., LLC since August 25, 2017 and September 15, 2017, respectively. From June 6, 2017 to September 15, 2017, she was
the Vice President of Marketing of Muscle Maker Brands Conversion, Inc. From February 2016 through June 5, 2017, she served as the Vice
President of Marketing of Muscle Maker Brands, LLC, which converted into Muscle Maker Brands Conversion, Inc. on June 6, 2017. From January
2015 through January 2016, Ms. Infante served as our Director of Marketing of Muscle Maker Brands. Ms. Infante was Director of Marketing
of Muscle Maker Franchising from October 2014 to January 2015. Ms. Infante was employed by Qdoba Mexican Grill in Denver, Colorado from
November 2010 to April 2014, serving as Regional Marketing Specialist from November 2010 to October 2012 and Marketing Manager from October
2012 to April 2014. Ms. Infante holds a Bachelor of Science in Marketing from Rider University. 

Based
on her education and extensive experience in the restaurant/franchise industry, we have deemed Ms. Infante fit to serve as our Chief
Marketing Officer. 

53 

Stephen
A. Spanos. Mr. Spanos has served as director of Muscle Maker, Inc. since February 2020. Since 2013, Mr. Spanos has provided financial
and accounting consulting services for both privately held and public companies. From 2009 to 2013, Mr. Spanos served as the Chief Financial
Officer of Orion Seafood International, Inc., a marketer of frozen lobster products, and as the Controller of Reef Point Systems, a provider
of security solutions for converged wireless and wireline networks in the United States, from 2005 to 2013. Mr. Spanos served as an audit
manager for BDO USA, LLP and as an auditor for Ernst Young. Mr. Spanos received his MBA and BS in Business Administration, Accounting
and Financing in 1995 and 1985, respectively, from Boston University. 

Based
on his education and extensive experience in financial and accounting matters, we have deemed that Mr. Spanos is fit to serve on the
Board. 

A.B.
Southall III . Mr. Southall has served as director of Muscle Maker, Inc since February
2017. He has over 35 years of experience managing construction and land developing businesses. He was the President of a Custom Home Building
Company for over 25 years, in addition to 20 years as President of a 189 boat slip marina complex. His involvement in the marina business
led him to co-founding a local Waterway Association, where he was on the board since its inception. He has diversely invested across multiple
sectors including private placements, oil gas, real estate, restaurant businesses and commodities. Mr. Southall is an advocate of
a healthy approach to the food industry and the restaurant business. 

Based
on his vast business and financial experience with real estate and restaurants, we have deemed Mr. Southall fit to serve on the Board. 

Paul
L. Menchik . Mr. Menchik has served as director of Muscle Maker, Inc. since February 2017. Since 1986, Mr. Menchik has been
Professor of Economics at Michigan State University where he has been Department chairperson and Director of Graduate Programs. He has
served as Senior Economist for Economic Policy for the White House Office of Management and Budget (where among other matters he worked
on Social Security solvency issues) and served as Visiting Scholar at the Tax Analysis Division of the Congressional Budget Office. Menchik
has also been on the faculty of Rutgers University and the University of Wisconsin and has served as visiting faculty at University of
Pennsylvania, London School of Economics, University College London, and Victoria University in Wellington New Zealand. Over the years
he has advised three state governments and five United States government agencies. He holds a Ph.D. from the Wharton School of Finance
and Commerce at the University of Pennsylvania. He has over 40 publications including a book on household and family economics, made
over 85 paper presentations at other universities and conferences around the world and has refereed for over 20 academic journals and
is currently a member of the editorial board for the Journal of Income Distribution. He is a member of Who s Who in Economics and
Who s Who in America. 

Based
on his education and extensive experience in economic and financial matters, we have deemed Mr. Menchik fit to serve on the Board. 

Jeff
Carl. Mr. Carl has served as director of Muscle Maker, Inc. since September 3, 2019. Mr. Carl has served as director of Muscle Maker, Inc. since September 3,
2019. Since 2017, Mr. Carl has served as principal of Restaurant Brandworks an independent restaurant and retail consultancy based
in San Francisco. Mr. Carl also serves as Executive Director of Nice + Company, a marketing agency with a focus on digital media
and creative. From 2013 to 2017, Mr. Carl served as the Chief Marketing Officer for Taco Bueno Restaurants, and from 2009 to 2013 as the
Chief Marketing Officer of Tavistock Restaurants LLC. From 2001 to 2007, Mr. Carl served as Corporate Vice President of Global Marketing
and Chief Marketing Officer of Latin America for McDonald s Corporation. Mr. Carl received a BA from Wake Forest University in 1977
and an MBA from the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill in 1979. 

Based
on his experience within the restaurant industry and due to the fact that he has held senior level executive positions with a focus on
advertising and marketing, we have deemed Mr. Carl a fit to serve on the Board. 

54 

Major
General (Ret) Malcolm B. Frost . Major General Frost has over 35 years of leadership experience in both
the U.S. Army and business. He served as a career Infantryman, commanding and leading soldiers at every level from Lieutenant to 2-star
General. Throughout his military career he provided large-scale strategic and operational leadership and oversight of units in the Indo-Asia-Pacific,
Middle East, Europe, and the United States - successfully leading the evolution of soldier training programs in peace and war. He led
the Army s Holistic Health and Fitness revolution from 2017-19 and was responsible for developing the first new physical fitness
test for the Army in 40 years. He also led the Army s initial entry training enterprise that annually transformed 130K civilians
into soldiers and as the Army s Director of Public Affairs, developed and led all strategic communications plans, roll-outs, and
national media relations initiatives for the Army. He has been deployed to combat several times in a variety of leadership and command
positions in Bosnia-Hercegovina, Iraq, and Afghanistan between 1995-2011. Since transitioning from the Army, General Frost provides keynote
speaking, executive leadership consulting, training workshops, and strategic advice in public relations and integrated communications
to corporate America. He also provides expert advice to companies in the health and wellness, medical, energy, cyber and other industries.
He has extensive keynote and public speaking experience and has been an on-air military and national security contributor for national
media outlets. 

Based
on his vast business and financial experience with the military as well as his business experience, we have deemed Maj. Gen (Ret) Frost
a fit to serve on the Board. 

Phillip
Balatsos. From 2016, Mr. Balatsos worked in the restaurant and hospitality industries.
In 2018, Mr. Balatsos founded and has served as the owner operator of LAPH Hospitality which operates a caf /catering business
and also serves as a consultant providing financial, purchasing and usage analysis as well as rollout services pertaining to ordering,
invoicing and inventorying systems. From 2016 through 2018, Mr. Balatsos held various positions with Barteca Restaurant Group including
Assistant General Manager and Purchasing Manager. Prior to 2016, Mr. Balatsos held various position on Wall Street for 16 years including
Vice President, Foreign Exchange Sales/Trading for Credit Suisse, Director, Foreign Exchange Hedge Fund Sales for Barclays Capital and
Financial Advisor for Stifel Nicolaus Co. Most recently, Mr. Balatsos has returned to the financial markets in a similar role as
his previous sales/trader experience with the Brazilian firm, XP Investments. Mr. Balatsos graduated from Skidmore College in 1999 with
a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration and from Institute of Culinary Education in 2016. 

Based
on his experience in the restaurant and hospitality industries, the Company has deemed Mr. Balatsos a fit to serve on the Board. 

Benjamin
Petel. Mr. Petel has been engaged as a Business Development Specialist in the global agricultural commodity trading field for the
past decade. His experience spans across the various aspects of international commodity trading, finance and operations. In addition,
Mr. Petel has worked in other fields as a Business Development and strategic networking expert, initiating and executing multi-million-dollar
projects across the globe. From 2019 through 2022, Mr. Petel has been engaged as a Business Development Specialist and consultant to
various agriculture and food companies in capacities ranging from corporate finance and M A to commercial development and operational
control. In addition, from 2015 and until 2019, Mr. Petel served as a strategic networking specialist in various fields and industries.
Mr. Petel received a Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration and General Management from Bar-Ilan University in 2014. 

Based
on his experience within the commodity trading industry, the Company has deemed Mr. Petel as a fit to serve on the Board. 

Na Yeon Hannah Oh. Ms. Oh, is an experienced agri-food business leader and certified sustainability professional, with broad experiences and a proven
track record in driving organizational and digital/data driven transformations; developing commercial strategies and brand campaigns;
and operationalizing integrated business planning and supply chain strategies. Ms. Oh is an active member of Singapore s agtech
start-up scene, as an investor and advisor to entrepreneurs and companies in agri-food business, urban farms, and climate tech. For the
past 15 years Ms. Oh has held various roles with Bayer Crop Science and Monsato Company, which was acquired by Bayer AG, including Head
of Marketing Excellence, Head of Sales and Operations and Business Intelligence, and Head of Customer Analytics and Customer Experience
among other roles. Ms. Oh graduated from Macalester College with a B.A. in Economics and Asian Studies in May 2007. 

Based
on her experience within the agri-food industry, the Company has deemed Ms. Oh as a fit to serve on the Board. 

Ray
Shankar. Mr. Shankar has been a Partner since 2019 at Oon Bazul LLP, a prominent regional law firm where Mr. Shankar manages
the Private Wealth and Family Office Practice where he routinely advises ultra-high net worth families on the structuring of their family
offices, tax and immigration incentive applications as well as legacy planning. Mr. Shankar specializes in advising on the establishment
of family offices, which includes legacy and estate planning, wills, trusts, family charters/constitutions, tax efficient structures
and succession planning. Prior to joining Oon Bazul LLP, Mr. Shankar served as the Managing Director of Ring City Limited, a group
of operating companies in various sectors. Mr. Shankar received his Bachelor of Laws (LLB) from the National University of Singapore
in 2001. 

55 

Based
on his legal, finance and business experience, the Company has deemed Mr. Shankar as a fit to serve on the Board. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our executive officers and directors. 

Corporate
Governance 

Board
of Directors and Board Committees 

Our
stock (symbol: GRIL) is listed on the NASDAQ capital market. Under the rules of Nasdaq, independent directors must make
up a majority of a listed company s board of directors. In addition, applicable NASDAQ rules require that, subject to specified
exceptions, each member of a listed company s audit and compensation committees be independent within the meaning of the applicable
NASDAQ rules. Audit committee members must also satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. 

Our
board of directors currently consists of 10 members. Our board of directors has determined that Stephen Spanos, A.B. Southall III,
Paul L. Menchik, Malcolm Frost, Phillip Balatsos, Jeff Carl, Benjamin Petel, Hannah Oh and Ray Shankar qualify as independent directors
in accordance with the NASDAQ Capital Market, or NASDAQ listing requirements. Kevin Mohan is not considered independent. Nasdaq s
independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least 3
years, one of our employees and that neither the director nor any of his or her family members has engaged in various types of business
dealings with us. In addition, as required by NASDAQ rules, our board of directors has made a subjective determination as to each independent
director that no relationships exist that, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. In making these determinations, our board of directors reviewed and discussed
information provided by the directors and us regarding each director s business and personal activities and relationships as they
may relate to us and our management. There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 

As
required under NASDAQ rules and regulations and in expectation of listing on NASDAQ, our independent directors meet in regularly scheduled
executive sessions at which only independent directors are present. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Board s Role in Risk Oversight 

Kevin
Mohan is the Chairman of the Board. The Chairman has authority, among other things, to preside over the Board meetings and set the agenda
for the Board meetings. Accordingly, the Chairman has substantial ability to shape the work of our Board. We currently believe that separation
of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer ensures appropriate oversight by the Board of our business and affairs. However,
no single leadership model is right for all companies and at all times. The Board recognizes that depending on the circumstances, other
leadership models, such as the appointment of a lead Independent director, might be appropriate. Accordingly, the Board may periodically
review its leadership structure. 

Our
Board is generally responsible for the oversight of corporate risk in its review and deliberations relating to our activities. Our principal
source of risk falls into two categories, financial and product commercialization. The audit committee oversees management of financial
risks; our Board regularly reviews information regarding our cash position, liquidity and operations, as well as the risks associated
with each. The Board regularly reviews plans, results and potential risks related to our system-wide restaurant growth, brand awareness
and menu offerings. Our Compensation Committee is expected to oversee risk management as it relates to our compensation plans, policies
and practices for all employees including executives and directors, particularly whether our compensation programs may create incentives
for our employees to take excessive or inappropriate risks which could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

56 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

The
Board of Directors has already established an audit committee (the Audit Committee ), a Compensation Committee (the Compensation
Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Governance Committee ). The composition and function
of each committee are described below. 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee has three members, including Messrs. Spanos, Balatsos and Menchik. Mr. Spanos serves as the chairman of the Audit Committee
and satisfies the definition of audit committee financial expert . 

Our
audit committee is authorized to: 

approve
 and retain the independent auditors to conduct the annual audit of our financial statements; 

review
 the proposed scope and results of the audit; 

review
 and pre-approve audit and non-audit fees and services; 

review
 accounting and financial controls with the independent auditors and our financial and accounting
 staff; 

review
 and approve transactions between us and our directors, officers and affiliates; 

recognize
 and prevent prohibited non-audit services; and 

establish
 procedures for complaints received by us regarding accounting matters; oversee internal audit
 functions, if any. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Compensation Committee has three members, including Messrs. Carl, Balatsos and Frost. Mr. Carl serves as the chairman of the Compensation
Committee. 

Our
Compensation Committee is authorized to: 

review
 and determine the compensation arrangements for management; 

establish
 and review general compensation policies with the objective to attract and retain superior
 talent, to reward individual performance and to achieve our financial goals; 

administer
 our stock incentive and purchase plans; and 

review
 the independence of any compensation advisers. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The
Governance Committee has three members, including Messrs. Menchik, Southall III and Carl. Mr. Menchik serves as the chairman of the Governance
Committee. 

The
functions of our Governance Committee, among other things, include: 

identifying
 individuals qualified to become board members and recommending director; 

nominees
 and board members for committee membership; 

developing
 and recommending to our board corporate governance guidelines; 

review
 and determine the compensation arrangements for directors; and 

overseeing
 the evaluation of our board of directors and its committees and management. 

57 

Our
goal is to assemble a Board that brings together a variety of skills derived from high quality business and professional experience. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of the members of our Compensation Committee, at any time, has been one of our officers or employees. Except for Mr. Mohan, none of our
executive officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the Board of Directors or Compensation Committee
of any entity that has one or more executive officers on our Board of Directors or Compensation Committee. For a description of transactions
between us and members of our Compensation Committee and affiliates of such members, please see Certain Relationships and Related
Party Transactions . 

Board
Diversity Matrix (as of December 31, 2022): 

The
Board believes that a diverse membership having a variety of skills, styles, experience and competencies is an important feature of a
well-functioning board. Accordingly, the Board believes that diversity of viewpoints, backgrounds and experience (inclusive of gender,
age, race and ethnicity) should be a consideration in Board succession planning and recruiting. In recent years, the Governance Committee
has taken this priority to heart in its nominations process, and the diversity of the Board has grown significantly. The Nasdaq Stock
Market, LLC Listing Rules (the NASDAQ Listing Rules objective for listed companies to have at least two diverse
directors, including one who self-identifies as female and one who self-identifies as either an underrepresented minority or LGBTQ+.
The chart below provides certain information regarding the diversity of the Board as of December 31, 2022. 

Total
 Number of Directors 
 
 Male 
 
 Female 
 
 Gender
 undisclosed 
 
 Part
 I: Gender Identity 

Directors 
 
 7

1

Part
 II: Demographic Background 

White 
 
 6

Two
 or more races or ethnicities 
 
 1

Did
 not disclose demographic background 

1

Directors
 who are Veterans 
 
 1

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all our employees, officers and directors, including those officers
responsible for financial reporting. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s executive officers, directors, and persons who beneficially own more than ten
percent of a registered class of the Company s equity securities, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports
of changes in ownership of the Company s common stock. Such officers, directors, and persons are required by SEC regulation to
furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms that they file with the SEC. 

To
our knowledge, based solely on review of the copies of such reports and amendments to such reports with respect to the year ended December
31, 2022, filed with the SEC, all required Section 16 reports under the Exchange Act for our directors, executive officers, principal
accounting officer and beneficial owners of greater than 10 of our common stock were filed on a timely basis during the year ended December
31, 2022. 

58 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following Summary Compensation Table sets forth all compensation earned in all capacities during the fiscal years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 by (i) our principal executive officer, (ii) our two most highly compensated executive officers, other than our principal
executive officer, who were serving as executive officers as of December 31, 2022 and whose total compensation for the 2022 fiscal year,
as determined by Regulation S-K, Item 402, exceeded 100,000, (iii) a person who would have been included as one of our two most highly
compensated executive officers, other than our principal executive officer, but for the fact that he was not serving as one of our executive
officers as of December 31, 2022 (the individuals falling within categories (i), (ii) and (iii) are collectively referred to as the Named
Executive Officers ): 

Non-Equity 
 Non-Qualified 

Incentive 
 Deferred 

Stock 
 Option 
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 All
 Other 

Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus (a) 
 Award 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Michael
 J. Roper 

Chief
 Executive Officer of 
 2022 
 350,000 
 175,000 
 
 24,000 (b) 

549,000 
 
 Muscle
 Maker, Inc. 
 2021 
 356,077 
 100,000 
 287,000 

743,077 

Kenneth
 Miller 

Chief
 Operating Officer of 
 2022 
 275,000 
 75,000 
 
 12,000 (c) 

362,000 
 
 Muscle
 Maker, Inc. 
 2021 
 283,461 
 55,000 
 92,248 

430,709 

Kevin
 Mohan 

Chief
 Operating Officer of 
 2022 
 196,634 
 150,000 
 
 18,000 (d) 

364,634 
 
 Muscle
 Maker, Inc. 
 2021 
 180,384 
 137,500 
 184,498 

502,382 

(a) Bonuses
 are earned in the year noted and paid out within the first three months of the subsequent
 year. This schedule has been adjusted for 2021 to reflect the bonus earned in 2022 but paid
 out in 2023. 
 
 (b) On
 May 2, 2022, Michael Roper was granted a stock option to acquire 100,000 shares of common
 stock at an exercise price of 0.41 per share. The options vest ratably over 20 quarters. 
 
 (c) On
 May 2, 2022, Kenneth Miller was granted a stock option to acquire 50,000 shares of common
 stock at an exercise price of 0.41 per share. The options vest ratably over 20 quarters. 
 
 (d) On
 May 2, 2022, Kevin Mohan was granted a stock option to acquire 75,000 shares of common stock
 at an exercise price of 0.41 per share. The options vest ratably over 20 quarters. 

On
October 10, 2022, the Company issued options to purchase 25,000 shares of the Company s common stock to a member of the
executive team. The options had an exercise price of 0.41 per share and vest ratably over 20 quarters with the first
vesting occurring on December 31, 2022. 

A
summary of option activity during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is presented below: 

Weighted-average 
 Weighted-average 

Number of 
 exercise 
 remaining life 

options 
 price 
 (in years) 
 
 Outstanding, January 1, 2021 
 300,000 
 3.33 
 1.10 
 
 Issued 

Exercised 

Forfeited 
 (200,000 
 2.50 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 
 100,000 
 5.00 
 1.92 
 
 Issued 
 337,500 
 0.41 
 4.40 
 
 Exercised 

Forfeited 
 (25,000 
 0.41 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 
 412,500 
 1.52 
 3.56 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 
 144,375 
 3.59 
 1.98 

On February 27, 2023, we issued options to
purchase an aggregate of 531,072 shares of our common stock. The options had an exercise price of 1.505 per share and vest ratably
over 20 quarters with the first vesting occurring on March 31, 2023. 

On March 15, 2023, we issued options to purchase 68,928 shares of
our common stock. The options had an exercise price of 1.505 per share and vest ratably over 20 quarters with the first
vesting occurring on March 31, 2023. 

59 

Employment
Agreements 

Michael
Roper 

On
November 16, 2022, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Michael Roper (the Roper Agreement ),
which replaced his prior employment agreement. Pursuant to the Roper Agreement, Mr. Roper will continue to be employed as Chief Executive
Officer of the Company on an at will basis. During the term of the Roper Agreement, Mr. Roper is entitled to a base salary at the annualized
rate of 350,000. Mr. Roper will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus to be determined by the Board annually. Further, Mr.
Roper will be entitled to an additional bonus of 50,000 upon the Company obtaining approval of the Shareholder Matters and 25,000 upon
the Designated Directors representing a majority of the Board of Directors. If Mr. Roper is terminated for any reason, he will be entitled
to receive accrued salary and vacation pay, accrued bonus payments, all expense reimbursements and shall be entitled to exercise any
equity compensation rights through the last day of the term applicable to such stock option. If Mr. Roper is terminated by the Company
for any reason other than cause or resigns for a good reason, Mr. Roper will be entitled to a severance payment equal to 36 months of
salary, which will be reduced to 18 months following the second anniversary of the Roper Agreement, and all equity compensation shall
be fully accelerated. In the event the Shareholder Matters are not approved by the shareholders, the Roper Agreement will automatically
terminate and the prior employment agreement will again be in full effect. 

Jennifer
Black 

On
March 21, 2023, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Jennifer Black (the Black Agreement ), which
replaced her prior employment agreement. Pursuant to the Black Agreement, Ms. Black will continue to be employed as Chief Financial Officer
of the Company on an at will basis. During the term of the Black Agreement, Ms. Black is entitled to a base salary at the annualized
rate of 250,000. Ms. Black will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus up to 50 of her annual salary. Further, Ms. Black
will be entitled to an additional bonus of 50,000 upon the Company obtaining approval of the Shareholder Matters and 25,000 upon the
Designated Directors representing a majority of the Board of Directors. If Ms. Black is terminated for any reason, she will be entitled
to receive accrued salary and vacation pay, accrued bonus payments, all expense reimbursements and shall be entitled to exercise any
equity compensation rights through the last day of the term applicable to such stock option. If Ms. Black is terminated by the Company
for any reason other than cause or resigns for a good reason, Ms. Black will be entitled to a severance payment equal to 36 months of
salary, which will be reduced to six months following the second anniversary of the Black Agreement, and all equity compensation shall
be fully accelerated. In the event the Shareholder Matters are not approved by the shareholders, the Black Agreement will automatically
terminate, and the prior employment agreement will again be in full effect. 

Kenneth
Miller 

On
November 16, 2022, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Kenn Miller (the Miller Agreement ),
which replaced his prior employment agreement. Pursuant to the Miller Agreement, Mr. Miller will continue to be employed as Chief Operating
Officer of the Company on an at will basis. During the term of the Miller Agreement, Mr. Miller is entitled to a base salary at the annualized
rate of 275,000. Mr. Miller will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus up to 75 of his annual salary. Further, Mr. Miller
will be entitled to an additional bonus of 25,000 upon the Designated Directors representing a majority of the Board of Directors. If
Mr. Miller is terminated for any reason, he will be entitled to receive accrued salary and vacation pay, accrued bonus payments, all
expense reimbursements and shall be entitled to exercise any equity compensation rights through the last day of the term applicable to
such stock option. If Mr. Miller is terminated by the Company for any reason other than cause or resigns for a good reason, Mr. Miller
will be entitled to a severance payment equal to 36 months of salary, which will be reduced to 12 months following the second anniversary
of the Miller Agreement, and all equity compensation shall be fully accelerated. In the event the Shareholder Matters are not approved
by the shareholders, the Miller Agreement will automatically terminate and the prior employment agreement will again be in full effect.

Kevin
Mohan 

On
November 16, 2022, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Kevin Mohan (the Mohan Agreement ), which
replaced his prior employment agreement. Pursuant to the Mohan Agreement, Mr. Mohan will continue to be employed as Chief Investment
Officer of the Company on an at will basis. During the term of the Employment Agreement, Mr. Mohan is entitled to a base salary at the
annualized rate of 200,000. Mr. Mohan will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus up to 75 of his annual salary. Further,
Mr. Mohan will be entitled to an additional bonus of 50,000 upon the Company obtaining approval of the Shareholder Matters and 25,000
upon the Designated Directors representing a majority of the Board of Directors. If Mr. Mohan is terminated for any reason, he will be
entitled to receive accrued salary and vacation pay, accrued bonus payments, all expense reimbursements and shall be entitled to exercise
any equity compensation rights through the last day of the term applicable to such stock option. If Mr. Mohan is terminated by the Company
for any reason other than cause or resigns for a good reason, Mr. Mohan will be entitled to a severance payment equal to 36 months of
salary, which will be reduced to six months following the second anniversary of the Mohan Agreement, and all equity compensation shall
be fully accelerated. In the event the Shareholder Matters are not approved by the shareholders, the Mohan Agreement will automatically
terminate, and the prior employment agreement will again be in full effect. 

60 

Aimee
Infante 

On
November 16, 2022, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Aimee Infante (the Infante Agreement ),
which replaced her prior employment agreement. Pursuant to the Infante Agreement, Ms. Infante will continue to be employed as Chief Marketing
Officer of the Company on an at will basis. During the term of the Infante Agreement, Ms. Infante is entitled to a base salary at the
annualized rate of 175,000. Ms. Infante will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus up to 25 of her annual salary. Further,
Ms. Infante will be entitled to an additional bonus of 25,000 upon the Designated Directors representing a majority of the Board of
Directors. If Ms. Infante is terminated for any reason, she will be entitled to receive accrued salary and vacation pay, accrued bonus
payments, all expense reimbursements and shall be entitled to exercise any equity compensation rights through the last day of the term
applicable to such stock option. If Ms. Infante is terminated by the Company for any reason other than cause or resigns for a good reason,
Ms. Infante will be entitled to a severance payment equal to 36 months of salary, which will be reduced to six months following the second
anniversary of the Infante Agreement, and all equity compensation shall be fully accelerated. In the event the Shareholder Matters are
not approved by the shareholders, the Infante Agreement will automatically terminate, and the prior employment agreement will again be
in full effect. 

Ferdinand
Groenewald 

On
February 9, 2022, the Company and Ferdinand Groenewald, Chief Accounting Officer, entered a letter agreement providing that Mr. Groenewald
will continue to be engaged by the Company on an at-will basis with a base salary at the annualized rate of 175,000 effective February
14, 2022. Mr. Groenewald will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus to be paid in cash or equity of up to 25 of his salary.
Within 90 days of the effective date, the Company will issue Mr. Groenewald stock options to receive 25,000 shares of common stock which
will vest over a term of five years. If Mr. Groenewald is terminated by the Company for any reason other than cause, including termination
without cause in connection with a change in control, he will be entitled to a severance package of six months of salary and health and
dental benefits paid in accordance with the Company s payroll schedule and insurance program, but subject to the execution of a
valid release in favor of the Company and its related parties. 

Departure
of Officer 

On
June 21, 2022, the Company advised Ferdinand Groenewald that the position of Chief Accounting Officer has been eliminated. Mr. Groenewald
continued his employment with the Company through July 29, 2022, at which time he became entitled to the severance for termination without
cause as outlined in the letter agreement between the Company and Mr. Groenewald dated February 9, 2022. 

Elements
of Compensation 

Base
Salary 

Messrs.
Roper, Black, Miller, Mohan, Infante and Groenewald received a fixed base salary in an amount determined in accordance with their then
employment agreement with Muscle Maker Inc., and based on a number of factors, including: 

The
 nature, responsibilities and duties of the officer s position; 
 
 The
 officer s expertise, demonstrated leadership ability and prior performance; 
 
 The
 officer s salary history and total compensation, including annual cash bonuses and
 long-term incentive compensation; and 
 
 The
 competitiveness of the market for the officer s services. 

Bonus 

Messrs.
Roper, Mohan, Miller, Black and Infante earned discretionary performance-based bonuses during the year ended December 31, 2022, pursuant
to their employment agreements. Messrs. Roper, Mohan, Miller and Ms. Infante earned discretionary performance-based bonuses during the
year ended December 31, 2021, pursuant to their employment agreements. 

61 

Stock
Award 

In
fiscal year 2022, we issued 20,000 shares of our restricted common stock, with a fair value of 10,800,
to a member of our executive team. 

Stock
Options 

On
May 2, 2022, we issued options to purchase an aggregate of 312,500 shares of our common stock. The options had an exercise price of 0.41
per share and vest ratably over 20 quarters with the first vesting occurring on June 30, 2022. 

On
October 10, 2022, we issued options to purchase 25,000 shares of our common stock. The options had an exercise price
of 0.41 per share and vest ratably over 20 quarters with the first vesting occurring on December 31, 2022. 

On February 27, 2023, we issued options to
purchase an aggregate of 531,072 shares of our common stock. The options had an exercise price of 1.505 per share and vest ratably
over 20 quarters with the first vesting occurring on March 31, 2023. 

On March 15, 2023, we issued options to purchase 68,928 shares of
our common stock. The options had an exercise price of 1.505 per share and vest ratably over 20 quarters with the first
vesting occurring on March 31, 2023. 

There
were 25,000 options to purchase shares forfeited upon the departure of an officer. 

Equity
Incentive Plans 

2020
Plan 

The
Company s board of directors and shareholders approved and adopted on October 27, 2020 the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 2020
Plan ), effective on October 27, 2020 under which stock options and restricted stock may be granted to officers, directors, employees
and consultants in the form of non-qualified stock options, incentive stock-options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards,
restricted stock units, stock bonus awards, performance compensation awards (including cash bonus awards) or any combination of the foregoing.
Under the 2020 Plan, the Company reserved 1,750,000 shares of common stock for issuance. As of the date of the issuance of these Consolidated
Financial Statements 889,756 shares have been issued under the 2020 Plan. 

2021
Plan 

The
Company s board of directors and shareholders approved and adopted on October 7, 2021 the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 2021
Plan under which stock options and restricted stock may be granted to officers, directors, employees and consultants in the form
of non-qualified stock options, incentive stock-options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units,
stock bonus awards, performance compensation awards (including cash bonus awards) or any combination of the foregoing. Under the 2021
Plan, the Company reserved 1,500,000 shares of common stock for issuance. As of the date of the issuance of these Consolidated Financial
Statements 656,428 shares have been issued and 843,572 option to purchase shares have been awarded under the 2021 Plan. 

2023
Plan 

The Company s board of directors and shareholders approved and adopted
on February 28, 2023 the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan 2023 Plan under which stock options and restricted stock may be granted
to officers, directors, employees and consultants in the form of non-qualified stock options, incentive stock-options, stock appreciation
rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, stock bonus awards, performance compensation awards (including cash bonus awards)
or any combination of the foregoing. Under the 2023 Plan, the Company reserved 2,500,000 shares of common stock for issuance. As of the
date of the issuance of these Consolidated Financial Statements no shares have been issued and 68,928 option to purchase shares have been
awarded under the 2023 Plan. 

Administration 

The
Company s Board of Directors or a committee appointed by the Board (the Committee will administer the Plan. The
Committee will have the authority, without limitation (i) to designate Participants to receive Awards, (ii) determine the types of Awards
to be granted to Participants, (iii) determine the number of shares of common stock to be covered by Awards, (iv) determine the terms
and conditions of any Awards granted under the Plan, (v) determine to what extent and under what circumstances Awards may be settled
in cash, shares of common stock, other securities, other Awards or other property, or canceled, forfeited or suspended, (vi) determine
whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances the delivery of cash, Common Stock, other securities, other Awards or other property
and other amounts payable with respect to an Award shall be made; (vii) interpret, administer, reconcile any inconsistency in, settle
any controversy regarding, correct any defect in and/or complete any omission in this Plan and any instrument or agreement relating to,
or Award granted under, this Plan; (viii) establish, amend, suspend, or waive any rules and regulations and appoint such agents as the
Committee shall deem appropriate for the proper administration of this Plan; (ix) accelerate the vesting or exercisability of, payment
for or lapse of restrictions on, Awards; (x) reprice existing Awards with shareholder approval or to grant Awards in connection with
or in consideration of the cancellation of an outstanding Award with a higher price; and (xi) make any other determination and take any
other action that the Committee deems necessary or desirable for the administration of this Plan. The Committee will have full discretion
to administer and interpret the Plan and to adopt such rules, regulations and procedures as it deems necessary or advisable and to determine,
among other things, the time or times at which the awards may be exercised and whether and under what circumstances an award may be exercised. 

62 

Eligibility 

Employees,
directors, officers, advisors and consultants of the Company or its affiliates are eligible to participate in the Plan and are referred
to as Participants . The Committee has the sole and complete authority to determine who will be granted an Award under the
Plan, however, it may delegate such authority to one or more officers of the Company under the circumstances set forth in the Plan. 

Number
of Shares Authorized 

Up
to approximately 1,500,000 shares of common stock may be issued pursuant to awards granted under the 2021 Plan and 2,500,000 under the 2023 Plan. 

If
an Award is forfeited, canceled, or if any Option terminates, expires or lapses without being exercised, the Common Stock subject to
such Award will again be made available for future grant. However, shares that are used to pay the exercise price of an Option or that
are withheld to satisfy the Participant s tax withholding obligation will not be available for re-grant under the Plan. 

If
there is any change in the Company s corporate pro or structure, the Committee in its sole discretion may make substitutions or
adjustments to the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the Plan, the number of shares covered by Awards then
outstanding under the Plan, the limitations on Awards under the Plan, the exercise price of outstanding Options and such other equitable
substitution or adjustments as it may determine appropriate. 

The
Plan has a term of ten years and no further Awards may be granted under the Plan after that date. 

Awards
Available for Grant 

The
Committee may grant Awards of Non-Qualified Stock Options, Incentive Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock Awards,
Restricted Stock Units, Stock Bonus Awards, Performance Compensation Awards (including cash bonus awards) or any combination of the foregoing.
Notwithstanding, the Committee may not grant to any one person in any one calendar year Awards (i) for more than 50 of the Available
Shares in the aggregate or (ii) payable in cash in an amount exceeding 10,000,000 in the aggregate. 

Options 

The
Committee will be authorized to grant Options to purchase Common Stock that are either qualified, meaning they are intended
to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 422 for Incentive Stock Options, or non-qualified, meaning they are not intended
to satisfy the requirements of Section 422 of the Code. Options granted under the Plan will be subject to the terms and conditions established
by the Committee. Under the terms of the Plan, unless the Committee determines otherwise in the case of an Option substituted for another
Option in connection with a corporate transaction, the exercise price of the Options will not be less than the fair market value (as
determined under the Plan) of the shares of common stock on the date of grant. Options granted under the Plan will be subject to such
terms, including the exercise price and the conditions and timing of exercise, as may be determined by the Committee and specified in
the applicable award agreement. The maximum term of an Option granted under the Plan will be ten years from the date of grant (or five
years in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a 10 stockholder). Payment in respect of the exercise of an Option may be
made in cash or by check, by surrender of unrestricted shares of Common Stock (at their fair market value on the date of exercise) that
have been held by the participant for any period deemed necessary by the Company s accountants to avoid an additional compensation
charge or have been purchased on the open market, or the Committee may, in its discretion and to the extent permitted by law, allow such
payment to be made through a broker-assisted cashless exercise mechanism, a net exercise method, or by such other method as the Committee
may determine to be appropriate. 

63 

Stock
Appreciation Rights 

The
Committee will be authorized to award Stock Appreciation Rights (or SARs under the Plan. SARs will be subject to such
terms and conditions as established by the Committee. A SAR is a contractual right that allows a participant to receive, either in the
form of cash, shares or any combination of cash and shares, the appreciation, if any, in the value of a share over a certain period of
time. A SAR granted under the Plan may be granted in tandem with an option and SARs may also be awarded to a participant independent
of the grant of an Option. SARs granted in connection with an Option shall be subject to terms similar to the Option which corresponds
to such SARs. SARs shall be subject to terms established by the Committee and reflected in the award agreement. 

Restricted
Stock 

The
Committee will be authorized to award Restricted Stock under the Plan. Unless otherwise provided by the Committee and specified in an
award agreement, restrictions on Restricted Stock will lapse after three years of service with the Company. The Committee will determine
the terms of such Restricted Stock awards. Restricted Stock are shares of common stock that generally are non-transferable and subject
to other restrictions determined by the Committee for a specified period. Unless the Committee determines otherwise or specifies otherwise
in an award agreement, if the participant terminates employment or services during the restricted period, then any unvested restricted
stock will be forfeited. 

Restricted
Stock Unit Awards 

The
Committee will be authorized to award Restricted Stock Unit awards. Unless otherwise provided by the Committee and specified in an award
agreement, Restricted Stock Units will vest after three years of service with the Company. The Committee will determine the terms of
such Restricted Stock Units. Unless the Committee determines otherwise or specifies otherwise in an award agreement, if the participant
terminates employment or services during the period of time over which all or a portion of the units are to be earned, then any unvested
units will be forfeited. At the election of the Committee, the participant will receive a number of shares of common stock equal to the
number of units earned or an amount in cash equal to the fair market value of that number of shares at the expiration of the period over
which the units are to be earned or at a later date selected by the Committee. 

Stock
Bonus Awards 

The
Committee will be authorized to grant Awards of unrestricted shares of common stock or other Awards denominated in shares of common stock,
either alone or in tandem with other Awards, under such terms and conditions as the Committee may determine. 

Performance
Compensation Awards 

The
Committee will be authorized to grant any Award under the Plan in the form of a Performance Compensation Award exempt from the requirements
of Section 162(m) of the Code by conditioning the vesting of the Award on the attainment of specific performance criteria of the Company
and/or one or more Affiliates, divisions or operational units, or any combination thereof, as determined by the Committee. The Committee
will select the performance criteria based on one or more of the following factors: (i) revenue; (ii) sales; (iii) profit (net profit,
gross profit, operating profit, economic profit, profit margins or other corporate profit measures); (iv) earnings (EBIT, EBITDA, earnings
per share, or other corporate profit measures); (v) net income (before or after taxes, operating income or other income measures); (vi)
cash (cash flow, cash generation or other cash measures); (vii) stock price or performance; (viii) total stockholder return (stock price
appreciation plus reinvested dividends divided by beginning share price); (ix) economic value added; (x) return measures (including,
but not limited to, return on assets, capital, equity, investments or sales, and cash flow return on assets, capital, equity, or sales);
(xi) market share; (xii) improvements in capital structure; (xiii) expenses (expense management, expense ratio, expense efficiency ratios
or other expense measures); (xiv) business expansion or consolidation (acquisitions and divestitures); (xv) internal rate of return or
increase in net present value; (xvi) working capital targets relating to inventory and/or accounts receivable; (xvii) inventory management;
(xviii) service or product delivery or quality; (xix) customer satisfaction; (xx) employee retention; (xxi) safety standards; (xxii)
productivity measures; (xxiii) cost reduction measures; and/or (xxiv) strategic plan development and implementation. 

Transferability 

Each
Award may be exercised during the Participant s lifetime only by the Participant or, if permissible under applicable law, by the
Participant s guardian or legal representative and may not be otherwise transferred or encumbered by a Participant other than by
will or by the laws of descent and distribution. The Committee, however, may permit Awards (other than Incentive Stock Options) to be
transferred to family members, a trust for the benefit of such family members, a partnership or limited liability company whose partners
or stockholders are the Participant and his or her family members or anyone else approved by it. 

64 

Amendment 

The
Plan will have a term of ten years. The Company s board of directors may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan at any time; however,
shareholder approval to amend the Plan may be necessary if the law or SEC so requires. No amendment, suspension or termination will materially
and adversely affect the rights of any Participant or recipient of any Award without the consent of the Participant or recipient. 

Change
in Control 

Except
to the extent otherwise provided in an Award or required by applicable law, in the event of a Change in Control, upon the occurrence
of a Change in Control, the Committee is authorized, but not obligated, to make any of the following adjustments (or any combination
thereof) in the terms and conditions of outstanding Awards: (a) continuation or assumption of outstanding Awards by the surviving company;
(b) substitution by the surviving company of equity, equity-based and/or cash awards with substantially the same terms for outstanding
Awards; (c) accelerated exercisability, vesting and/or lapse of restrictions under outstanding Awards immediately prior to the occurrence
of the Change in Control; (d) upon written notice, provide that any outstanding Awards must be exercised, to the extent then exercisable,
during a reasonable period determined by the Committee and at the end of such period, any unexercised Awards will terminate; and I cancellation
of all or any portion of outstanding Awards for fair value (in the form of cash, shares or other property) and which value may be zero. 

U.S.
Federal Income Tax Consequences 

The
following is a general summary of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the grant and exercise and vesting of Awards under
the Plan and the disposition of shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of such Awards. This summary is intended to reflect the current
provisions of the Code and the regulations thereunder. However, this summary is not intended to be a complete statement of applicable
law, nor does it address foreign, state, local and payroll tax considerations. Moreover, the U.S. federal income tax consequences to
any particular participant may differ from those described herein by reason of, among other things, the particular circumstances of such
participant. 

Options 

There
are a number of requirements that must be met for a particular Option to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option. One such requirement
is that Common Stock acquired through the exercise of an Incentive Stock Option cannot be disposed of before the later of (i) two years
from the date of grant of the Option, or (ii) one year from the date of its exercise. Holders of Incentive Stock Options will generally
incur no federal income tax liability at the time of grant or upon exercise of those Options. However, the spread at exercise will be
an item of tax preference, which may give rise to alternative minimum tax liability for the taxable year
in which the exercise occurs. If the holder does not dispose of the shares before the later of two years following the date of grant
and one year following the date of exercise, the difference between the exercise price and the amount realized upon disposition of the
shares will constitute long-term capital gain or loss, as the case may be. Assuming both holding periods are satisfied, no deduction
will be allowed to the Company for federal income tax purposes in connection with the grant or exercise of the Incentive Stock Option.
If, within two years following the date of grant or within one year following the date of exercise, the holder of shares acquired through
the exercise of an Incentive Stock Option disposes of those shares, the Participant will generally realize taxable compensation at the
time of such disposition equal to the difference between the exercise price and the lesser of the Fair Market Value of the share on the
date of exercise or the amount realized on the subsequent disposition of the shares, and that amount will generally be deductible by
the Company for federal income tax purposes, subject to the possible limitations on deductibility under Sections 280G and 162(m) of the
Code for compensation paid to executives designated in those Sections. Finally, if an otherwise Incentive Stock Option becomes first
exercisable in any one year for shares having an aggregate value in excess of 100,000 (based on the date of grant value), the portion
of the Incentive Stock Option in respect of those excess shares will be treated as a non-qualified stock option for federal income tax
purposes. 

Income
will be realized by a Participant upon grant of a Non-Qualified Stock Option. Upon the exercise of a Non-Qualified Stock Option, the
Participant will recognize ordinary compensation income in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value of the underlying
exercised shares over the Option exercise price paid at the time of exercise. Such income will be subject to income tax withholdings,
and the Participant will be required to pay to the Company the amount of any required withholding taxes in respect to such income. 

65 

The
Company will be able to deduct this same amount for U.S. federal income tax purposes, but such deduction may be limited under Sections
280G and 162(m) of the Code for compensation paid to certain executives designated in those Sections. 

Restricted
Stock 

A
Participant will not be subject to tax upon the grant of an Award of Restricted Stock unless the Participant otherwise elects to be taxed
at the time of grant pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code. On the date an Award of Restricted Stock becomes transferable or is no longer
subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, the Participant will recognize ordinary compensation income equal to the difference between
the Fair Market Value of the shares on that date over the amount the Participant paid for such shares, if any. Such income will be subject
to income tax withholdings, and the Participant will be required to pay to the Company the amount of any required withholding taxes in
respect to such income. If the Participant made an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, the Participant will recognize ordinary
compensation income at the time of grant equal to the difference between the Fair Market Value of the shares on the date of grant over
the amount the Participant paid for such shares, if any, and any subsequent appreciation in the value of the shares will be treated as
a capital gain upon sale of the shares. Special rules apply to the receipt and disposition of Restricted Shares received by officers
and directors who are subject to Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). The Company will
be able to deduct, at the same time as it is recognized by the Participant, the amount of taxable compensation to the participant for
U.S. federal income tax purposes, but such deduction may be limited under Sections 280G and 162(m) of the Code for compensation paid
to certain executives designated in those Sections. 

Restricted
Stock Units 

A
Participant will not be subject to tax upon the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award. Rather, upon the delivery of shares or cash pursuant
to a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Participant will recognize ordinary compensation income equal to the Fair Market Value of the number
of shares (or the amount of cash) the Participant actually receives with respect to the Award. Such income will be subject to income
tax withholdings, and the Participant will be required to pay to the Company the amount of any required withholding taxes in respect
to such income. The Company will be able to deduct the amount of taxable compensation recognized by the Participant for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, but the deduction may be limited under Sections 280G and 162(m) of the Code for compensation paid to certain executives
designated in those Sections. 

SARs 

No
income will be realized by a Participant upon grant of an SAR. Upon the exercise of an SAR, the Participant will recognize ordinary compensation
income in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the payment received in respect of the SAR. Such income will be subject to income
tax withholdings, and the Participant will be required to pay to the Company the amount of any required withholding taxes in respect
to such income. The Company will be able to deduct this same amount for U.S. federal income tax purposes, but such deduction may be limited
under Sections 280G and 162(m) of the Code for compensation paid to certain executives designated in those Sections. 

Stock
Bonus Awards 

A
Participant will recognize ordinary compensation income equal to the difference between the Fair Market Value of the shares on the date
the shares of common stock subject to the Award are transferred to the Participant over the amount the Participant paid for such shares,
if any, and any subsequent appreciation in the value of the shares will be treated as a capital gain upon sale of the shares. The Company
will be able to deduct, at the same time as it is recognized by the Participant, the amount of taxable compensation to the Participant
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, but such deduction may be limited under Sections 280G and 162(m) of the Code for compensation paid
to certain executives designated in those Sections. 

66 

Section
162(m) 

In
general, Section 162(m) of the Code denies a publicly held corporation a deduction for U.S. federal income tax purposes for
compensation in excess of 1,000,000 per year paid to any covered employee. Covered employees include any individual
who served as chief executive officer or chief financial officer during the taxable year, in addition to the three most highly
compensated individuals aside from the chief executive officer and chief financial officer. Additionally, covered employees include
any previously covered employee for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2016. The Plan is intended to satisfy an exception
with respect to grants of Options to covered employees. In addition, the Plan was designed to permit certain Awards of Restricted
Stock, Restricted Stock Units, cash bonus awards and other Awards to be awarded as performance compensation awards intended to
qualify under the performance-based compensation exception to Section 162(m) of the Code. 

On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA was signed into law. The TCJA repealed the performance-based compensation exception to the Section 162(m) 1 million limitation on compensation
to covered employees of publicly held corporations. This change was effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017. As a result
of this change, any expense recognized upon exercise of stock options will be subject to the 1 million limitation under Section 162(m),
even if based on performance. 

New
Plan Benefits 

Future
grants under the Plan will be made at the discretion of the Committee and, accordingly, are not yet determinable. In addition, the value
of the Awards granted under the Plan will depend on a number of factors, including the Fair Market Value of the shares of common stock
on future dates, the exercise decisions made by the Participants and/or the extent to which any applicable performance goals necessary
for vesting or payment are achieved. Consequently, it is not possible to determine the benefits that might be received by Participants
receiving discretionary grants under, or having their annual bonus paid pursuant to, the Plan. 

Interests
of Directors or Officers 

The
Company s directors may grant Awards under the Plan to themselves as well as to the Company s officers and other employees,
consultants and advisors. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table provides information, as of December 31, 2022, with respect to equity securities authorized for issuance under compensation
plans: 

No. of securities 
 
 No. of 

to be issued 
 Weighted-average 
 securities 

upon exercise 
 exercise price of 
 remaining 

of outstanding 
 options 
 outstanding 
 options 
 available 
for future 
 
 Plan Category 
 under the plan 
 under the plan 
 issuance 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 312,500 
 0.41 
 562,380 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 312,500 
 0.41 
 562,380 

Director
Compensation 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, through the third quarter of 2022 the board members were eligible for cash compensation of 12,000
per year to be paid quarterly within 30 days of the close of each quarter. On November 11, 2022, the board of directors approved a new
board compensation plan that would increase the cash compensation to 22,000 to be paid quarterly within 30 days of the close of each
quarter, which was retroactively applied for the full fourth quarter of 2022. 

In
addition, on an ongoing basis pursuant to the approved board compensation plan each director will receive 8,000 in value of common stock
per year for service as director, 6,000 in value of shares of common stock per year for service on each committee and 4,000 in value
of shares of common stock per year for service as chair for such committee. The number of shares to be issued would be based upon the
closing price of the last trading date of each calendar quarter. The shares of common stock for committee service will be limited to
two committees. 

Kevin
Mohan is an employee-director and does not receive compensation for serving in his role as a director or Chairman of the Board. 

67 

The
following table provides information relating to compensation of our directors for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 Fees
 earned 
 or paid in cash 
 Stock
 awards 
 Option
 awards 
 Non-equity
 incentive plan compensation 
 Non-qualified
 deferred compensation earnings 
 All
 other compensation 
 Total 
 
 Stephen A. Spanos 
 14,500 
 37,117 

51,617 
 
 A.B. Southall III 
 14,500 
 28,870 

43,370 
 
 Paul L. Menchik 
 14,500 
 49,490 

63,990 
 
 Jeff Carl 
 14,500 
 49,490 

63,990 
 
 Major General (Ret) Malcolm B. Frost 
 14,500 
 28,870 

43,370 
 
 Phillip Balatsos 
 14,500 
 41,243 

55,743 

Executive
Compensation Philosophy 

Our
Board of Directors determines the compensation given to our executive officers in their sole determination. Our Board of Directors reserves
the right to pay our executives or any future executives a salary, and/or issue them shares of common stock issued in consideration for
services rendered and/or to award incentive bonuses which are linked to our performance, as well as to the individual executive officer s
performance. This package may also include long-term stock-based compensation to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance
of our executives with our long-term business strategies. Additionally, while our Board of Directors has not granted any performance
base stock options to date, the Board of Directors reserves the right to grant such options in the future, if the Board in its sole determination
believes such grants would be in the best interests of the Company. 

Incentive
Bonus 

The
Board of Directors may grant incentive bonuses to our executive officers and/or future executive officers in its sole discretion, if
the Board of Directors believes such bonuses are in the Company s best interest, after analyzing our current business objectives
and growth, if any, and the amount of revenue we are able to generate each month, which revenue is a direct result of the actions and
ability of such executives. 

Long-Term,
Stock-Based Compensation 

In
order to attract, retain and motivate executive talent necessary to support the Company s long-term business strategy we may award
our executives and any future executives with long-term, stock-based compensation in the future, at the sole discretion of our Board
of Directors. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth information about the beneficial ownership of our common stock at March 21, 2023, for: 

each
 person, or group of affiliated persons, whom we know to beneficially own more than 5 of
 our common stock; 

each
 of our named executive officers; 

each
 of our directors; and 

all
 of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

We
have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. These rules generally attribute
beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power or investment power with respect to those securities.
In addition, the rules include shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the exercise of stock options or warrants or upon conversion
of a security that are either exercisable or convertible on or before a date that is 60 days after March 21, 2023. These shares are deemed
to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding those options or warrants for the purpose of computing the percentage
ownership of that person, but they are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other
person. Unless otherwise indicated, the persons or entities identified in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect
to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to applicable community property laws. 

68 

Except
as otherwise noted below, the address for persons listed in the table is c/o Muscle Maker, Inc., 1751 River Run, Suite 200, Fort Worth,
Texas 76107. 

The
percentage ownership information shown in the column labeled Percentage of shares outstanding is based upon 29,318,520
shares of common stock outstanding as of March 21, 2023. 

Number of shares 
 Percentage of shares 

beneficially 
 outstanding prior to 
 
 Name of beneficial owner 
 owned (1) 
 offering (1) 
 
 5 Stockholders: 

Armistice Capital LLC (2) 
 3,201,897 
 9.85 
 
 Catalytic Holdings 1 LLC (3) 
 1,129,052 
 6.56 
 
 Thoroughbred Diagnostics, LLC (4) 
 979,000 
 5.28 
 
 Joey Giamichael (5) 
 1,622,908 
 5.54 
 
 Directors and Named Executive Officers: 

Kevin Mohan (6) 
 189,537 

Michael J. Roper (7) 
 183,000 

Jennifer Black (8) 
 59,500 

Kenneth Miller (9) 
 49,192 

Aimee Infante (10) 
 16,352 

Stephen Spanos (11) 
 75,959 

A.B. Southall, III (12) 
 155,035 

Paul L. Menchik (13) 
 123,723 

Jeff Carl (14) 
 77,339 

Malcolm Frost (15) 
 71,083 

Phillip Balatsos (16) 
 60,132 

All executive officers and directors as a group (11 persons) 
 1,066,849 
 3.63 

Denotes less than 1 

(1) Beneficial
 ownership as reported in the above table has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3
 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not necessarily
 indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. The number of shares of common
 stock shown as beneficially owned includes shares of common stock issuable upon (i) the exercise
 of stock options that will become exercisable within 60 days of March 21, 2023, (ii)
 the conversion of the convertible promissory notes into shares of our common stock, and (iii)
 the exercise of warrants that will become exercisable within 60 days of March 21,
 2023. Shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the foregoing methods are deemed outstanding
 for purposes of calculating the percentage of beneficial ownership of the person or entity
 holding such securities. Accordingly, the total percentages of beneficial ownership are in
 excess of one hundred percent (100 ). 

(2) Armistice
 Capital LLC beneficially owns 3,201,897 shares of common stock of the Company which are subject
 to presently exercisable purchase warrants. Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd., a Cayman
 Islands exempted company (the Master Fund holds 3,201,897 shares of common
 stock issuable upon exercise of Warrants at an exercise price of 1.385. Armistice Capital,
 LLC Armistice Capital is the investment manager of Armistice Capital Master
 Fund Ltd. (the Master Fund ), the direct holder of the Shares, and pursuant
 to an Investment Management Agreement, Armistice Capital exercises voting and investment
 power over the securities of the Issuer held by the Master Fund and thus may be deemed to
 beneficially own the securities of the Issuer held by the Master Fund. Mr. Boyd, as the managing
 member of Armistice Capital, may be deemed to beneficially own the securities of the Issuer
 held by the Master Fund. The Master Fund specifically disclaims beneficial ownership of the
 securities of the Issuer directly held by it by virtue of its inability to vote or dispose
 of such securities as a result of its Investment Management Agreement with Armistice Capital.
 The address of the Master Fund is c/o Armistice Capital, LLC, 510 Madison Ave, 7 th 
 Floor, New York, NY 10022. 

69 

(3) 
 Catalytic
 Holdings, LLC beneficially owns (i) 1,129,052 shares of common stock of the Company (ii) 850,750 shares of common stock of the Company
 which issuable upon exercise of warrant at an exercise price of 2.40. The natural person with voting and investment control for
 Catalytic Holdings, LLC is Dmitriy Shapiro. 

(4) 
 Thoroughbred
 Diagnostics, LLC beneficially owns (i) 979,000 shares of common stock of Muscle Maker (ii) 600,000 shares of common stock of Muscle
 Maker issuable upon exercise of warrant at an exercise price of 2.88. The natural person with voting and investment control for
 Thoroughbred Diagnostics, LLC is Joey Giamichael. 

(5) 
 Joey
 Giamichael beneficially owns 1,622,908 shares of common stock of the Company. 

(6) 
 Kevin
 Mohan beneficially owns (i) indirectly 5,574 shares of common stock of the Company through various family members that reside in
 the same household as Kevin Mohan and (ii) directly 130,963 shares of common stock of Muscle Maker Inc, for serving in various roles
 in the Company, (iii) 33,000 shares of common stock of the Company purchased on the open market and (iv) directly 20,000 shares of
 vested but unexercised stock options. 

(7) 
 Michael
 J. Roper beneficially owns directly 183,000 shares of common stock of the Company (i) 100,000 shares of common stock of Muscle Maker
 Inc. for serving as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and (ii) 58,000 shares of common stock of the Company purchased on
 the open market and (iii) 25,000 shares of vested but unexercised stock options. 

(8) 
 Jennifer
 Black beneficially owns directly 59,500 shares of common stock of the Company (i) 20,000 shares of common stock of Muscle Maker Inc.
 for serving as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, (ii) 28,000 shares of common stock of the Company purchased on the
 open market and (iii) 11,500 shares of vested but unexercised stock options. 

(9) 
 Kenneth
 Miller beneficially owns directly 49,192 shares of common stock of the Company (i) 32,142 shares of common stock of the Company for
 serving as Chief Operating Officer of the Company, (ii) 3,300 shares of common stock of the Company purchased on the open market
 and (iii) 13,750 shares of vested but unexercised stock options. 

(10) 
 Aimee
 Infante beneficially owns directly 16,352 shares of common stock of the Company (i) 2,602 shares of common stock for serving as the
 Chief Marketing Officer of the Company, (ii) 1,500 shares of common stock of the Company purchased on the open market and (iii) 12,250
 shares of vested but unexercised stock options. 

(11) 
 Stephen
 Spanos beneficially owns directly 75,956 shares of common stock of the Company (i) 56,225 shares of common stock of the Company for
 services rendered as a board of director member, (ii) 18,481 of the common stock of through purchase on the open market and (iii)
 1,250 shares of vested but unexercised stock options. 

(12) 
 A.B.
 Southall III beneficially owns directly 155,035 shares of common stock of the Company (i) 143,785 shares of common stock of Muscle
 Maker, (ii) 10,000 shares of common stock of the Company subject to presently exercisable purchase warrants issued to A.B. Southall
 III and (iii) 1,250 shares of vested but unexercised stock options. 

(13) 
 Paul
 L. Menchik beneficially owns directly 129,723 shares of common stock of the Company (i) 118,473 shares of common stock of Muscle
 Maker, (ii) 10,000 shares of common stock of the Company subject to presently exercisable purchase warrants issued to Paul L. Menchik
 and (iii) 1,250 shares of vested but unexercised stock options. 

(14) 
 Jeff
 Carl beneficially owns directly 77,339 shares of common stock of the Company (i) 76,089 shares of common stock of the Company for
 services rendered as a board of director member and (ii) 1,250 shares of vested but unexercised stock options. 

(15) 
 Major
 General (ret) Malcolm Frost beneficially owns directly 71,083 shares of common stock of the Company (i) 40,526 shares of common stock
 of the Company for services rendered as a board of director member, (ii) 29,307 shares of common stock of the Company through purchases
 on the open market and (iii) 1,250 shares of vested but unexercised stock options. 

(16) 
 Phillip
 Balatsos beneficially owns directly 60,132 shares of common stock of the Company (i) directly 58,882 shares of common stock of the
 Company for services rendered as a board of director member and (ii) 1,250 shares of vested but unexercised stock options. 

70 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Policies
and Procedures for Related Party Transactions 

Following
this offering, pursuant to the written charter of our Audit Committee, the Audit Committee will be responsible for reviewing and approving,
prior to our entry into any such transaction, all related party transactions and potential conflict of interest situations involving: 

any
 of our directors, director nominees or executive officers; 

any
 beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding stock; and 

any
 immediate family member of any of the foregoing. 

Our
Audit Committee will review any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship that: 

involves
 or will involve, directly or indirectly, any related party identified above; 

would
 cast doubt on the independence of a director; 

would
 present the appearance of a conflict of interest between us and the related party; or 

is
 otherwise prohibited by law, rule or regulation. 

The
Audit Committee will review each such transaction, arrangement or relationship to determine whether a related party has, has had or expects
to have a direct or indirect material interest. Following its review, the Audit Committee will take such action as it deems necessary
and appropriate under the circumstances, including approving, disapproving, ratifying, canceling or recommending to management how to
proceed if it determines a related party has a direct or indirect material interest in a transaction, arrangement or relationship with
us. Any member of the Audit Committee who is a related party with respect to a transaction under review will not be permitted to participate
in the discussions or evaluations of the transaction; however, the Audit Committee member will provide all material information concerning
the transaction to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee will report its action with respect to any related party transaction to the
board of directors. 

Transactions
with Officers, Directors and Executives of Muscle Maker 

On
January 6, 2022, we issued an aggregate of 39,573 shares of common stock to the members of the board of directors as compensation earned
during the fourth quarter of 2021. 

On
January 2, 2022, we appointed Jennifer Black as our Chief Financial Officer and entered into an Offer Letter with Ms. Black. Pursuant
to the Offer Letter, Ms. Black will be employed as our Chief Financial Officer on an at-will basis. Ms. Black is entitled to a base salary
at the annualized rate of 190,000. Our previous CFO, Ferdinand Groenewald, was appointed as our Chief Accounting Officer and subsequently
the position of Chief Accounting Officer was eliminated. 

On
February 10, 2022, we entered into an Employment Agreement with Michael Roper effective February 14, 2022, which replaced his prior employment
agreement. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, Mr. Roper will continue to be employed as our Chief Executive Officer on an at will
basis. During the term of the Employment Agreement, Mr. Roper will be entitled to a base salary at the annualized rate of 350,000, which
will be increased to 375,000 upon the one-year anniversary. Mr. Roper will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus to be paid
in cash or equity. Within 90 days of the effective date, we will issue Mr. Roper stock options to receive 100,000 shares of common stock
which will vest over a term of five years. If Mr. Roper is terminated by us for any reason other than cause, including termination without
cause in connection with a change in control, Mr. Roper will be entitled to a severance package of 18 months of salary and health and
dental benefits paid in accordance with our payroll schedule, but subject to the execution of a valid release in favor of us and our
related parties. 

71 

On
February 10, 2022, we entered into a letter agreement with Kevin Mohan, Chief Investment Officer, providing that Mr. Mohan will continue
to be engaged by us on an at-will basis with a base salary at the annualized rate of 200,000 effective February 14, 2022. Mr. Mohan
will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus to be paid in cash or equity of up to 75 of his salary. Within 90 days of the
effective date, we will issue Mr. Mohan stock options to receive 75,000 shares of common stock which will vest over a term of five years.
If Mr. Mohan is terminated by us for any reason other than cause, including termination without cause in connection with a change in
control, he will be entitled to a severance package of six months of salary and health and dental benefits paid in accordance with our
payroll schedule and insurance program, but subject to the execution of a valid release in favor of us and our related parties. 

On
February 9, 2022, we entered into a letter agreement with Kenn Miller, Chief Operations Officer, providing that Mr. Miller will continue
to be engaged by us on an at-will basis with a base salary at the annualized rate of 275,000 effective February 14, 2022. Mr. Miller
will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus to be paid in cash or equity of up to 75 of his salary. Within 90 days of the
effective date, we will issue Mr. Miller stock options to receive 50,000 shares of common stock which will vest over a term of five years.
If Mr. Miller is terminated by us for any reason other than cause, including termination without cause in connection with a change in
control, he will be entitled to a severance package of 12 months of salary and health and dental benefits paid in accordance with our
payroll schedule and insurance program, but subject to the execution of a valid release in favor of us and our related parties. 

On
February 9, 2022, we entered into a letter agreement with Aimee Infante, Chief Marketing Officer, providing that Ms. Infante will continue
to be engaged by us on an at-will basis with a base salary at the annualized rate of 175,000 effective February 14, 2022. Ms. Infante
will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus to be paid in cash or equity of up to 25 of her salary. Within 90 days of the
effective date, we will issue Ms. Infante stock options to receive 42,500 shares of common stock which will vest over a term of five
years. If Ms. Infante is terminated us for any reason other than cause, including termination without cause in connection with a change
in control, she will be entitled to a severance package of six months of salary and health and dental benefits paid in accordance with
the our payroll schedule and insurance program, but subject to the execution of a valid release in favor of us and our related parties. 

On
February 9, 2022, we entered into a letter agreement with Ferdinand Groenewald, Chief Accounting Officer, providing that Mr. Groenewald
will continue to be engaged by us on an at-will basis with a base salary at the annualized rate of 175,000 effective February 14, 2022.
Mr. Groenewald will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus to be paid in cash or equity of up to 25 of his salary. Within
90 days of the effective date, we will issue Mr. Groenewald stock options to receive 25,000 shares of common stock which will vest over
a term of five years. If Mr. Groenewald is terminated by us for any reason other than cause, including termination without cause in connection
with a change in control, he will be entitled to a severance package of six months of salary and health and dental benefits paid in accordance
with our payroll schedule and insurance program, but subject to the execution of a valid release in favor of us and our related parties. 

On
March 31, 2022, we issued an aggregate of 53,961 shares of common stock to the members of the board of directors as compensation earned
during the first quarter of 2022. 

On
April 4, 2022, we issued 20,000 shares of common stock to a member of the executive team per the employment agreement. 

On
May 2, 2022, we issued options to purchase an aggregate of 312,500 shares of common stock. The options had an exercise price of 0.41
per share and vest ratably over 20 quarters with the first vesting occurring on June 30, 2022. 

On
June 21, 2022, we advised Ferdinand Groenewald that the position of Chief Accounting Officer has been eliminated. Mr. Groenewald continued
his employment with us through July 29, 2022, at which time he became entitled to the severance for termination without cause as outlined
in the letter agreement between us and Mr. Groenewald dated February 9, 2022. Mr. Groenewald forfeited 25,000 options upon his departure
as an officer. 

On
July 14, 2022, we issued an aggregate of 74,019 shares of common stock to the members of the board of directors as compensation earned
during the second quarter of 2022. 

On
October 10, 2022, we issued options to purchase 25,000 shares of common stock. The options had an exercise price of 0.41 per share and
vest ratably over 20 quarters with the first vesting occurring on December 31, 2022. 

On
October 12, 2022, we issued an aggregate of 75,792 shares of common stock to the members of the board of directors as compensation earned
during the third quarter of 2022. 

72 

On
November 16, 2022, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Michael Roper (the Roper Agreement ),
which replaced his prior employment agreement. Pursuant to the Roper Agreement, Mr. Roper will continue to be employed as Chief Executive
Officer of the Company on an at will basis. During the term of the Roper Agreement, Mr. Roper is entitled to a base salary at the annualized
rate of 350,000. Mr. Roper will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus to be determined by the Board annually. Further, Mr.
Roper will be entitled to an additional bonus of 50,000 upon the Company obtaining approval of the Shareholder Matters and 25,000 upon
the Designated Directors representing a majority of the Board of Directors. If Mr. Roper is terminated for any reason, he will be entitled
to receive accrued salary and vacation pay, accrued bonus payments, all expense reimbursements and shall be entitled to exercise any
equity compensation rights through the last day of the term applicable to such stock option. If Mr. Roper is terminated by the Company
for any reason other than cause or resigns for a good reason, Mr. Roper will be entitled to a severance payment equal to 36 months of
salary, which will be reduced to 18 months following the second anniversary of the Roper Agreement, and all equity compensation shall
be fully accelerated. In the event the Shareholder Matters are not approved by the shareholders, the Roper Agreement will automatically
terminate and the prior employment agreement will again be in full effect. 

On
November 16, 2022, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Kenn Miller (the Miller Agreement ),
which replaced his prior employment agreement. Pursuant to the Miller Agreement, Mr. Miller will continue to be employed as Chief Operating
Officer of the Company on an at will basis. During the term of the Miller Agreement, Mr. Miller is entitled to a base salary at the annualized
rate of 275,000. Mr. Miller will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus up to 75 of his annual salary. Further, Mr. Miller
will be entitled to an additional bonus of 25,000 upon the Designated Directors representing a majority of the Board of Directors. If
Mr. Miller is terminated for any reason, he will be entitled to receive accrued salary and vacation pay, accrued bonus payments, all
expense reimbursements and shall be entitled to exercise any equity compensation rights through the last day of the term applicable to
such stock option. If Mr. Miller is terminated by the Company for any reason other than cause or resigns for a good reason, Mr. Miller
will be entitled to a severance payment equal to 36 months of salary, which will be reduced to 12 months following the second anniversary
of the Miller Agreement, and all equity compensation shall be fully accelerated. In the event the Shareholder Matters are not approved
by the shareholders, the Miller Agreement will automatically terminate and the prior employment agreement will again be in full effect.

On
November 16, 2022, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Kevin Mohan (the Mohan Agreement ), which
replaced his prior employment agreement. Pursuant to the Mohan Agreement, Mr. Mohan will continue to be employed as Chief Investment
Officer of the Company on an at will basis. During the term of the Employment Agreement, Mr. Mohan is entitled to a base salary at the
annualized rate of 200,000. Mr. Mohan will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus up to 75 of his annual salary. Further,
Mr. Mohan will be entitled to an additional bonus of 50,000 upon the Company obtaining approval of the Shareholder Matters and 25,000
upon the Designated Directors representing a majority of the Board of Directors. If Mr. Mohan is terminated for any reason, he will be
entitled to receive accrued salary and vacation pay, accrued bonus payments, all expense reimbursements and shall be entitled to exercise
any equity compensation rights through the last day of the term applicable to such stock option. If Mr. Mohan is terminated by the Company
for any reason other than cause or resigns for a good reason, Mr. Mohan will be entitled to a severance payment equal to 36 months of
salary, which will be reduced to six months following the second anniversary of the Mohan Agreement, and all equity compensation shall
be fully accelerated. In the event the Shareholder Matters are not approved by the shareholders, the Mohan Agreement will automatically
terminate and the prior employment agreement will again be in full effect. 

On
November 16, 2022, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Aimee Infante (the Infante Agreement ),
which replaced her prior employment agreement. Pursuant to the Infante Agreement, Ms. Infante will continue to be employed as Chief Marketing
Officer of the Company on an at will basis. During the term of the Infante Agreement, Ms. Infante is entitled to a base salary at the
annualized rate of 175,000. Ms. Infante will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus up to 25 of her annual salary. Further,
Ms. Infante will be entitled to an additional bonus of 25,000 upon the Designated Directors representing a majority of the Board of
Directors. If Ms. Infante is terminated for any reason, she will be entitled to receive accrued salary and vacation pay, accrued bonus
payments, all expense reimbursements and shall be entitled to exercise any equity compensation rights through the last day of the term
applicable to such stock option. If Ms. Infante is terminated by the Company for any reason other than cause or resigns for a good reason,
Ms. Infante will be entitled to a severance payment equal to 36 months of salary, which will be reduced to six months following the second
anniversary of the Infante Agreement, and all equity compensation shall be fully accelerated. In the event the Shareholder Matters are
not approved by the shareholders, the Infante Agreement will automatically terminate and the prior employment agreement will again be
in full effect. 

73 

On
January 5, 2023, we issued an aggregate of 31,308 shares of common stock to the members of the board of directors as compensation earned
during the fourth quarter of 2022. 

On February 27, 2023, we issued options to
purchase an aggregate of 531,072 shares of our common stock. The options had an exercise price of 1.505 per share and vest ratably
over 20 quarters with the first vesting occurring on March 31, 2023. 

On March 15, 2023, we issued options to purchase 68,928 shares of
our common stock. The options had an exercise price of 1.505 per share and vest ratably over 20 quarters with the first
vesting occurring on March 31, 2023. 

On
March 21, 2023, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Jennifer Black (the Black Agreement ), which
replaced her prior employment agreement dated November 16, 2022. Pursuant to the Black Agreement, Ms. Black will continue to be employed
as Chief Financial Officer of the Company on an at will basis. During the term of the Black Agreement, Ms. Black is entitled to a base
salary at the annualized rate of 250,000. Ms. Black will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus up to 50 of her annual salary.
Further, Ms. Black will be entitled to an additional bonus of 50,000 upon the Company obtaining approval of the Shareholder Matters
and 25,000 upon the Designated Directors representing a majority of the Board of Directors. If Ms. Black is terminated for any reason,
she will be entitled to receive accrued salary and vacation pay, accrued bonus payments, all expense reimbursements and shall be entitled
to exercise any equity compensation rights through the last day of the term applicable to such stock option. If Ms. Black is terminated
by the Company for any reason other than cause or resigns for a good reason, Ms. Black will be entitled to a severance payment equal
to 36 months of salary, which will be reduced to six months following the second anniversary of the Black Agreement, and all equity compensation
shall be fully accelerated. In the event the Shareholder Matters are not approved by the shareholders, the Black Agreement will automatically
terminate and the prior employment agreement will again be in full effect. 

We
have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and entered into such agreements with certain of our executive
officers. These agreements require us, among other things, to indemnify these individuals for certain expenses (including attorneys 
fees), judgments, fines and settlement amounts reasonably incurred by such person in any action or proceeding, including any action by
or in our right, on account of any services undertaken by such person on behalf of our Company or that person s status as a member
of our Board of Directors to the maximum extent allowed under Nevada law. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Kreit
 Chiu CPA LLP (formerly known as Paris Kreit Chiu CPA LLP) has served as our independent registered public accountants for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
following is a summary of the fees billed or expected to be billed to us by our independent registered public accountants, for professional
services rendered by Kreit Chiu CPA LLP (formerly known as Paris Kreit Chiu CPA LLP) for the fiscal years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 265,000 
 58,000 
 
 Audit-related fees (2) 
 2,150 
 75,000 
 
 Tax fees (3) 

All other fees (4) 

267,150 
 133,000 

(1) Audit
 Fees consist of fees billed and expected to be billed for services rendered for the audit
 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and
 2021 and in connection with the filing of our Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs and multiple Forms S-1
 and Forms S-3s. 
 
 (2) Audit-Related
 Fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related
 to the performance of the audit of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit
 Fees. 
 
 3) Tax
 Fees consist of fees billed for professional services related to preparation of our U.S.
 federal and state income tax returns and tax advice. 
 
 (4) All
 Other Fees consist of fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered
 public accountants, other than those disclosed above. 

The
Audit Committee is responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accountants
and approves in advance any services to be performed by the independent registered public accountants, whether audit-related or not.
The Audit Committee reviews each proposed engagement to determine whether the provision of services is compatible with maintaining the
independence of the independent registered public accountants. The fees shown above were pre-approved either by our Board or our Audit
Committee. 

74 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 3.1+ 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Muscle Maker, Inc., a Nevada corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2019) 

3.2+ 
 
 Bylaws of Muscle Maker, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2019) 

3.3+ 
 
 Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 11, 2019) 

3.4+ 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Muscle Maker, Inc., a Nevada corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2020) 

3.5+ 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Muscle Maker, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 7, 2023) 

4.1+ 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated April 9, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 12, 2021) 

4.2
 + 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated April 9, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 12, 2021) 

4.3+ 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock issued to A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners dated April 9, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 12, 2021) 

4.4+ 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated November 22, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2021) 

4.5+ 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated November 22, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2021) 

4.6+ 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant to Purchase Common Stock issued to A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners dated November 22, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2021) 

4.7 
 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 17, 2022) 

4.8 
 
 2023 Equity Incentive Plan 

4.9 
 
 Description of Securities 

10.1 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 7, 2021, between Muscle Maker, Inc. and the Purchaser (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 12, 2021) 

10.2 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated November 17, 2021, between Muscle Maker, Inc. and the Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2021) 

10.3 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 17, 2021, between Muscle Maker, Inc. and the Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2021) 

75 

10.4 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 7, 2021, between Muscle Maker, Inc. and the Purchaser (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 12, 2021) 

10.5 
 
 Form of Director Agreement dated July 16, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 10, 2019) 

10.6 
 
 Services Agreement between Muscle Maker, Inc., Sadot LLC and Aggia LLC FC dated November 14, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2022) 

10.7 
 
 Addendum 1 to Services Agreement between Muscle Maker, Inc., Sadot LLC and Aggia LLC FC dated November 17, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2022) 

10.8 
 
 Limited Liability Operating Agreement of Sadot LLC dated November 16, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2022) 

10.9 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement between Muscle Maker, Inc. and Michael Roper dated November 16, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2022) 

10.10 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement between Muscle Maker, Inc. and Jennifer Black dated November 16, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2022) 

10.11 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement between Muscle Maker, Inc. and Kevin Mohan dated November 16, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2022) 

10.12 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement between Muscle Maker, Inc. and Kenn Miller dated November 16, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2022) 

10.13 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement between Muscle Maker, Inc. and Aimee Infante dated November 16, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2022) 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Kreit Chiu CPA LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Includes management contracts and compensation plans and arrangements 

 Filed
herewith. 

 +Previously
filed. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

76 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MUSCLE
 MAKER, INC 

By: 
 /s/
 Michael J. Roper 

Michael
 J. Roper 
 
 Dated:
 March 21, 2023 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 

/s/
 Michael J. Roper 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, and 
 
 Michael
 J. Roper 
 
 Secretary
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Jennifer Black 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Jennifer
 Black 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Kevin Mohan 
 
 Chief
 Investment Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Kevin
 Mohan 

/s/
 Stephen A. Spanos 
 
 Director 
 
 Stephen
 A. Spanos 

/s/
 A.B. Southall III 
 
 Director 
 
 A.B.
 Southall III 

/s/
 Paul L. Menchik 
 
 Director

Paul
 L. Menchik 

/s/
 Jeff Carl 
 
 Director 
 
 Jeff
 Carl 

/s/
 Malcolm Frost 
 
 Director 
 
 Major
 General (Ret) Malcolm B. Frost 

/s/
 Phillip Balatsos 
 
 Director 
 
 Phillip
 Balatsos 

/s/
 Benjamin Petel 
 
 Director 
 
 Benjamin
 Petel 

/s/
 Na Yeon Oh 
 
 Director 
 
 Na Yeon
 Oh 

/s/
 Ray Shankar 
 
 Director 
 
 Ray
 Shankar 

77 

MUSCLE
MAKER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Muscle Maker, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Muscle Maker, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated statements of operations,
changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are
a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

 (formerly Paris, Kreit Chiu CPA LLP) 

We have served as Muscle Maker Inc. s auditor
since 2021. 

March 21, 2023 

F- 2 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Inventory 

Current portion of loans receivable, net of allowance of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Right to use assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Deposit on farmland 

Security deposits and other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued stock-based consulting expenses 

Notes payable, current 

Operating lease liability, current 

Deferred revenue, current 

Deferred rent, current 

Other current liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Notes payable, non-current 

Operating lease liability, non-current 

Deferred revenue, non-current 

Deferred rent, non-current 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity: 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares
 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 3 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues: 

Commodity sales 

Company restaurant sales, net of discounts 

Franchise royalties and fees 

Franchise advertising fund contributions 

Other revenues 

Total revenues 

Operating Costs and Expenses: 

Commodity operating expenses: 

Commodity cost 

Labor 

Other commodity operating expenses 

Total commodity operating expenses 

Restaurant operating expenses: 

Food and beverage costs 

Labor 

Rent 

Other restaurant operating expenses 

Total restaurant operating expenses 

Impairment of intangible asset 

Impairment of goodwill 

Depreciation and amortization expenses 

Franchise advertising fund expenses 

Preopening expenses 

Post-closing expenses 

Stock-based consulting expenses 

Sales, general and administrative expenses 

Total costs and expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other Income: 

Other income / (expense) 

Interest expense, net 

Change in fair value of accrued compensation 

Gain on debt extinguishment 

Total other income, net 

Loss Before Income Tax 

Income tax 

Net loss 

Net Loss Per Share: 

Basic and Diluted 

Weighted average Number of Common Shares Outstanding: 

Basic and Diluted 

See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements 

F- 4 

MUSCLE
MAKER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Additional 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 

Issuance of restricted stock 

Common stock issued in connection of the acquisition of SuperFit Foods on March 25, 2021 

Common stock, pre-funded warrants and warrants issued in private placement on April 7, 2021, net of fees 

Common stock issued in connection of the acquisition of Pokemoto on May 14, 2021 

Common stock, pre-funded warrants and warrants issued in private placement on November 22, 2021, net of fees 

Restricted common stock issued as compensation to executives and employees 

Common stock issued as compensation to board of directors 

Common stock issued as compensation for services 

Exercise of pre-funded warrants 

Cancellation of share per agreement with shareholder 

Common stock issued to investor 

Amortization of restricted common stock 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Beginning balance 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principal 

Cash less exercise of pre-funded warrants 

Common stock issued as compensation to board of directors 

Common stock issued as compensation for services 

Common stock issued as compensation for employment 

Exercise of pre-funded warrants 

Reconciliation for shares outstanding per transfer agent 

Stock-based compensation options 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2022 

Ending balance 

See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 5 

MUSCLE
MAKER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Gain on extinguishments of debt 

Impairment of intangible asset 

Impairment of goodwill 

Stock-based consulting expenses 

Change in fair value of compensation 

Loss on disposal of assets 

Bad debt expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Security deposits and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred rent 

Operating right of use asset and liability, net 

Deferred revenue 

Other current liabilities 

Total adjustments 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Deposit on farmland 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Cash paid-in connection with the acquisition of SuperFit Foods 

Cash paid-in connection with the acquisition of Pokemoto, net of cash acquired 

Collections from loans receivable 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from Private Placement Offering, net of underwriter s discount and offering costs of 

Proceeds from exercise of pre-funded warrants 

Cash paid-in connection with cancellation of shares 

Repayments of notes payables 

Net cash (used in) / provided by financing
 activities 

Net (Decrease) / Increase in Cash 

Cash beginning of period 

Cash end of period 

See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements 

F- 6 

MUSCLE
MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 

For
 the Years Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Supplemental
 Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash
 paid for interest 

Cash
 paid for taxes 

Supplemental
 Disclosures of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities 

Cash
 less exercise of pre-funded warrants 

See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 7 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Non-Traditional
(Hybrid) Division is a combination of the aforementioned brands and provides its own unique experience for the consumer. Non-Traditional
(Hybrid) locations are designed for unique locations such as universities and military bases. 

The
Company operates under the name Muscle Maker Grill, Pokemoto, SuperFit Foods and Sadot and is a franchisor and owner operator of Muscle
Maker Grill restaurants, Pokemoto restaurants, SuperFit Foods Meal Prep and Sadot. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s restaurant
and meal prep system included 19 Company-owned restaurants, 25 franchise restaurants and 34 SuperFit Foods pick up locations. As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has franchise agreements for 46 Pokemoto franchises that have sold but have not opened. 

Liquidity 

Our
primary source of liquidity is cash on hand. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a cash balance, a working capital surplus and an
accumulated deficit of , , and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred
a Pre-tax net loss of and Net cash used in operations of . The Company believes that our existing cash on hand and
future cash flows from our franchise operations, will be sufficient to fund our operations, anticipated capital expenditures and repayment
obligations over the next 12 months. 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Estimates
and assumptions are periodically reviewed, and the effects of any material revisions are reflected in the financial statements in the
period that they are determined to be necessary. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions. 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

. The Company has entered into a letter of intent with a deposit to purchase
undeveloped farmland. The Company is still in final negotiations with the intent to finalize the agreement by the end of the second quarter
of 2023. 

years 
 
 Leasehold
 improvements 
 
 years 

years 

Franchise
 license 
 
 years 

Trademarks

years 

Domain
 name, Customer list and Proprietary recipes 
 
 years 

Non-compete
 agreements 
 
 years 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. The Company did not have any Commodity sales revenue during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Restaurant
Sales 

Retail
store revenue at Company-operated restaurants is recognized when payment is tendered at the point of sale, net of sales tax, discounts
and other sales related taxes. The Company recorded retail store revenues of and during the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company sells gift cards which do not have an expiration date, and it does not deduct dormancy fees from outstanding gift card balances.
The Company recognizes revenues from gift cards as restaurant revenues once the Company performs its obligation to provide food and beverage
to the customer simultaneously with the redemption of the gift card or through gift card breakage, as discussed in Other revenues below. 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Franchise
Royalties and Fees 

Franchise
revenues consists of royalties, initial franchise fees and rebates. Royalties are based on a percentage of franchisee net sales revenue.
The Company recognizes the royalties as the underlying sales occur. The Company recorded revenue from royalties of and 
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included in Franchise royalties and fees on the accompanying
Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

The
Company provides the franchisees with management expertise, training, pre-opening assistance, and restaurant operating assistance in
exchange for the multi-unit development fees and initial franchise fees. The Company capitalizes these fees upon collection from the
franchisee. These initial fees are then recognized as franchise fee revenue on a straight-line basis over the life of the related franchise
agreements and any exercised renewal periods. Cash payments are due upon the execution of the related franchise agreement. The Company s
performance obligation with respect to franchise fee revenues consists of a license to utilize the Company s brand for a specified
period of time, which is satisfied equally over the life of each franchise agreement. If a franchise location closes or a franchise agreement
is terminated for any reason, the unrecognized revenue will be recognized in full at that time. The Company recorded revenue from initial
franchise fees of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included in Franchise
royalties and fees on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

The
Company has supply agreements with certain food and beverage vendors. Pursuant to the terms of these agreements, rebates are provided
to the Company based upon the dollar volume of purchases for all company-owned and franchised restaurants from these vendors. Rebates
earned on purchases by franchise stores are recorded as revenue during the period in which the related food and beverage purchases are
made. The Company recorded revenue from rebates of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
which is included in Franchise royalties and fees on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Rebates earned on purchases
by Company-owned stores are recorded as a reduction of Food and beverage costs during the period in which the related food and beverage
purchases are made. 

Franchise
Advertising Fund Contributions 

Under
the Company s franchise agreements, the Company and its franchisees are required to contribute a certain percentage of revenues
to a national advertising fund. The Company s national advertising services are provided on a system-wide basis and therefore,
not considered distinct performance obligations for individual franchisees. In accordance with Topic 606, the Company recognizes these
sales-based advertising contributions from franchisees as franchise revenue when the underlying franchisee Company incurs the corresponding
advertising expense. The Company records the related advertising expenses as incurred under Sales, general and administrative expenses.
When an advertising contribution fund is over-spent at year-end, advertising expenses will be reported on the Consolidated Statement
of Operations in an amount that is greater than the revenue recorded for advertising contributions. Conversely, when an advertising contribution
fund is under-spent at a year-end, the Company will accrue advertising costs up to advertising contributions recorded in revenue. The
Company recorded contributions from franchisees of and , respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
which are included in Franchise advertising fund contributions on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Other
Revenues 

Gift
card breakage is recognized when the likelihood of a gift card being redeemed by the customer is remote and the Company determines there
is not a legal obligation to remit the unredeemed gift card balance to the relevant jurisdiction. The determination of the gift card
breakage rate is based upon the Company s specific historical redemption patterns. Gift card liability is recorded in other current
liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company recorded and for gift card breakage for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Deferred
Revenue 

Deferred
revenue primarily includes initial franchise fees received by the Company, which are being amortized over the life of the Company s
franchise agreements. Deferred revenue is recognized in income over the life of the franchise agreements. If a franchise location closes
or a franchise agreement is terminated for any reason, the remaining deferred revenue will be recognized in full at that time. 

of the Net Income generated by the Sadot business segment. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 
is recorded as Stock-based consulting expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and a corresponding
liability is recorded as Accrued stock-based consulting expense in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. This expense is
expected to be paid in stock in 2023. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, advertising cost of and , respectively, are included in
Sales, general and administrative expenses and and , respectively, are included in Other restaurant operating expenses
in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Options 

Convertible debt 

Total potentially dilutive shares 

and of the Company s purchases for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ASC
820 defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the
principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement
date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level
1 quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level
2 quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable. 

Level
3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement. 

The
carrying amounts of accrued liabilities approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying amounts
of our short term credit obligations approximate fair value because the effective yields on these obligations, which include contractual
interest rates, taken together with other features such as concurrent issuance of common stock and warrants, are comparable to rates
of returns for instruments of similar credit risk. 

See
Note 17 Equity Warrant and Options Valuation for details related to accrued compensation liability being fair valued
using Level 1 inputs. 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

as of the adoption date, and recognized an additional during the second quarter of 2022, based on updated information
on two of our leases, for an aggregate cumulative-effect adjustment to accumulated deficit of . See Note 11 Leases for
further details. 

In
October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08 Business Combinations Topic 805 ): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract
Liabilities from Contracts with Customers. The ASU requires contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination
to be recognized and measured by the acquirer on the acquisition date in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers , as if it had originated the contracts. Under the current business combinations guidance, such assets and liabilities
were recognized by the acquirer at fair value on the acquisition date. The ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within
those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2022, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material
impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures. 

reserves for uncollectible loans at December 31, 2022 and at
December 31, 2021. Loans receivable was paid in full during the third quarter of 2022 and
the corresponding reserve for loan loss was reversed. 

Preopening expenses 

Other receivables 

Prepaid and Other Current Assets 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Included
in prepaid and other current assets is a receivable of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The receivable reduced Labor expense for 2021 is included in Restaurant operating expenses, related to the employee retention tax credits
receivable from the Internal Revenue Services IRS that was made available to companies effected by COVID-19. The Company
started to early access the credit in the fourth quarter of 2021 as allowed by the IRS. 

. Deposit on farmland consists of funds paid as a deposit
with the intent to acquire farmland in Africa by our Sadot subsidiary. The Company has entered into a letter of intent with a deposit to purchase
undeveloped farmland. The Company is still in final negotiations with the intent to finalize the agreement by the end of the second quarter
of 2023. 

Vehicles 

Leasehold improvements 

Construction in process 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense amounted to and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company wrote off Property and equipment with an original cost value of and , respectively, related
to closed locations and future locations that were terminated due to the economic environment as a result of COVID-19 and increased Labor
and Food cost and recorded a loss on disposal of and , respectively, after accumulated depreciation of and
 , respectively, in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

to years. 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Franchise Agreements 

Trademark SuperFit 

Domain Name SuperFit 

Customer List SuperFit 

Proprietary Recipes SuperFit 

Non-Compete Agreement SuperFit 

Trademark Pokemoto 

Franchisee License Pokemoto 

Proprietary Recipes Pokemoto 

Non-Compete Agreement Pokemoto 

Amortization
expense related to intangible assets was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Franchise Agreements 

Trademark SuperFit 

Domain Name SuperFit 

Customer List SuperFit 

Proprietary Recipes SuperFit 

Non-Compete Agreement SuperFit 

Trademark Pokemoto 

Franchisee License Pokemoto 

Proprietary Recipes Pokemoto 

Non-Compete Agreement Pokemoto 

Total 

The
Company sustained operating and cash flow losses from inception which formed a basis for performing an impairment test of its Intangible
Assets. The Company performed a recoverability test on the Company s intangible assets based on its projected future undiscounted
cash flows. As a result of a failed recoverability test the Company proceeded to measure the fair value of those assets based on the
future discounted cash flows and recorded an impairment charge in the aggregate amount of and during the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The key assumptions used in the estimates of projected cash flows utilized in both the test
and measurement steps of the impairment analysis were projected revenues and royalty payments. These forecasts were based on actual revenues
and take into account recent developments as well as the Company s plans and intentions. 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Acquisitions 

Impairment of goodwill 

Goodwill, net at December 31, 2021 

Goodwill net 

Acquisitions 

Impairment of goodwill 

Goodwill, net at December 31, 2022 

Goodwill, net 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company performed a quantitative goodwill assessment and determined the fair value of
Muscle Maker Grill restaurant using a discounted cash flow model. The discounted cash flow model relied on making assumptions, such as
the extent of the economic downturn related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the expected timing of recovery, and the expected growth in profitability
and discount rate, which we believed were appropriate. The results of our 2021 goodwill impairment test indicated that the estimated
carrying value of Muscle Maker Grill exceeded its fair value amount. As a result, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 
during the year ended December 31, 2021. No impairment charge was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Accrued payroll and bonuses 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued professional fees 

Sales taxes payable (1) 

Total Accounts Payable
 and Accrued Expenses 

(1) 

. Accrued stock-based consulting expenses are related to consulting
fees due to Aggia for Sadot operations. Based on the servicing agreement with Aggia, the consulting fees are calculated at approximately
 of the Net income generated by the Sadot business segment. For the year ended December 31, 2022, is also recorded as Stock-based
consulting expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Stock-based consulting expense is expected to be paid
in stock in 2023. 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

convertible promissory note (the 2018 ARH Note to the Former Parent for services
rendered and expense paid on behalf of the Company. The 2018 ARH Note has no stated interest rate or maturity date and is convertible
into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share at a time to be determined by the lender. 

On
April 11, 2018, the Former Parent elected to partially convert the 2018 ARH Note for the principal of into shares of
the Company s common stock. 

The
Company had an aggregate gross amount of , as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, included in notes payable. 

As
of December 31, 2021, the Company had another convertible note payable in the amount of , which is included within notes payable.
This note was paid in full as of December 31, 2022. See Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies Litigation, Claims and
Assessments for details related to the convertible note payable. 

Other
Notes Payable 

On
October 10, 2019, the Company issued a note payable in connection with the acquisition of the franchisee location in the amount of .
The note has a stated interest rate of with monthly payments payable over years. 

On
May 9, 2020, the Company entered into a Paycheck Protection Program Promissory Note and Agreement with Greater Nevada Credit Union, pursuant
to which the Company received loan proceeds of (the PPP Loan ). The PPP Loan was made under, and is subject to
the terms and conditions of, the PPP which was established under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act and is administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration. 

On
June 21, 2021, the U.S. Small Business Administration (the SBA forgave the Company s first PPP loan entered into
on May 9, 2020. The aggregate amount forgiven is , consisting of in principal and in interest expenses during
the year ended December 31, 2021. The forgiven amount was accounted for as a Gain on debt extinguishment and was recorded in our Consolidated
Statements of Operations. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, as part of the Pokemoto acquisition, the Company acquired loans issued by the Small Business
Administration under its Economic Injury Disaster Loans EIDL ). The Company repaid all the loans in full during the year
ended December 31, 2021. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, as part of the Pokemoto acquisition the Company acquired in paycheck protection loans second
draw (the PPP 2 Loan ). The SBA forgave in principal and in interest expense during the year ended December
31, 2021. The SBA forgave in principal and in interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. The forgiven
amount was accounted for as a Gain on debt extinguishment and was recorded in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company repaid a total amount of and , respectively, of the other
notes payables. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had an aggregate amount of in other notes payable. The notes had interest rates ranging between
 - per annum, due on various dates through May 2026. 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

12/31/2024 

12/31/2025 

12/31/2026 

Total debt 

The
total lease cost associated with right of use assets and operating lease liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 
and has been recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Operations as Rent expense within Restaurant operating expenses. 

Liabilities 

Operating leases current 

Operating leases non-current 

Total lease liabilities 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Weighted-average discount rate 

Operating leases 

Less: deferred revenue, current 

Deferred revenues, non-current 

Deferred
revenue of at December 31, 2021, was recognized in revenue in 2022 within Franchise royalties and fees on the Consolidated Statement
of Operations. Deferred revenue of at December 31, 2022, is expected to be recognized during 2023. 

Co-op advertising fund liability 

Marketing development brand liability 

Advertising fund liability 

Other current liabilities 

See
Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies Revenue Recognition for details related to the gift card liability and advertising
fund liability. 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Receivable allowance 

Stock-based compensation 

Intangible assets 

Property and equipment 

Deferred rent 

Other carryforwards 

Deferred revenues 

Leases 

Gross deferred tax asset 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property and equipment 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred 

Federal, State and local, tax expense 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax expense 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

State income tax benefit, net of federal impact 

Permanent differences 

PPP loan forgiveness 

Return to provision adjustments 

Deferred tax asset true up- State 

Deferred tax asset true up- Federal 

Other 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective income tax rate 

The
Company has filing obligations in what it considers its U.S. major tax jurisdictions as follows: Nevada, California, Connecticut, Florida,
New Jersey, Texas, Virginia, New York State and New York City. The earliest year that the Company is subject to examination is the year
ended December 31, 2015. 

The
Company has approximately million of Federal and State Net operating loss NOLs available to offset future taxable
income. The net operating loss carryforwards generated prior to 2018, if not utilized, 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has determined that it is more likely than not that the Company will not recognize the future
tax benefit of the loss carryforwards and has recognized a valuation allowance of and , respectively. The valuation
allowance increased by approximately . 

Utilization
of the net operating loss carryforwards and credits may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations
provided by Section 382 and Section 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and similar state provisions. Generally, in
addition to certain entity reorganizations, the limitation applies when one or more 5 percent stockholders increase their
ownership, in the aggregate, by more than 50 percentage points over a 36-month time period testing period or beginning the day after
the most recent ownership change, if shorter. 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Consulting
Agreements 

On
February 7, 2021, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement with consultants as a strategy business consultant to provide the Company
with business and marketing advice as needed. 
Pursuant to the terms of the agreement the Company agreed to pay the consultant a total of shares of the Company s common
stock. The Company issued shares of common stock upon the effective date of the agreement with the remaining to be issued
upon the successful completion of the agreement. As of December 31, 2021, the Company issued the remaining shares of common with
a grant date fair value of pursuant to the terms of the agreement. 

On
March 8, 2021, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement with consultants as a strategy business consultant to provide the Company
with financial and business advice. Pursuant
to the terms of the agreement the Company agreed to pay the consultant a total of shares of the Company s common stock.
The Company issued shares of common stock upon the effective date of the agreement with the remaining to be issued upon
the successful completion of the agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company issued the remaining shares of common with a
grant date fair value of pursuant to the terms of the agreement. 

On
March 22, 2021, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement with consultants with experience in the area of investor relations and
capital introductions. The term of the agreement is for six months from the effective date on March 22, 2021. Pursuant to the terms of
the agreement the Company paid in cash and issued shares of the Company s common stock. 

On November 14, 2022 (the Effective Date ), the Company, Sadot and Aggia LLC FC, a company formed under the laws of United
Arab Emirates Aggia entered into a Services Agreement (the Services Agreement whereby Sadot engaged Aggia
to provide certain advisory services to Sadot for creating, acquiring and managing Sadot s business of wholesaling food and engaging
in the purchase and sale of physical food commodities. 

As
consideration for Aggia providing the services to Sadot, the Company agreed to issue shares of common stock of the Company, par
value 
per share, to Aggia subject to Sadot generating net income measured on a quarterly basis at per share price of ,
subject to equitable adjustments for any combinations or splits of the common stock occurring following the Effective Date. Upon
Sadot generating net income for any fiscal quarter, the Company shall issue Aggia a number of shares of common stock equal to the
net income for such fiscal quarter divided by the per share price (the Shares ). The Company may only issue authorized,
unreserved shares of common stock. The Company will not issue Aggia in excess of 
shares representing 99 
of the number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock as of the Effective Date. Further, once Aggia has been issued a
number of shares constituting 
of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, no additional shares shall be issued to Aggia unless and until
this transaction has been approved by the shareholders of the Company. In the event that the shares cap has been reached, then the
remaining portion of the net income, if any, not issued as shares shall accrue as debt payable by Sadot to Aggia until such debt has
reached a maximum of . The Company will prepare the shares earned calculation after the annual audit
or quarter review is completed by the auditors. The shares will be issued within 10 days of the final calculation. 

Board
Compensation 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, through the third quarter of 2022 the board members were eligible for cash compensation of 
per year to be paid quarterly within 30 days of the close of each quarter. On November 11, 2022, the board of directors approved a new
board compensation plan that would increase the cash compensation to to be paid quarterly within 30 days of the close of each
quarter, which was retroactively applied for the full fourth quarter of 2022. 

In
addition, on an ongoing basis pursuant to the approved board compensation plan each director will receive in value of common stock
per year for service as director, in value of shares of common stock per year for service on each committee and in value
of shares of common stock per year for service as chair for such committee. The number of shares to be issued would be based upon the
closing price of the last trading date of each calendar quarter. The shares of common stock for committee service will be limited to
two committees. 

On
February 3, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock of the Company to the members of the board of directors
as compensation earned through the end of the fourth quarter of 2020. 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

On
March 31, 2021, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of shares of common stock to the members of the board of directors
as compensation earned during the first quarter of 2021. 

On
August 24, 2021, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of shares of common stock to the members of the board of
directors as compensation earned during the second quarter of 2021. 

On
October 21, 2021, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of shares of common stock to the members of the board of
directors as compensation earned during the third quarter of 2021. 

On
January 6, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of shares of common stock to the members of the board of
directors as compensation earned during the fourth quarter of 2021. The Company accrued for the liability as of December 31, 2021. 

On
March 31, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of shares of common stock to the members of the board of directors
as compensation earned during the first quarter of 2022. 

On
July 14, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of shares of common stock to the members of the board of directors
as compensation earned during the second quarter of 2022. 

On
October 12, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of shares of common stock to the members of the board of
directors as compensation earned during the third quarter of 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company accrued a total of related to board compensation for stock issuance and for their portion
of cash compensation earned during the fourth quarter of 2022. 

Franchising 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company entered into various Pokemoto franchise agreements for a total of 30 and
17, respectively, potentially new Pokemoto locations with various franchisees. The Franchisees paid the Company an aggregate of
 and and this has been recorded in deferred revenue as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Master
Franchise Agreement 

On
October 25, 2021, Muscle Maker Development International LLC MMDI ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Muscle Maker Inc., entered
into a Master Franchise Agreement (the Master Franchise Agreement with Almatrouk Catering Company OPC ACC providing ACC with the right to grant franchises for the development of 40 Muscle Maker Grill restaurants through December
31, 2030 (the Term in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia KSA ). 

Under
the Master Franchise Agreement, MMDI has granted to ACC an exclusive right to establish and operate Muscle Maker restaurants in the KSA.
MMDI will not own or operate restaurants in KSA, grant franchises for the restaurants in KSA, or grant Master Franchise Rights for the
restaurants to other persons within the KSA. ACC will be solely responsible for the development, sales, marketing, operations, distribution
and training of all franchise locations sold in the KSA. 

ACC
is required to pay MMDI 
pursuant to the Master Franchise Agreement upon the occurrence of various events. ACC is required to pay MMDI 
upon the execution of each franchise agreement for each individual restaurant and a monthly royalty fee of 
for each restaurant. Further, ACC is to adhere to the agreed upon development schedule as outlined in the master franchise
agreement. An initial deposit was paid on the agreement and no other amount is due at this time. 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Taxes 

The
Company failed in certain instances in paying past state and local sales taxes collected from customers in specific states that impose
a tax on sales of the Company s products during 2017 and 2018. As of the second quarter 2022, all past due tax on sales from 2017
and 2018 has been paid in full. The Company had accrued a sales tax liability for approximately and as of December 31,
2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. All current state and local sales taxes from January 1, 2018, for open Company-owned locations
have been fully paid and in a timely manner. The Company has completed all the payment plans with the various state or local entities
for these past owed amounts. 

Litigations,
Claims and Assessments 

On
April 24, 2022, the Company and a convertible note holder entered into an agreement in which the Company will repay a total of
 
in connection with the default judgement issued on June 22, 2018, by the Iowa District Court for Polk County #CVCV056029, filed
against the Company for failure to pay the remaining balance due on a promissory note in the amount of ,
together with interest, attorney fees and other costs of .
The Company agreed to pay 
on or before May 1, 2020 and to make seven installment payments of 
per month starting on or before June 1, 2022. As of December 30, 2022, the Company has paid this note in full. 

On
or about March 7, 2019, the Company was listed as a defendant to a lawsuit filed by a contractor in the State of Texas in El Paso County
#2019DCV0824. The contractor is claiming a breach of contract and is seeking in damages for services claimed to be rendered by
the contractor. The Company accrued for the liability in accounts payable and accrued expenses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

On
January 23, 2020, the Company was served a judgment issued by the Judicial Council of California in the amount of for a breach
of a lease agreement in Chicago, Illinois, in connection with a Company-owned store that was closed in 2018. As of December 31, 2022,
the Company has accrued for the liability in accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

In
the normal course of business, the Company may be involved in legal proceedings, claims and assessments arising in the ordinary course
of business. In the opinion of management after consulting legal counsel, such matters are currently not expected to have a material
impact on the Company s financial statements. 

The
Company records legal costs associated with loss contingencies as incurred and accrues for all probable and estimable settlements after
consulting legal counsel. 

Corporate
Address Change 

During
August 2022 the Company relocated its corporate office address from 2600 South Shore Blvd. Suite 300, League City, Texas, to 1751 River
Run, Ste 200, Fort Worth, TX 76107. 

Employment
Agreements 

On
November 16, 2022, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Michael Roper (the Roper Agreement ),
which replaced his prior employment agreement. Pursuant to the Roper Agreement, Mr. Roper will continue to be employed as Chief Executive
Officer of the Company on an at will basis. During the term of the Roper Agreement, Mr. Roper is entitled to a base salary at the annualized
rate of . Mr. Roper will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus to be determined by the Board annually. Further, Mr.
Roper will be entitled to an additional bonus of upon the Company obtaining approval of the Shareholder Matters and upon
the Designated Directors representing a majority of the Board of Directors. If Mr. Roper is terminated for any reason, he will be entitled
to receive accrued salary and vacation pay, accrued bonus payments, all expense reimbursements and shall be entitled to exercise any
equity compensation rights through the last day of the term applicable to such stock option. If Mr. Roper is terminated by the Company
for any reason other than cause or resigns for a good reason, Mr. Roper will be entitled to a severance payment equal to 36 months of
salary, which will be reduced to 18 months following the second anniversary of the Roper Agreement, and all equity compensation shall
be fully accelerated. In the event the Shareholder Matters are not approved by the shareholders, the Roper Agreement will automatically
terminate and the prior employment agreement will again be in full effect. 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

On
November 16, 2022, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Jennifer Black (the Black Agreement ),
which replaced her prior employment agreement. Pursuant to the Black Agreement, Ms. Black will continue to be employed as Chief Financial
Officer of the Company on an at will basis. During the term of the Black Agreement, Ms. Black is entitled to a base salary at the annualized
rate of . Ms. Black will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus up to of her annual salary. Further, Ms. Black
will be entitled to an additional bonus of upon the Company obtaining approval of the Shareholder Matters and upon the
Designated Directors representing a majority of the Board of Directors. If Ms. Black is terminated for any reason, she will be entitled
to receive accrued salary and vacation pay, accrued bonus payments, all expense reimbursements and shall be entitled to exercise any
equity compensation rights through the last day of the term applicable to such stock option. If Ms. Black is terminated by the Company
for any reason other than cause or resigns for a good reason, Ms. Black will be entitled to a severance payment equal to 36 months of
salary, which will be reduced to six months following the second anniversary of the Black Agreement, and all equity compensation shall
be fully accelerated. In the event the Shareholder Matters are not approved by the shareholders, the Black Agreement will automatically
terminate and the prior employment agreement will again be in full effect. 

On
November 16, 2022, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Kenn Miller (the Miller Agreement ),
which replaced his prior employment agreement. Pursuant to the Miller Agreement, Mr. Miller will continue to be employed as Chief Operating
Officer of the Company on an at will basis. During the term of the Miller Agreement, Mr. Miller is entitled to a base salary at the annualized
rate of . Mr. Miller will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus up to of his annual salary. Further, Mr. Miller
will be entitled to an additional bonus of upon the Designated Directors representing a majority of the Board of Directors. If
Mr. Miller is terminated for any reason, he will be entitled to receive accrued salary and vacation pay, accrued bonus payments, all
expense reimbursements and shall be entitled to exercise any equity compensation rights through the last day of the term applicable to
such stock option. If Mr. Miller is terminated by the Company for any reason other than cause or resigns for a good reason, Mr. Miller
will be entitled to a severance payment equal to 36 months of salary, which will be reduced to 12 months following the second anniversary
of the Miller Agreement, and all equity compensation shall be fully accelerated. In the event the Shareholder Matters are not approved
by the shareholders, the Miller Agreement will automatically terminate and the prior employment agreement will again be in full effect. 

On
November 16, 2022, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Kevin Mohan (the Mohan Agreement ), which
replaced his prior employment agreement. Pursuant to the Mohan Agreement, Mr. Mohan will continue to be employed as Chief Investment
Officer of the Company on an at will basis. During the term of the Employment Agreement, Mr. Mohan is entitled to a base salary at the
annualized rate of . Mr. Mohan will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus up to of his annual salary. Further,
Mr. Mohan will be entitled to an additional bonus of upon the Company obtaining approval of the Shareholder Matters and 
upon the Designated Directors representing a majority of the Board of Directors. If Mr. Mohan is terminated for any reason, he will be
entitled to receive accrued salary and vacation pay, accrued bonus payments, all expense reimbursements and shall be entitled to exercise
any equity compensation rights through the last day of the term applicable to such stock option. If Mr. Mohan is terminated by the Company
for any reason other than cause or resigns for a good reason, Mr. Mohan will be entitled to a severance payment equal to 36 months of
salary, which will be reduced to six months following the second anniversary of the Mohan Agreement, and all equity compensation shall
be fully accelerated. In the event the Shareholder Matters are not approved by the shareholders, the Mohan Agreement will automatically
terminate and the prior employment agreement will again be in full effect. 

On
November 16, 2022, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Aimee Infante (the Infante Agreement ),
which replaced her prior employment agreement. Pursuant to the Infante Agreement, Ms. Infante will continue to be employed as Chief Marketing
Officer of the Company on an at will basis. During the term of the Infante Agreement, Ms. Infante is entitled to a base salary at the
annualized rate of . Ms. Infante will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus up to of her annual salary. Further,
Ms. Infante will be entitled to an additional bonus of upon the Designated Directors representing a majority of the Board of
Directors. If Ms. Infante is terminated for any reason, she will be entitled to receive accrued salary and vacation pay, accrued bonus
payments, all expense reimbursements and shall be entitled to exercise any equity compensation rights through the last day of the term
applicable to such stock option. If Ms. Infante is terminated by the Company for any reason other than cause or resigns for a good reason,
Ms. Infante will be entitled to a severance payment equal to 36 months of salary, which will be reduced to six months following the second
anniversary of the Infante Agreement, and all equity compensation shall be fully accelerated. In the event the Shareholder Matters are
not approved by the shareholders, the Infante Agreement will automatically terminate, and the prior employment agreement will again be
in full effect. 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

On
February 9, 2022, the Company and Ferdinand Groenewald, the former Chief Accounting Officer, entered a letter agreement providing that
Mr. Groenewald will continue to be engaged by the Company on an at-will basis with a base salary at the annualized rate of effective
February 14, 2022. Mr. Groenewald was entitled to a discretionary performance bonus to be paid in cash or equity of up to of his
salary. Within 90 days of the effective date, the Company issued Mr. Groenewald stock options to receive shares of common stock
which will over a term of . If Mr. Groenewald is terminated by the Company for any reason other than cause, including termination
without cause in connection with a change in control, he was entitled to a severance package of six months of salary and health and dental
benefits paid in accordance with the Company s payroll schedule and insurance program, but subject to the execution of a valid
release in favor of the Company and its related parties. See Note 17 Equity Options for details related to the issuance
of the stock options. 

Departure
of Officer 

On
June 21, 2022, the Company advised Ferdinand Groenewald that the position of Chief Accounting Officer has been eliminated. Mr. Groenewald
continued his employment with the Company through July 29, 2022, at which time he became entitled to the severance for termination without
cause as outlined in the letter agreement between the Company and Mr. Groenewald dated February 9, 2022. 

NASDAQ
Notice 

On February 1, 2022, the Company received a letter from the Staff therein
indicating that, based upon the closing bid price of the Company s common stock for the prior 30 consecutive business days, the
Company was not in compliance with the requirement to the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. Pursuant to NASDAQ Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A),
the Company was granted 180 calendar days, or until August 1, 2022, to regain compliance. On August 2, 2022, the Company received a second
letter from the Staff advising that the Company had been granted an additional 180 calendar days, or to January 30, 2023, to regain compliance
with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement, in accordance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A). 

The Company intends to actively monitor the minimum bid price of its common
stock and may, as appropriate, consider available options to regain compliance with the Rule. There can be no assurance that the Company
will be able to regain compliance with the Rule or will otherwise be in compliance with other NASDAQ listing criteria. 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Pokemoto Division 

Non-Traditional (Hybrid) Division 

SuperFit Foods Division 

Sadot Division 

Revenues 

Operating Loss 

Muscle Maker Grill Division 

Pokemoto Division 

Non-Traditional (Hybrid) Division 

SuperFit Division 

Sadot Division 

Corporate and unallocated sales, general and administrative expenses (a) 

Stock-based consulting expenses 

Unallocated operating other income/ (expense) (b) 

Operating Loss 

Other income/ (expense) 

Interest expense, net 

Change in fair value of accrued compensation 

Gain on debt extinguishment 

Loss before income taxes 

(a) and , respectively, and professional and consulting expense of and
 , respectively. 

(b) 

to shares of par value share common stock. As of December 31, 2021, the Company
was authorized to issue shares of par value per share common stock. The holders of the Company s common stock
are entitled to one vote per share. 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Stock
Option and Stock Issuance Plan 

2020
Plan 

The
Company s board of directors and shareholders approved and adopted on October 27, 2020 the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 2020
Plan ), effective on October 27, 2020 under which stock options and restricted stock may be granted to officers, directors, employees
and consultants in the form of non-qualified stock options, incentive stock-options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards,
restricted stock Units, stock bonus awards, performance compensation awards (including cash bonus awards) or any combination of the foregoing.
Under the 2020 Plan, the Company reserved shares of common stock for issuance. As of December 31, 2022, shares have been issued under the 2020 Plan. 

2021
Plan 

The
Company s board of directors and shareholders approved and adopted on October 7, 2021 the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 2021
Plan ), effective on September 16, 2020 under which stock options and restricted stock may be granted to officers, directors, employees
and consultants in the form of non-qualified stock options, incentive stock-options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards,
restricted stock units, stock bonus awards, performance compensation awards (including cash bonus awards) or any combination of the foregoing.
Under the 2021 Plan, the Company reserved shares of common stock for issuance. As of December 31, 2022, shares have been issued and options to purchase shares have been awarded under the 2021 Plan. 

Common
Stock Issuances 

On
February 3, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock of the Company to a digital marketing consultant with
an aggregate fair value of . 

On
April 30, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock of the Company to a digital marketing consultant, pursuant
to their service agreement, with an aggregate fair value of . 

On
May 6, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock of the Company to a digital marketing consultant with
an aggregate fair value of . The Company originally accrued for the liability as accrued compensation expense on the books, as
the share were fully earned pursuant to their service agreement. On the date of issues of the shares the Company recorded a gain on the
change in fair value of the accrued compensation of in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

On
May 27, 2021, the Company cancelled shares of common stock previously issued to an investor pursuant to a settlement. The cancellation
of the shares was part of the settlement agreement. See Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies Litigation, Claims
and Assessments for further details related to the settlement. 

On
August 24, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock of the Company to a digital marketing consultant, pursuant
to their service agreement, with an aggregate fair value of . 

On
August 26, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock of the Company to an investor in the Company, with an
aggregate fair value of . 

On
October 11, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock of the Company to a consultant for general consulting
services, pursuant to their service agreement, with an aggregate fair value of . 

On
October 22, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock of the Company to a digital marketing consultant,
pursuant to their service agreement, with an aggregate fair value of . 

On
December 3, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock of the Company to a consultant for business strategy consulting with
a fair value of . 

On
December 7, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock of the Company to a consultant for strategic advisory
and digital marketing services with an aggregate fair value of . 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On
December 27, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock of the Company to a consultant with a fair value of . 

On
January 3, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of shares of common stock in connection with the cashless
exercise of the pre-funded warrants. Pursuant to the terms of the pre-funded warrants a total of warrants were exercised. 

On
January 6, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of shares of common stock to the members of the board of
directors as compensation earned during the fourth quarter of 2021. The Company accrued for the liability as of December 31, 2021. 

On
January 18, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock of the Company to a consultant that assisted with
the acquisition of SuperFit Foods and Pokemoto, with an aggregate fair value amount of . The Company accrued for the liability
as of December 31, 2021. 

On
February 24, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of shares of common stock in connection with the cashless
exercise of the pre-funded warrants. Pursuant to the terms of the pre-funded warrants a total of warrants were exercised. 

On
March 31, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of shares of common stock to the members of the board of directors
as compensation earned during the first quarter of 2022. 

On
April 4, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of shares of common stock to a member of the executive team per the employment
agreement. The stock was not fully earned until April 4, 2022. 

On
June 8, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of shares of common stock to a contractor for work done at a Company owned location. 

On
June 30, 2022, the Company recognized shares of common stock for book purpose to reconcile the shares outstanding to the transfer
agent report. 

On
July 14, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of shares of common stock to the members of the board of directors
as compensation earned during the second quarter of 2022. 

On
October 12, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of shares of common stock to the members of the board of
directors as compensation earned during the third quarter of 2022. 

On
November 29, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of shares of common stock in connection with the exercise
of pre-funded warrants. 

See
Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies Consulting Agreements and Board Compensation for details related to additional
stock issuances during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Private
Placements 

On
April 7, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor (the Securities Purchase Agreement for a private placement (the Private Placement pursuant to which the investor agreed to purchase from the Company for
an aggregate purchase price of approximately 
 (i) 
 shares of common stock of the Company (ii) a
common stock purchase warrant to purchase up to 
 shares of common stock (the Common Warrant and (iii) a pre-funded common stock purchase warrant to purchase up to 
 shares of common stock (the pre-funded
warrant ). Each share and accompanying common warrant is being sold together at a combined offering price of 
 per share and Common Warrant, and each pre-funded
warrant and accompanying common warrant is being sold together at a combined offering price of 
 per pre-funded warrant and accompanying common
warrant. The pre-funded warrant is immediately exercisable, at a nominal exercise price of 
 per share, and may be exercised at any time until
the pre-funded warrant is fully exercised. The common warrant will have an exercise price of 
 per share, are immediately exercisable and will
expire years
from the date of issuance. The Private Placement closed on April 9, 2021. 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
Securities Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements of the Company and the Purchaser and customary
indemnification rights and obligations of the parties thereto. Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company was required
to register the resale of the shares and the shares issuable upon exercise of the common warrant and the pre-funded warrant. The Company
prepared and filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 30 days of the date of the Securities
Purchase Agreement and to used commercially reasonable efforts to have the registration statement declared effective within 90 days of
the closing of the Private Placement. 

Pursuant
to a placement agency agreement, dated April 6, 2021, between the Company and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (the Placement Agent entered into in connection with the Private Offering, the Placement Agent acted as the sole placement agent for the Private Placement
and the Company has paid customary placement fees to the Placement Agent, including a cash fee equal to of the gross proceeds raised
in the Private Placement and a common stock purchase warrant to purchase shares of common stock in an amount equal to of the Shares
and shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants sold in the Private Placement, the warrant has an exercise price of
 per share and is exercisable commencing six months from the date of the pricing of the Private Placement for a period of five
years after such date. Pursuant to the Placement Agency Agreement, the Company has also agreed to reimburse certain expenses of the placement
agent incurred in connection with the Private Placement. 

On
November 17, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with accredited investors (the Securities Purchase
Agreement for a private placement (the Private Placement pursuant to which the investors (the Purchasers agreed to purchase from the Company for an aggregate purchase price of approximately (i) shares (the Shares of common stock, par value per share, of the Company (the common stock (ii) a common stock purchase warrant to
purchase up to shares of common stock (the common warrant and (iii) a pre-funded common stock purchase warrant
to purchase up to shares of common stock (the pre-funded warrant ). Each share and accompanying common warrant
were being sold together at a combined offering price of per share and common warrant, and each pre-funded warrant and accompanying
Common Warrant is being sold together at a combined offering price of per pre-funded warrant and accompanying common warrant.
The pre-funded warrant is immediately exercisable, at a nominal exercise price of per share, and may be exercised at any time
until the pre-funded warrant is fully exercised. The common warrant will have an exercise price of per share, are immediately
exercisable and will expire years from the date of issuance. The Private Placement closed on November 22, 2021. 

The
Securities Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements of the Company and the Purchaser and customary
indemnification rights and obligations of the parties thereto. Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company is required
to register the resale of the shares and the shares issuable upon exercise of the common warrant and the pre-funded warrant. The Company
was required to prepare and file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 30 days of the date of the
Securities Purchase Agreement and used commercially reasonable efforts to have the registration statement declared effective within 90
days of the closing of the Private Placement. 

Pursuant
to a placement agency agreement, dated November 17, 2021, between the Company and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (the Placement
Agent entered into in connection with the Private Offering, the Placement Agent acted as the sole placement agent for the Private
Placement and the Company has paid customary placement fees to the Placement Agent, including a cash fee equal to of the gross proceeds
raised in the Private Placement and a common stock purchase warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock in an amount equal to of the
Shares and shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants sold in the Private Placement, which warrant has an exercise
price of per share and is exercisable commencing six months from the date of the pricing of the Private Placement for a period
of five years after such date. Pursuant to the Placement Agency Agreement, the Company has also agreed to reimburse certain expenses
of the placement agent incurred in connection with the Private Placement. The warrants for the November 17, 2021, private placement for
the Placement Agents were issued in the fourth quarter of 2022. 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Restricted
Common Stock 

On
January 1, 2021, shares of restricted common stock vested that was originally issued to employees and consultants in May 2017. 

On
February 11, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of restricted common stock of the Company to various executives
and an employee. The restricted common stock is fully vested upon the date of grant. 

On
April 4, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of shares of common stock to a member of the executive team per the employment
agreement. 

At
December 31, 2022, there was no restricted common stock outstanding. A summary of the activity related to the restricted common stock
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is presented below: 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Warrant
and Option Valuation 

The
Company has computed the fair value of warrants granted and options accrued for as accrued compensation expense using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model. The expected term used for warrants and options issued to non-employees is the contractual life. The Company is
utilizing an expected volatility figure based on a review of the historical volatilities, over a period of time, equivalent to the expected
term of the instrument being valued, of similarly positioned public companies within its industry. The risk-free interest rate was determined
from the implied yields from U.S. Treasury zero-coupon bonds with a remaining term consistent with the expected term of the instrument
being valued. 

Options 

On
May 2, 2022, the Company, pursuant to the employment agreements, issued options to purchase an aggregate of 
shares of the Company s common stock. The options had an exercise price of 
per share and vest ratably over 20 quarters with the first vesting occurring on June 30, 2022. 

On
October 10, 2022, the Company issued options to purchase 
shares of the Company s common stock. The options had an exercise price of 
per share and vest ratably over 20 quarters with the first vesting occurring on December 31, 2022. 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

There
were shares forfeited upon the departure of an officer. 

Issued 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Issued 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Expected term (years) 

Expected volatility 
 - 
 
 Expected dividends 

Warrants 

On
May 24, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the exercising of the pre-funded warrant for . 

On
May 28, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the exercising of the pre-funded warrant for . 

On
December 23, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the exercising of the pre-funded warrant for
 . 

On
January 3, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the cashless exercise of the pre-funded warrants.
Pursuant to the terms of the pre-funded warrants a total of warrants were exercised. 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On
February 24, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the cashless exercise of the pre-funded warrants.
Pursuant to the terms of the pre-funded warrants a total of warrants were exercised. 

On
November 29, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the exercising of pre-funded warrants for . 

Issued 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Issued 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

The
grant date fair value of warrants granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was established during the Private Placement. 

Stock-Based
Compensation Expense 

Stock-based
compensation related to restricted stock issued to employees, directors and consultants, warrants and warrants to consultants amounted
to and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of which and , respectively,
was recorded in Sales, general and administrative expenses and and , respectively, was recorded in Labor expense within
Restaurant operating expenses. 

shares of common stock to the members of the board of
directors as compensation earned during the fourth quarter of 2022. The Company accrued for the liability as of December 31, 2022. 

Stock
Options 

On February 27, 2023, the Company issued options
to purchase an aggregate of 
shares of our common stock. The options had an exercise price of 
per share and vest ratably over 20 quarters with the first vesting occurring on March 31, 2023. 

On March 15, 2023, the Company issued options to purchase 
shares of our common stock. The options had an exercise price of 
per share and vest ratably over 20 quarters with the first vesting occurring on March 31, 2023. 

Appointment
of Directors 

On
February 2, 2023, the Board appointed Na Yeon Hannah Oh and Ray Shankar to the Board of Directors, effective March 1, 2023. 

MUSCLE MAKER, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NASDAQ
Notice 

On
January 31, 2023, the Company received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of The NASDAQ
Stock Market LLC NASDAQ notifying the Company that, based upon the Company s non-compliance with the requirement to maintain a minimum
bid price of 
per share for continued listing on NASDAQ as set forth in NASDAQ Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Minimum Bid Price
Requirement as of January 31, 2023, the Company would need to request a hearing to appeal the determination. 

The Company
requested a hearing before a NASDAQ Hearings Panel (the Panel on February 7, 2023. The hearing was scheduled for March
23, 2023. On March 2, 2023, the Company received notice from Nasdaq confirming that the Company has cured its bid price deficiency and
has fully regained compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Rule. 

Authorized
Capital Stock 

The
Company s board of directors and shareholders approved on February 28, 2023 an increase in the authorized capital stock to 
shares of common stock, par value of . 

2023
Equity Incentive Plan 

The
Company s board of directors and shareholders approved and adopted on February 28, 2023 the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan 2023
Plan under which stock options and restricted stock may be granted to officers, directors, employees and consultants in the form
of non-qualified stock options, incentive stock-options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock Units,
stock bonus awards, performance compensation awards (including cash bonus awards) or any combination of the foregoing. Under the 2023
Plan, the Company reserved shares of common stock for issuance. As of the date of the issuance of these Consolidated Financial
Statements no shares have been issued and option to purchase shares have been awarded under the 2023 Plan. 

Employment
Agreement 

On
March 21, 2023, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Jennifer Black (the Black Agreement ), which
replaced her prior employment agreement. Pursuant to the Black Agreement, Ms. Black will continue to be employed as Chief Financial Officer
of the Company on an at will basis. During the term of the Black Agreement, Ms. Black is entitled to a base salary at the annualized
rate of . Ms. Black will be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus up to of her annual salary. Further, Ms. Black
will be entitled to an additional bonus of upon the Company obtaining approval of the Shareholder Matters and upon the
Designated Directors representing a majority of the Board of Directors. If Ms. Black is terminated for any reason, she will be entitled
to receive accrued salary and vacation pay, accrued bonus payments, all expense reimbursements and shall be entitled to exercise any
equity compensation rights through the last day of the term applicable to such stock option. If Ms. Black is terminated by the Company
for any reason other than cause or resigns for a good reason, Ms. Black will be entitled to a severance payment equal to 36 months of
salary, which will be reduced to six months following the second anniversary of the Black Agreement, and all equity compensation shall
be fully accelerated. In the event the Shareholder Matters are not approved by the shareholders, the Black Agreement will automatically
terminate and the prior employment agreement will again be in full effect. 

F- 36 

<EX-4.8>
 2
 ex4-8.htm

2023
Equity Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit
4.8 

1.
 Purpose . The purpose of the Muscle Maker, Inc. 2023 Equity Incentive Plan is to provide a means through which the Company and
its Affiliates may attract and retain key personnel and to provide a means whereby directors, officers, managers, employees, consultants
and advisors of the Company and its Affiliates can acquire and maintain an equity interest in the Company, or be paid incentive compensation,
which may (but need not) be measured by reference to the value of Common Shares, thereby strengthening their commitment to the welfare
of the Company and its Affiliates and aligning their interests with those of the Company s stockholders. 

2.
 Definitions . The following definitions shall be applicable throughout this Plan: 

(a)
 Affiliate means (i) any person or entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under
common control with the Company and/or (ii) to the extent provided by the Committee, any person or entity in which the Company has a
significant interest as determined by the Committee in its discretion. The term control (including, with correlative meaning,
the terms controlled by and under common control with ), as applied to any person or entity, means the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person or entity, whether
through the ownership of voting or other securities, by contract or otherwise. 

(b)
 Award means, individually or collectively, any Incentive Stock Option, Nonqualified Stock Option, Stock Appreciation
Right, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Stock Bonus Award or Performance Compensation Award granted under this Plan. 

(c)
 Award Agreement means an agreement made and delivered in accordance with Section 15(a) of this Plan evidencing
the grant of an Award hereunder. 

(d)
 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

(e)
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in New
York City are authorized or obligated by federal law or executive order to be closed. 

(f)
 Cause means, in the case of a particular Award, unless the applicable Award Agreement states otherwise, (i)
the Company or an Affiliate having cause to terminate a Participant s employment or service, as defined in any employment
or consulting agreement or similar document or policy between the Participant and the Company or an Affiliate in effect at the time of
such termination or (ii) in the absence of any such employment or consulting agreement, document or policy (or the absence of any definition
of Cause contained therein), (A) a material breach or material default (including, without limitation, any material dereliction
of duty) by Participant of any agreement between the Participant and the Company, except for any such breach or default which is caused
by the physical disability of the Participant (as determined by a neutral physician), or a repeated failure by the Participant to follow
the direction of a duly authorized representative of the Company; (B) gross negligence, willful misfeasance or breach of fiduciary duty
to the Company or Affiliate of the Company by the Participant; (C) the commission by the Participant of an act or omission involving
fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation or dishonesty in connection with the Participant s duties to the Company or Affiliate of
the Company or that is otherwise likely to be injurious to the business or reputation of the Company or its Affiliates; or (D) the Participant s
conviction of, indictment for, or pleading guilty or nolo contendere to, any (x) felony or (y) other crime involving fraud or
moral turpitude. Any determination of whether Cause exists shall be made by the Committee in its sole discretion. 

(g)
 Change in Control shall, in the case of a particular Award, unless the applicable Award Agreement states
otherwise or contains a different definition of Change in Control, be deemed to occur upon: 

(i)
A tender offer (or series of related offers) shall be made and consummated for the ownership of 50 or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the Company, unless as a result of such tender offer more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving
or resulting corporation or entity shall be owned in the aggregate by (A) the shareholders of the Company (as of the time immediately
prior to the commencement of such offer), or (B) any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and their Affiliates; 

(ii)
The Company shall be merged or consolidated with another corporation, unless as a result of such merger or consolidation more than 50 
of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving or resulting corporation or entity shall be owned in the aggregate by (A) the shareholders
of the Company (as of the time immediately prior to such transaction); provided, that a merger or consolidation of the Company with another
company which is controlled by persons owning more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of the Company shall constitute a Change
in Control unless the Committee, in its discretion, determine otherwise, or (B) any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries,
and their Affiliates; 

(iii)
The Company shall sell substantially all of its assets to another entity that is not wholly owned by the Company, unless as a result
of such sale more than 50 of such assets shall be owned in the aggregate by (A) the shareholders of the Company (as of the time immediately
prior to such transaction), or (B) any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and their Affiliates; 

(iv)
A Person (as defined below) shall acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the Company (whether directly, indirectly,
beneficially or of record), unless as a result of such acquisition more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving
or resulting corporation or entity shall be owned in the aggregate by (A) the shareholders of the Company (as of the time immediately
prior to the first acquisition of such securities by such Person), or (B) any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries,
and their Affiliates; or 

(v)
The individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the members of the Board (the Current Board Members cease, by reason
of a financing, merger, combination, acquisition, takeover or other non-ordinary course transaction affecting the Company, to constitute
at least a majority of the members of the Board unless such change is approved by the Current Board Members. 

For
purposes of this Section 2(g), ownership of voting securities shall take into account and shall include ownership as determined by applying
the provisions of Rule 13d-3(d)(I)(i) (as in effect on the date hereof) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). In addition, for such purposes, Person shall have the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act,
as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof; however, a Person shall not include (A) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;
(B) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (C) an
underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities; or (D) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly,
by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of stock of the Company. If the timing of
payments provided under an Award Agreement is based on or triggered by a Change in Control then, to extent necessary to avoid violating
Section 409A, a Change in Control must also constitute a Change in Control Event as defined under Section 409A. 

(h)
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor thereto. References in this Plan
to any section of the Code shall be deemed to include any regulations or other interpretative guidance issued by any governmental authority
under such section, and any amendments or successor provisions to such section, regulations or guidance. 

(i)
 Committee means a committee of at least two people as the Board may appoint to administer this Plan or, if
no such committee has been appointed by the Board, the Board. Unless altered by an action of the Board, the Committee shall be the Compensation
Committee of the Board. 

(j)
 Common Shares means the common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company (and any stock or other
securities into which such common shares may be converted or into which they may be exchanged). 

(k)
 Company means Muscle Maker Inc., a Nevada corporation, together with its successors and assigns. 

(l)
 Current Board Members has the meaning given such term in the definition of Change in Control. 

(m)
 Date of Grant means the date on which the granting of an Award is authorized, or such other date as may be
specified in such authorization. 

(n)
 Disability means, in the case of a particular Award, unless the applicable Award Agreement states otherwise,
(i) Disability as defined in any employment or consulting agreement or similar document or policy in effect between the
Participant and the Company or an Affiliate or (ii) in the absence of any such employment or consulting agreement, document or policy
(or the absence of any definition of Disability contained therein), the inability of the Participant to perform the essential
functions of the Participant s job by reason of a physical or mental infirmity, for a period of three (3) consecutive months or
for an aggregate of six (6) months in any twelve (12) consecutive month period. The determination of whether a Participant has incurred
a permanent and total disability shall be made by a physician designated by the Committee, whose determination shall be final and binding. 

(o)
 Effective Date means the date as of which this Plan is adopted by the Board, subject to Section 3 of this
Plan. 

(p)
 Eligible Director means a person who is (i) a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule
16b-3 under the Exchange Act, and (ii) an outside director within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code. 

(q)
 Eligible Person means any (i) individual employed by the Company or an Affiliate; provided, however ,
that no such employee covered by a collective bargaining agreement shall be an Eligible Person unless and to the extent that such eligibility
is set forth in such collective bargaining agreement or in an agreement or instrument relating thereto; (ii) director of the Company
or an Affiliate; or (iii) consultant or advisor to the Company or an Affiliate, provided that if the Securities Act applies such persons
must be eligible to be offered securities registrable on Form S-8 under the Securities Act. 

(r)
 Exchange Act has the meaning given such term in the definition of Change in Control, and any
reference in this Plan to any section of (or rule promulgated under) the Exchange Act shall be deemed to include any rules, regulations
or other interpretative guidance issued by any governmental authority under such section or rule, and any amendments or successor provisions
to such section, rules, regulations or guidance. 

(s)
 Exercise Price has the meaning given such term in Section 7(b) of this Plan. 

(t)
 Fair Market Value , unless otherwise provided by the Committee in accordance with all applicable laws, rules
regulations and standards, means, on a given date, (i) if the Common Shares are listed on a national securities exchange, the closing
sales price on the principal exchange of the Common Shares on such date or, in the absence of reported sales on such date, the closing
sales price on the immediately preceding date on which sales were reported, or (ii) if the Common Shares are not listed on a national
securities exchange, the mean between the bid and offered prices as quoted by any nationally recognized interdealer quotation system
for such date, provided that if the Common Shares are not quoted on an interdealer quotation system or it is determined that the fair
market value is not properly reflected by such quotations, Fair Market Value will be determined by such other method as the Committee
determines in good faith to be reasonable and in compliance with Section 409A. 

(u)
 Immediate Family Members shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15(b) of this Plan. 

(v)
 Incentive Stock Option means an Option that is designated by the Committee as an incentive stock option as
described in Section 422 of the Code and otherwise meets the requirements set forth in this Plan. 

(w)
 Indemnifiable Person shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(e) of this Plan. 

(x)
 Negative Discretion shall mean the discretion authorized by this Plan to be applied by the Committee to eliminate
or reduce the size of a Performance Compensation Award consistent with Section 162(m) of the Code. 

(y)
 Nonqualified Stock Option means an Option that is not designated by the Committee as an Incentive Stock Option. 

(z)
 Option means an Award granted under Section 7 of this Plan. 

(aa)
 Option Period has the meaning given such term in Section 7(c) of this Plan. 

(bb)
 Participant means an Eligible Person who has been selected by the Committee to participate in this Plan and
to receive an Award pursuant to Section 6 of this Plan. 

(cc)
 Performance Compensation Award shall mean any Award designated by the Committee as a Performance Compensation
Award pursuant to Section 11 of this Plan. 

(dd)
 Performance Criteria shall mean the criterion or criteria that the Committee shall select for purposes of
establishing the Performance Goal(s) for a Performance Period with respect to any Performance Compensation Award under this Plan. 

(ee)
 Performance Formula shall mean, for a Performance Period, the one or more objective formulae applied against
the relevant Performance Goal to determine, with regard to the Performance Compensation Award of a particular Participant, whether all,
some portion but less than all, or none of the Performance Compensation Award has been earned for the Performance Period. 

(ff)
 Performance Goals shall mean, for a Performance Period, the one or more goals established by the Committee
for the Performance Period based upon the Performance Criteria. 

(gg)
 Performance Period shall mean the one or more periods of time, as the Committee may select, over which the
attainment of one or more Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a Participant s right to, and the payment
of, a Performance Compensation Award. 

(hh)
 Permitted Transferee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15(b) of this Plan. 

(ii)
 Person has the meaning given such term in the definition of Change in Control. 

(jj)
 Plan means this Muscle Maker, Inc. 2023 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time. 

(kk)
 Retirement means the fulfillment of each of the following conditions: (i) the Participant is in good standing
with the Company and/or an Affiliate of the Company as determined by the Committee; (ii) the voluntary termination by a Participant of
such Participant s employment or service to the Company and/or an Affiliate and (iii) that at the time of such voluntary termination,
the sum of: (A) the Participant s age (calculated to the nearest month, with any resulting fraction of a year being calculated
as the number of months in the year divided by 12) and (B) the Participant s years of employment or service with the Company (calculated
to the nearest month, with any resulting fraction of a year being calculated as the number of months in the year divided by 12) equals
at least 62 (provided that, in any case, the foregoing shall only be applicable if, at the time of such Retirement, the Participant shall
be at least 55 years of age and shall have been employed by or served with the Company for no less than five years). 

(ll)
 Restricted Period means the period of time determined by the Committee during which an Award is subject to
restrictions or, as applicable, the period of time within which performance is measured for purposes of determining whether an Award
has been earned. 

(mm)
 Restricted Stock Unit means an unfunded and unsecured promise to deliver Common Shares, cash, other securities
or other property, subject to certain restrictions (including, without limitation, a requirement that the Participant remain continuously
employed or provide continuous services for a specified period of time), granted under Section 9 of this Plan. 

(nn)
 Restricted Stock means Common Shares, subject to certain specified restrictions (including, without limitation,
a requirement that the Participant remain continuously employed or provide continuous services for a specified period of time), granted
under Section 9 of this Plan. 

(oo)
 SAR Period has the meaning given such term in Section 8(c) of this Plan. 

(pp)
 Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code (together with all Treasury Regulations, guidance, compliance
programs, and other interpretative authority thereunder. 

(qq)
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any successor thereto. Reference in this
Plan to any section of the Securities Act shall be deemed to include any rules, regulations or other official interpretative guidance
issued by any governmental authority under such section, and any amendments or successor provisions to such section, rules, regulations
or guidance. 

(rr)
 Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means an Award granted under Section 8 of this
Plan which meets all of the requirements of Section 1.409A-1(b)(5)(i)(B) of the Treasury Regulations. 

(ss)
 Stock Bonus Award means an Award granted under Section 10 of this Plan. 

(tt)
 Strike Price means, except as otherwise provided by the Committee in the case of Substitute Awards, (i) in
the case of a SAR granted in tandem with an Option, the Exercise Price of the related Option, or (ii) in the case of a SAR granted independent
of an Option, the Fair Market Value of Common Shares on the Date of Grant. 

(uu)
 Subsidiary means, with respect to any specified Person: 

(i)
any corporation, association or other business entity of which more than 50 of the total voting power of shares of voting securities
(without regard to the occurrence of any contingency and after giving effect to any voting agreement or stockholders agreement
that effectively transfers voting power) is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of
the other Subsidiaries of that Person (or a combination thereof); and 

(ii)
any partnership or limited liability company (or any comparable foreign entity) (a) the sole general partner or managing member (or functional
equivalent thereof) or the managing general partner of which is such Person or Subsidiary of such Person or (b) the only general partners
or managing members (or functional equivalents thereof) of which are that Person or one or more Subsidiaries of that Person (or any combination
thereof). 

(vv)
 Substitute Award has the meaning given such term in Section 5(e). 

(ww)
 Treasury Regulations means any regulations, whether proposed, temporary or final, promulgated by the U.S.
Department of Treasury under the Code, and any successor provisions. 

3.
 Effective Date; Duration . The Plan shall be effective on , 2023, the date on which it is approved by the stockholders of the Company,
which date shall be within twelve (12) months before or after the date of the Plan s adoption by the Board. The expiration date
of this Plan, on and after which date no Awards may be granted hereunder, shall be , 2033, the tenth anniversary of the date on which
the Plan was approved by the stockholders of the Company; provided, however , that such expiration shall not affect Awards then
outstanding, and the terms and conditions of this Plan shall continue to apply to such Awards. 

4.
 Administration. 

(a)
The Committee shall administer this Plan. To the extent required to comply with the provisions of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange
Act (if the Board is not acting as the Committee under this Plan) or necessary to obtain the exception for performance-based compensation
under Section 162(m) of the Code, as applicable, it is intended that each member of the Committee shall, at the time he takes any action
with respect to an Award under this Plan, be an Eligible Director. However, the fact that a Committee member shall fail to qualify as
an Eligible Director shall not invalidate any Award granted by the Committee that is otherwise validly granted under this Plan. The acts
of a majority of the members present at any meeting at which a quorum is present or acts approved in writing by a majority of the Committee
shall be deemed the acts of the Committee. Whether a quorum is present shall be determined based on the Committee s charter as
approved by the Board. 

(b)
Subject to the provisions of this Plan and applicable law, the Committee shall have the sole and plenary authority, in addition to other
express powers and authorizations conferred on the Committee by this Plan and its charter, to: (i) designate Participants; (ii) determine
the type or types of Awards to be granted to a Participant; (iii) determine the number of Common Shares to be covered by, or with respect
to which payments, rights, or other matters are to be calculated in connection with, Awards; (iv) determine the terms and conditions
of any Award; (v) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances Awards may be settled or exercised in cash, Common
Shares, other securities, other Awards or other property, or canceled, forfeited, or suspended, and the method or methods by which Awards
may be settled, exercised, canceled, forfeited, or suspended; (vi) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances the
delivery of cash, Common Shares, other securities, other Awards or other property and other amounts payable with respect to an Award
shall be made; (vii) interpret, administer, reconcile any inconsistency in, settle any controversy regarding, correct any defect in and/or
complete any omission in this Plan and any instrument or agreement relating to, or Award granted under, this Plan; (viii) establish,
amend, suspend, or waive any rules and regulations and appoint such agents as the Committee shall deem appropriate for the proper administration
of this Plan; (ix) accelerate the vesting or exercisability of, payment for or lapse of restrictions on, Awards; and (x) make any other
determination and take any other action that the Committee deems necessary or desirable for the administration of this Plan. 

(c)
The Committee may, by resolution, expressly delegate to a special committee, consisting of one or more directors who may but need not
be officers of the Company, the authority, within specified parameters as to the number and types of Awards, to (i) designate officers
and/or employees of the Company or any of its Affiliates to be recipients of Awards under this Plan, and (ii) to determine the number
of such Awards to be received by any such Participants; provided, however, that such delegation of duties and responsibilities may not
be made with respect to grants of Awards to persons (i) subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act or (ii) who are, or who are reasonably
expected to be, covered employees for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code. The acts of such delegates shall be treated
as acts of the Committee, and such delegates shall report regularly to the Board and the Committee regarding the delegated duties and
responsibilities and any Awards granted. 

(d)
Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Plan, all designations, determinations, interpretations, and other decisions under or with
respect to this Plan or any Award or any documents evidencing Awards granted pursuant to this Plan shall be within the sole discretion
of the Committee, may be made at any time and shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all persons or entities, including, without
limitation, the Company, any Affiliate, any Participant, any holder or beneficiary of any Award, and any stockholder of the Company. 

(e)
No member of the Board, the Committee, delegate of the Committee or any employee, advisor or agent of the Company or the Board or the
Committee (each such person, an Indemnifiable Person shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to
be taken or any determination made in good faith with respect to this Plan or any Award hereunder. Each Indemnifiable Person shall be
indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from (and the Company shall pay or reimburse on demand for) any loss, cost,
liability, or expense (including court costs and attorneys fees) that may be imposed upon or incurred by such Indemnifiable Person
in connection with or resulting from any action, suit or proceeding to which such Indemnifiable Person may be a party or in which such
Indemnifiable Person may be involved by reason of any action taken or omitted to be taken under this Plan or any Award Agreement and
against and from any and all amounts paid by such Indemnifiable Person with the Company s approval, in settlement thereof, or paid
by such Indemnifiable Person in satisfaction of any judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding against such Indemnifiable Person,
 provided , that the Company shall have the right, at its own expense, to assume and defend any such action, suit or proceeding
and once the Company gives notice of its intent to assume the defense, the Company shall have sole control over such defense with counsel
of the Company s choice. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be available to an Indemnifiable Person to the extent
that a final judgment or other final adjudication (in either case not subject to further appeal) binding upon such Indemnifiable Person
determines that the acts or omissions of such Indemnifiable Person giving rise to the indemnification claim resulted from such Indemnifiable
Person s bad faith, fraud or willful criminal act or omission or that such right of indemnification is otherwise prohibited by
law or by the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of
any other rights of indemnification to which any such Indemnifiable Person may be entitled under the Company s Certificate of Incorporation
or Bylaws, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or any other power that the Company may have to indemnify such Indemnifiable Persons or
hold them harmless. 

(f)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Plan, the Board may, in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to
time, grant Awards and administer this Plan with respect to such Awards. In any such case, the Board shall have all the authority granted
to the Committee under this Plan. 

5.
 Grant of Awards; Shares Subject to this Plan; Limitations. 

(a)
The Committee may, from time to time, grant Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Bonus
Awards and/or Performance Compensation Awards to one or more Eligible Persons. No more than five percent (5 of the aggregate number
of Common Shares available for issuance pursuant to Section 5(b) hereof may be granted pursuant to Awards that are eligible to vest prior
to the first anniversary of the Date of Grant. No Participant shall be eligible to receive or accrue dividends or dividend equivalent
rights with respect to the Common Shares subject to an unvested Award, including without limitation, an Award of Stock Appreciation Rights
or Restricted Stock Units. 

(b)
Subject to Section 12 of this Plan, the Committee is authorized to deliver under this Plan an aggregate of 2,500,000 Common Shares. 

(c)
Common Shares underlying Awards under this Plan that are forfeited, cancelled, expire unexercised, or are settled in cash shall be available
again for Awards under this Plan at the same ratio at which they were previously granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following
Common Shares shall not be available again for Awards under the Plan: (i) shares tendered or held back upon the exercise of an Option
or settlement of an Award to cover the Exercise Price of an Award; (ii) shares that are used or withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations
of the Participant; (iii) shares subject to a Stock Appreciation Right that are not issued in connection with the stock settlement of
the SAR upon exercise thereof; and (iv) shares purchased in the open market using proceeds received upon the exercise of an Option. 

(d)
Common Shares delivered by the Company in settlement of Awards may be authorized and unissued shares, shares held in the treasury of
the Company, shares purchased on the open market or by private purchase, or any combination of the foregoing. 

(e)
Subject to compliance with Section 1.409A-3(f) of the Treasury Regulations, Awards may, in the sole discretion of the Committee, be granted
under this Plan in assumption of, or in substitution for, outstanding awards previously granted by an entity acquired by the Company
or with which the Company combines Substitute Awards ). The number of Common Shares underlying any Substitute
Awards shall be counted against the aggregate number of Common Shares available for Awards under this Plan. 

(f)
Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary (but subject to adjustment as provided in Section 12), the Committee shall
not grant to any one Eligible Person in any one calendar year Awards (i) for more than 50 of the Available Shares in the aggregate or
(ii) payable in cash in an amount exceeding 10,000,000 in the aggregate. 

6.
 Eligibility . Participation shall be limited to Eligible Persons who have entered into an Award Agreement or who have received
written notification from the Committee, or from a person designated by the Committee, that they have been selected to participate in
this Plan. 

7.
 Options. 

(a)
 Generally . Each Option granted under this Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement (whether in paper or electronic
medium (including email or the posting on a web site maintained by the Company or a third party under contract with the Company)). Each
Option so granted shall be subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 7, and to such other conditions not inconsistent with
this Plan as may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement. All Options granted under this Plan shall be Nonqualified Stock Options
unless the applicable Award Agreement expressly states that the Option is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option. Notwithstanding any
designation of an Option, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of Common Shares with respect to which Options designated
as Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Participant during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company
or any Subsidiary) exceeds 100,000, such excess Options shall be treated as Nonqualified Stock Options. Incentive Stock Options shall
be granted only to Eligible Persons who are employees of the Company and its Affiliates, and no Incentive Stock Option shall be granted
to any Eligible Person who is ineligible to receive an Incentive Stock Option under the Code. No Option shall be treated as an Incentive
Stock Option unless this Plan has been approved by the stockholders of the Company in a manner intended to comply with the stockholder
approval requirements of Section 422(b)(1) of the Code, provided that any Option intended to be an Incentive Stock Option shall not fail
to be effective solely on account of a failure to obtain such approval, but rather such Option shall be treated as a Nonqualified Stock
Option unless and until such approval is obtained. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the terms and conditions of such grant shall
be subject to and comply with such rules as may be prescribed by Section 422 of the Code. If for any reason an Option intended to be
an Incentive Stock Option (or any portion thereof) shall not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, then, to the extent of such nonqualification,
such Option or portion thereof shall be regarded as a Nonqualified Stock Option appropriately granted under this Plan. 

(b)
 Exercise Price . The exercise price Exercise Price per Common Share for each Option shall
not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of such share determined as of the Date of Grant; provided, however , that in the
case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to an employee who, at the time of the grant of such Option, owns shares representing more
than 10 of the voting power of all classes of shares of the Company or any Affiliate, the Exercise Price per share shall not be less
than 110 of the Fair Market Value per share on the Date of Grant; and, provided further, that notwithstanding any provision herein
to the contrary, the Exercise Price shall not be less than the par value per Common Share. 

(c)
 Vesting and Expiration . Options shall vest and become exercisable in such manner and on such date or dates determined by
the Committee and as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement, and shall expire after such period, not to exceed ten (10) years from
the Date of Grant, as may be determined by the Committee (the Option Period ); provided, however , that
the Option Period shall not exceed five (5) years from the Date of Grant in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Participant
who on the Date of Grant owns shares representing more than 10 of the voting power of all classes of shares of the Company or any Affiliate;
 and, provided, further , that notwithstanding any vesting dates set by the Committee, the Committee may, in its sole discretion,
accelerate the exercisability of any Option, which acceleration shall not affect the terms and conditions of such Option other than with
respect to exercisability. Unless otherwise provided by the Committee in an Award Agreement: 

(i)
the unvested portion of an Option shall expire upon termination of employment or service of the Participant granted the Option, and the
vested portion of such Option shall remain exercisable for: 

(A)
one year following termination of employment or service by reason of such Participant s death or Disability (with the determination
of Disability to be made by the Committee on a case by case basis), or, with respect to an Incentive Stock Option, three (3) months following
such termination, but not later than the expiration of the Option Period; 

(B)
for directors, officers and employees of the Company only, for six (6) months following termination of employment or service by reason
of such Participant s Retirement, or, with respect to an Incentive Stock Option, three (3) months following such termination, but
not later than the expiration of the Option Period; 

(C)
ninety (90) days following termination of employment or service for any reason other than such Participant s death, Disability
or Retirement, and other than such Participant s termination of employment or service for Cause, but not later than the expiration
of the Option Period; and 

(ii)
both the unvested and the vested portion of an Option shall immediately expire upon the termination of the Participant s employment
or service by the Company for Cause. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of Section 7(c) and consistent with the requirements of applicable law, the Committee, in its sole discretion,
may extend the post-termination of employment period during which a Participant may exercise vested Options. 

(d)
 Method of Exercise and Form of Payment . No Common Shares shall be delivered pursuant to the exercise of an Option until
payment in full of the Exercise Price therefor is received by the Company and the Participant has paid to the Company an amount equal
to any federal, state, local and/or foreign income and employment taxes required to be withheld. Options that have become exercisable
may be exercised by delivery of written or electronic notice of exercise to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Award Agreement
accompanied by payment of the Exercise Price. The Exercise Price shall be payable (i) in cash, check (subject to collection), cash equivalent
and/or vested Common Shares valued at the Fair Market Value at the time the Option is exercised (including, pursuant to procedures approved
by the Committee, by means of attestation of ownership of a sufficient number of Common Shares in lieu of actual delivery of such shares
to the Company); provided, however, that such Common Shares are not subject to any pledge or other security interest and; (ii)
by such other method as the Committee may permit in accordance with applicable law, in its sole discretion, including without limitation:
(A) in other property having a fair market value (as determined by the Committee in its discretion) on the date of exercise equal to
the Exercise Price or (B) if there is a public market for the Common Shares at such time, by means of a broker-assisted cashless
exercise pursuant to which the Company is delivered a copy of irrevocable instructions to a stockbroker to sell the Common Shares
otherwise deliverable upon the exercise of the Option and to deliver promptly to the Company an amount equal to the Exercise Price or
(C) by a net exercise method whereby the Company withholds from the delivery of the Common Shares for which the Option
was exercised that number of Common Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the aggregate Exercise Price for the Common Shares for
which the Option was exercised. Any fractional Common Shares shall be settled in cash. 

(e)
 Notification upon Disqualifying Disposition of an Incentive Stock Option . Each Participant awarded an Incentive Stock Option
under this Plan shall notify the Company in writing immediately after the date he makes a disqualifying disposition of any Common Shares
acquired pursuant to the exercise of such Incentive Stock Option. A disqualifying disposition is any disposition (including, without
limitation, any sale) of such Common Shares before the later of (A) two years after the Date of Grant of the Incentive Stock Option or
(B) one year after the date of exercise of the Incentive Stock Option. The Company may, if determined by the Committee and in accordance
with procedures established by the Committee, retain possession of any Common Shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Incentive
Stock Option as agent for the applicable Participant until the end of the period described in the preceding sentence. 

(f)
 Compliance with Laws, etc . Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall a Participant be permitted to exercise an Option
in a manner that the Committee determines would violate the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, if applicable, or any other applicable law or
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or the applicable rules and regulations of any securities
exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the securities of the Company are listed or traded. 

8.
 Stock Appreciation Rights. 

(a)
 Generally . Each SAR granted under this Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement (whether in paper or electronic medium
(including email or the posting on a web site maintained by the Company or a third party under contract with the Company)). Each SAR
so granted shall be subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 8, and to such other conditions not inconsistent with this Plan
as may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement. Any Option granted under this Plan may include tandem SARs (i.e., SARs granted
in conjunction with an Award of Options under this Plan). The Committee also may award SARs to Eligible Persons independent of any Option. 

(b)
 Exercise Price . The Exercise Price per Common Share for each Option granted in connection with a SAR shall not be less
than 100 of the Fair Market Value of such share determined as of the Date of Grant. 

(c)
 Vesting and Expiration . A SAR granted in connection with an Option shall become exercisable and shall expire according
to the same vesting schedule and expiration provisions as the corresponding Option. A SAR granted independent of an Option shall vest
and become exercisable and shall expire in such manner and on such date or dates determined by the Committee and shall expire after such
period, not to exceed ten years, as may be determined by the Committee (the SAR Period ); provided, however ,
that notwithstanding any vesting dates set by the Committee, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the exercisability
of any SAR, which acceleration shall not affect the terms and conditions of such SAR other than with respect to exercisability. Unless
otherwise provided by the Committee in an Award Agreement: 

(i)
the unvested portion of a SAR shall expire upon termination of employment or service of the Participant granted the SAR, and the vested
portion of such SAR shall remain exercisable for: 

(A)
one year following termination of employment or service by reason of such Participant s death or Disability (with the determination
of Disability to be made by the Committee on a case by case basis), but not later than the expiration of the SAR Period; 

(B)
for directors, officers and employees of the Company only, for six (6) months following termination of employment or service by reason
of such Participant s Retirement, but not later than the expiration of the SAR Period; 

(C)
ninety (90) days following termination of employment or service for any reason other than such Participant s death, Disability
or Retirement, and other than such Participant s termination of employment or service for Cause, but not later than the expiration
of the SAR Period; and 

(ii)
both the unvested and the vested portion of a SAR shall expire immediately upon the termination of the Participant s employment
or service by the Company for Cause. 

(d)
 Method of Exercise . SARs that have become exercisable may be exercised by delivery of written or electronic notice of exercise
to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Award, specifying the number of SARs to be exercised and the date on which such SARs
were awarded. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if on the last day of the Option Period (or in the case of a SAR independent of an Option,
the SAR Period), the Fair Market Value exceeds the Strike Price, the Participant has not exercised the SAR or the corresponding Option
(if applicable), and neither the SAR nor the corresponding Option (if applicable) has expired, such SAR shall be deemed to have been
exercised by the Participant on such last day and the Company shall make the appropriate payment therefor. 

(e)
 Payment . Upon the exercise of a SAR, the Company shall pay to the Participant an amount equal to the number of Common Shares
subject to the SAR that are being exercised multiplied by the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value of one Common Share on the exercise
date over the Strike Price, less an amount equal to any federal, state, local and non-U.S. income and employment taxes required to be
withheld. The Company shall pay such amount in cash, in Common Shares valued at Fair Market Value, or any combination thereof, as determined
by the Committee. Any fractional Common Share shall be settled in cash. 

9.
 Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units. 

(a)
 Generally . Each grant of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement (whether
in paper or electronic medium (including email or the posting on a web site maintained by the Company or a third party under contract
with the Company)). Each such grant shall be subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 9, and to such other conditions not
inconsistent with this Plan as may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units shall
be subject to such restrictions on transferability and other restrictions as the Committee may impose (including, for example, that holders
of Restricted Stock may not vote or receive dividends on the Restricted Stock). These restrictions may lapse separately or in combination
at such times, under such circumstances, in such installments, upon the satisfaction of Performance Goals or otherwise, as the Committee
determines at the time of the grant of an Award or thereafter. Except as otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, a Participant shall
have none of the rights of a stockholder with respect to Restricted Stock Units until such time as Common Shares are paid in settlement
of such Awards. 

(b)
 Restricted Accounts; Escrow or Similar Arrangement . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, upon the grant of Restricted
Stock, a book entry in a restricted account shall be established in the Participant s name at the Company s transfer agent
and, if the Committee determines that the Restricted Stock shall be held by the Company or in escrow rather than held in such restricted
account pending the release of the applicable restrictions, the Committee may require the Participant to additionally execute and deliver
to the Company (i) an escrow agreement satisfactory to the Committee, if applicable, and (ii) the appropriate share power (endorsed in
blank) with respect to the Restricted Stock covered by such agreement. If a Participant shall fail to execute an agreement evidencing
an Award of Restricted Stock and, if applicable, an escrow agreement and blank share power within the amount of time specified by the
Committee, the Award shall be null and void ab initio . No Participant shall have voting rights with respect to any Awards of Restricted
Stock. A Participant holding Restricted Stock granted hereunder shall not have the right to receive dividends on the Restricted Stock
during the Restriction Period. To the extent shares of Restricted Stock are forfeited, any share certificates issued to the Participant
evidencing such shares shall be returned to the Company, and all rights of the Participant to such shares and as a stockholder with respect
thereto shall terminate without further obligation on the part of the Company. 

(c)
 Vesting; Acceleration of Lapse of Restrictions . Unless otherwise provided by the Committee in an Award Agreement, the unvested
portion of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units shall terminate and be forfeited upon the termination of employment or service
of the Participant granted the applicable Award. 

(d)
 Delivery of Restricted Stock and Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . (i) Upon the expiration of the Restricted Period
with respect to any shares of Restricted Stock, the restrictions set forth in the applicable Award Agreement shall be of no further force
or effect with respect to such shares, except as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. If an escrow arrangement is used, upon
such expiration, the Company shall deliver to the Participant, or his beneficiary, without charge, the share certificate evidencing the
shares of Restricted Stock that have not then been forfeited and with respect to which the Restricted Period has expired (rounded down
to the nearest full share). 

(ii)
Unless otherwise provided by the Committee in an Award Agreement, upon the expiration of the Restricted Period with respect to any outstanding
Restricted Stock Units, the Company shall deliver to the Participant, or his beneficiary, without charge, one Common Share for each such
outstanding Restricted Stock Unit; provided, however , that the Committee may, in its sole discretion and subject to the requirements
of Section 409A, elect to (i) pay cash or part cash and part Common Share in lieu of delivering only Common Shares in respect of such
Restricted Stock Units or (ii) defer the delivery of Common Shares (or cash or part Common Shares and part cash, as the case may be)
beyond the expiration of the Restricted Period if such delivery would result in a violation of applicable law until such time as is no
longer the case. If a cash payment is made in lieu of delivering Common Shares, the amount of such payment shall be equal to the Fair
Market Value of the Common Shares as of the date on which the Restricted Period lapsed with respect to such Restricted Stock Units, less
an amount equal to any federal, state, local and non-U.S. income and employment taxes required to be withheld. 

10.
 Stock Bonus Awards . The Committee may issue unrestricted Common Shares, or other Awards denominated in Common Shares, under this
Plan to Eligible Persons, either alone or in tandem with other awards, in such amounts as the Committee shall from time to time in its
sole discretion determine. Each Stock Bonus Award granted under this Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement (whether in paper
or electronic medium (including email or the posting on a web site maintained by the Company or a third party under contract with the
Company)). Each Stock Bonus Award so granted shall be subject to such conditions not inconsistent with this Plan as may be reflected
in the applicable Award Agreement. 

11.
 Performance Compensation Awards. 

(a)
 Generally . The provisions of the Plan are intended to enable Options and Stock Appreciation Rights granted hereunder to
certain Eligible Persons to qualify for an exemption under Section 162(m) of the Code. The Committee shall have the authority, at the
time of grant of any Award described in Sections 7 through 10 of this Plan, to designate such Award as a Performance Compensation Award
intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code. The Committee shall have the authority
to make an award of a cash bonus to any Participant and designate such Award as a Performance Compensation Award intended to qualify
as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code. 

(b)
 Discretion of Committee with Respect to Performance Compensation Awards . With regard to a particular Performance Period,
the Committee shall have sole discretion to select the length of such Performance Period, the type(s) of Performance Compensation Awards
to be issued, the Performance Criteria that will be used to establish the Performance Goal(s), the kind(s) and/or level(s) of the Performance
Goals(s) that is (are) to apply and the Performance Formula. Within the first 90 calendar days of a Performance Period (or, if longer
or shorter, within the maximum period allowed under Section 162(m) of the Code, if applicable), the Committee shall, with regard to the
Performance Compensation Awards to be issued for such Performance Period, exercise its discretion with respect to each of the matters
enumerated in the immediately preceding sentence and record the same in writing. 

(c)
 Performance Criteria . The Performance Criteria that will be used to establish the Performance Goal(s) shall be based on
the attainment of specific levels of performance of the Company and/or one or more Affiliates, divisions or operational units, or any
combination of the foregoing, as determined by the Committee, which criteria may be based on one or more of the following business criteria:
(i) revenue; (ii) sales; (iii) profit (net profit, gross profit, operating profit, economic profit, profit margins or other corporate
profit measures); (iv) earnings (EBIT, EBITDA, earnings per share, or other corporate earnings measures); (v) net income (before or after
taxes, operating income or other income measures); (vi) cash (cash flow, cash generation or other cash measures); (vii) stock price or
performance; (viii) total stockholder return (stock price appreciation plus reinvested dividends divided by beginning share price); (ix)
economic value added; (x) return measures (including, but not limited to, return on assets, capital, equity, investments or sales, and
cash flow return on assets, capital, equity, or sales); (xi) market share; (xii) improvements in capital structure; (xiii) expenses (expense
management, expense ratio, expense efficiency ratios or other expense measures); (xiv) business expansion or consolidation (acquisitions
and divestitures); (xv) internal rate of return or increase in net present value; (xvi) working capital targets relating to inventory
and/or accounts receivable; (xvii) inventory management; (xviii) service or product delivery or quality; (xix) customer satisfaction;
(xx) employee retention; (xxi) safety standards; (xxii) productivity measures; (xxiii) cost reduction measures; and/or (xxiv) strategic
plan development and implementation. Any one or more of the Performance Criteria adopted by the Committee may be used on an absolute
or relative basis to measure the performance of the Company and/or one or more Affiliates as a whole or any business unit(s) of the Company
and/or one or more Affiliates or any combination thereof, as the Committee may deem appropriate, or any of the above Performance Criteria
may be compared to the performance of a selected group of comparison companies, or a published or special index that the Committee, in
its sole discretion, deems appropriate, or as compared to various stock market indices. The Committee also has the authority to provide
for accelerated vesting of any Award based on the achievement of Performance Goals pursuant to the Performance Criteria specified in
this paragraph. To the extent required under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Committee shall, within the first 90 calendar days of a
Performance Period (or, if longer or shorter, within the maximum period allowed under Section 162(m) of the Code), define in an objective
fashion the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for such Performance Period and thereafter promptly communicate
such Performance Criteria to the Participant. 

(d)
 Modification of Performance Goal(s) . In the event that applicable tax and/or securities laws change to permit Committee
discretion to alter the governing Performance Criteria without obtaining stockholder approval of such alterations, the Committee shall
have sole discretion to make such alterations without obtaining stockholder approval. The Committee is authorized at any time during
the first 90 calendar days of a Performance Period (or, if longer or shorter, within the maximum period allowed under Section 162(m)
of the Code, if applicable), or at any time thereafter to the extent the exercise of such authority at such time would not cause the
Performance Compensation Awards granted to any Participant for such Performance Period to fail to qualify as performance-based
compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, in its sole discretion, to adjust or modify the calculation of a Performance Goal
for such Performance Period, based on and in order to appropriately reflect the following events: (i) asset write-downs; (ii) litigation
or claim judgments or settlements; (iii) the effect of changes in tax laws, accounting principles, or other laws or regulatory rules
affecting reported results; (iv) any reorganization and restructuring programs; (v) extraordinary nonrecurring items as described in
Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 30 (or any successor pronouncement thereto) and/or in management s discussion and analysis
of financial condition and results of operations appearing in the Company s annual report to stockholders for the applicable year;
(vi) acquisitions or divestitures; (vii) any other specific unusual or nonrecurring events, or objectively determinable category thereof;
(viii) foreign exchange gains and losses; and (ix) a change in the Company s fiscal year. 

(e)
 Payment of Performance Compensation Awards . 

(i)
 Condition to Receipt of Payment . Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, a Participant must be employed
by, or in service to, the Company on the last day of a Performance Period to be eligible for payment in respect of a Performance Compensation
Award for such Performance Period. 

(ii)
 Limitation . A Participant shall be eligible to receive payment in respect of a Performance Compensation Award only to the
extent that: (A) the Performance Goals for such period are achieved; and (B) all or some of the portion of such Participant s Performance
Compensation Award has been earned for the Performance Period based on the application of the Performance Formula to such achieved Performance
Goals. 

(iii)
 Certification . Following the completion of a Performance Period, the Committee shall review and certify in writing whether,
and to what extent, the Performance Goals for the Performance Period have been achieved and, if so, calculate and certify in writing
that amount of the Performance Compensation Awards earned for the period based upon the Performance Formula. The Committee shall then
determine the amount of each Participant s Performance Compensation Award actually payable for the Performance Period and, in so
doing, may apply Negative Discretion. 

(iv)
 Use of Negative Discretion . In determining the actual amount of an individual Participant s Performance Compensation
Award for a Performance Period, the Committee may reduce or eliminate the amount of the Performance Compensation Award earned under the
Performance Formula in the Performance Period through the use of Negative Discretion if, in its sole judgment, such reduction or elimination
is appropriate. The Committee shall not have the discretion, except as is otherwise provided in this Plan, to (A) grant or provide payment
in respect of Performance Compensation Awards for a Performance Period if the Performance Goals for such Performance Period have not
been attained; or (B) increase a Performance Compensation Award above the applicable limitations set forth in Section 5 of this Plan. 

(f)
 Timing of Award Payments . Performance Compensation Awards granted for a Performance Period shall be paid to Participants
as soon as administratively practicable following completion of the certifications required by this Section 11, but in no event later
than two-and-one-half months following the end of the fiscal year during which the Performance Period is completed in order to comply
with the short-term deferral rules under Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) of the Treasury Regulations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, payment of
a Performance Compensation Award may be delayed, as permitted by Section 1.409A-2(b)(7)(i) of the Treasury Regulations, to the extent
that the Company reasonably anticipates that if such payment were made as scheduled, the Company s tax deduction with respect to
such payment would not be permitted due to the application of Section 162(m) of the Code. 

12.
 Changes in Capital Structure and Similar Events . In the event of (a) any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of
cash, Common Shares, other securities or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger,
amalgamation, consolidation, split-up, split-off, combination, repurchase or exchange of Common Shares or other securities of the Company,
issuance of warrants or other rights to acquire Common Shares or other securities of the Company, or other similar corporate transaction
or event (including, without limitation, a Change in Control) that affects the Common Shares, or (b) unusual or nonrecurring events (including,
without limitation, a Change in Control) affecting the Company, any Affiliate, or the financial statements of the Company or any Affiliate,
or changes in applicable rules, rulings, regulations or other requirements of any governmental body or securities exchange or inter-dealer
quotation system, accounting principles or law, such that in either case an adjustment is determined by the Committee in its sole discretion
to be necessary or appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of rights, then the Committee shall make any such adjustments
that are equitable, including, without limitation, adjusting any or all of (A) the number of Common Shares or other securities of the
Company (or number and kind of other securities or other property) that may be delivered in respect of Awards or with respect to which
Awards may be granted under this Plan (including, without limitation, adjusting any or all of the limitations under Section 5 of this
Plan) and (B) the terms of any outstanding Award, including, without limitation, (1) the number of Common Shares or other securities
of the Company (or number and kind of other securities or other property) subject to outstanding Awards or to which outstanding Awards
relate, (2) the Exercise Price or Strike Price with respect to any Award or (3) any applicable performance measures (including, without
limitation, Performance Criteria and Performance Goals). All adjustments shall be made in good faith compliance with Section 409A. 

13.
 Effect of Change in Control . Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, unless otherwise specifically prohibited under applicable
laws or by the rules and regulations of any governing governmental agencies or national securities exchanges, or unless the Committee
shall specify otherwise in the Award Agreement, the Committee is authorized (but not obligated) to make any of the following adjustments
(or any combination thereof) in the terms and conditions of outstanding Awards: (a) continuation or assumption of such outstanding Awards
under the Plan by the Company (if it is the surviving company or corporation) or by the surviving company or corporation or its parent;
(b) substitution by the surviving company or corporation or its parent of equity, equity-based and/or cash awards with substantially
the same terms for outstanding Awards (excluding the security deliverable upon settlement of the Awards), including, in the case of Options,
substitution by the surviving company or corporation or its parent of restricted stock or other equity, which may be subject to substantially
the same vesting and/or forfeiture terms as such Options, in an amount equal to the intrinsic value of such Options; (c) accelerated
exercisability, vesting and/or lapse of restrictions under outstanding Awards immediately prior to the occurrence of such event; (d)
upon written notice, provide that any outstanding Awards must be exercised, to the extent then exercisable, during a reasonable period
of time immediately prior to the scheduled consummation of the event or such other period as determined by the Committee (contingent
upon the consummation of the event), and at the end of such period, such Awards shall terminate to the extent not so exercised within
the relevant period; and (e) cancellation of all or any portion of outstanding Awards for fair value (in the form of cash, Common Shares,
other property or any combination thereof) as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee and which value may be zero; provided ,
 that , in the case of Options and Stock Appreciation Rights or similar Awards, (x) such fair value may equal the excess, if any,
of the value of the consideration to be paid in the Change in Control transaction to holders of the same number of Common Shares subject
to such Awards (or, if no such consideration is paid, the Fair Market Value of the Common Shares subject to such outstanding Awards or
portion thereof being canceled) over the aggregate Exercise Price or Strike Price, as applicable, with respect to such Awards or the
portion thereof being canceled (or if no such excess, zero), and (y) to the extent that the Options, Stock Appreciation Rights or similar
Awards are not then vested, such excess may be paid in restricted stock or other equity, which may be subject to substantially the same
vesting and/or forfeiture terms as such Options, Stock Appreciation Rights or similar awards, in an amount equal to the intrinsic value
of such Options, Stock Appreciation Rights or similar Awards. 

14.
 Amendments and Termination. 

(a)
 Amendment and Termination of this Plan . The Board may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue, or terminate this Plan or any
portion thereof at any time; provided , that (i) no amendment to the definition of Eligible Person in Section 2(q), Section 5(b),
Section 11(c) or Section 14(b) (to the extent required by the proviso in such Section 14(b)) shall be made without stockholder approval
and (ii) no such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuation or termination shall be made without stockholder approval if such
approval is necessary to comply with any tax or regulatory requirement applicable to this Plan (including, without limitation, as necessary
to comply with any rules or requirements of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the Common Shares
may be listed or quoted or to prevent the Company from being denied a tax deduction under Section 162(m) of the Code); and, provided,
further , that any such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance or termination that would materially and adversely affect
the rights of any Participant or any holder or beneficiary of any Award theretofore granted shall not to that extent be effective without
the prior written consent of the affected Participant, holder or beneficiary. 

(b)
 Amendment of Award Agreements . The Committee may, to the extent consistent with the terms of any applicable Award Agreement,
waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of, or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate, any Award theretofore
granted or the associated Award Agreement, prospectively or retroactively; provided, however that any such waiver, amendment,
alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of any Participant
with respect to any Award theretofore granted shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the affected Participant. 

(c)
 Prohibition on Repricing . Subject to Section 5, the Committee shall not, without the approval of the stockholders of the
Company (i) reduce the exercise price, or cancel and reissue options so as to in effect reduce the exercise price or (ii) change the
manner of determining the exercise price so that the exercise price is less than the fair market value per share of Common Stock. 

15.
 General . 

(a)
 Award Agreements . Each Award under this Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement, which shall be delivered to the
Participant (whether in paper or electronic medium (including email or the posting on a web site maintained by the Company or a third
party under contract with the Company)) and shall specify the terms and conditions of the Award and any rules applicable thereto, including
without limitation, the effect on such Award of the death, Disability or termination of employment or service of a Participant, or of
such other events as may be determined by the Committee. The Company s failure to specify any term of any Award in any particular
Award Agreement shall not invalidate such term, provided such terms was duly adopted by the Board or the Committee. 

(b)
 Nontransferability; Trading Restrictions . 

(i)
Each Award shall be exercisable only by a Participant during the Participant s lifetime, or, if permissible under applicable law,
by the Participant s legal guardian or representative. No Award may be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise
transferred or encumbered by a Participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and any such purported assignment,
alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance shall be void and unenforceable against the Company or an Affiliate; provided
that the designation of a beneficiary shall not constitute an assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance. 

(ii)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, permit Awards (other than Incentive Stock Options) to be transferred
by a Participant, with or without consideration, subject to such rules as the Committee may adopt consistent with any applicable Award
Agreement to preserve the purposes of this Plan, to: (A) any person who is a family member of the Participant, as such
term is used in the instructions to Form S-8 under the Securities Act (collectively, the Immediate Family Members );
(B) a trust solely for the benefit of the Participant and his or her Immediate Family Members; or (C) a partnership or limited liability
company whose only partners or stockholders are the Participant and his or her Immediate Family Members; or (D) any other transferee
as may be approved either (I) by the Board or the Committee in its sole discretion, or (II) as provided in the applicable Award Agreement
(each transferee described in clauses (A), (B), (C) and (D) above is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Transferee );
 provided , that the Participant gives the Committee advance written notice describing the terms and conditions of the proposed
transfer and the Committee notifies the Participant in writing that such a transfer would comply with the requirements of this Plan. 

(iii)
The terms of any Award transferred in accordance with subparagraph (ii) above shall apply to the Permitted Transferee and any reference
in this Plan, or in any applicable Award Agreement, to a Participant shall be deemed to refer to the Permitted Transferee, except that
(A) Permitted Transferees shall not be entitled to transfer any Award, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution; (B)
Permitted Transferees shall not be entitled to exercise any transferred Option unless there shall be in effect a registration statement
on an appropriate form covering the Common Shares to be acquired pursuant to the exercise of such Option if the Committee determines,
consistent with any applicable Award Agreement, that such a registration statement is necessary or appropriate; (C) the Committee or
the Company shall not be required to provide any notice to a Permitted Transferee, whether or not such notice is or would otherwise have
been required to be given to the Participant under this Plan or otherwise; and (D) the consequences of the termination of the Participant s
employment by, or services to, the Company or an Affiliate under the terms of this Plan and the applicable Award Agreement shall continue
to be applied with respect to the Participant, including, without limitation, that an Option shall be exercisable by the Permitted Transferee
only to the extent, and for the periods, specified in this Plan and the applicable Award Agreement. 

(iv)
The Committee shall have the right, either on an Award-by-Award basis or as a matter of policy for all Awards or one or more classes
of Awards, to condition the delivery of vested Common Shares received in connection with such Award on the Participant s agreement
to such restrictions as the Committee may determine. 

(c)
 Tax Withholding . 

(i)
A Participant shall be required to pay to the Company or any Affiliate, or the Company or any Affiliate shall have the right and is hereby
authorized to withhold, from any cash, Common Shares, other securities or other property deliverable under any Award or from any compensation
or other amounts owing to a Participant, the amount (in cash, Common Shares, other securities or other property) of any required withholding
taxes in respect of an Award, its exercise, or any payment or transfer under an Award or under this Plan and to take such other action
as may be necessary in the opinion of the Committee or the Company to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such withholding and
taxes. In addition, the Committee, in its discretion, may make arrangements mutually agreeable with a Participant who is not an employee
of the Company or an Affiliate to facilitate the payment of applicable income and self-employment taxes. 

(ii)
Without limiting the generality of clause (i) above, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, permit a Participant to satisfy, in whole
or in part, the foregoing withholding liability by (A) the delivery of Common Shares (which are not subject to any pledge or other security
interest) owned by the Participant having a fair market value equal to such withholding liability or (B) having the Company withhold
from the number of Common Shares otherwise issuable or deliverable pursuant to the exercise or settlement of the Award a number of shares
with a fair market value equal to such withholding liability (but no more than the minimum required statutory withholding liability). 

(d)
 No Claim to Awards; No Rights to Continued Employment; Waiver . No employee of the Company or an Affiliate, or other person,
shall have any claim or right to be granted an Award under this Plan or, having been selected for the grant of an Award, to be selected
for a grant of any other Award. There is no obligation for uniformity of treatment of Participants or holders or beneficiaries of Awards.
The terms and conditions of Awards and the Committee s determinations and interpretations with respect thereto need not be the
same with respect to each Participant and may be made selectively among Participants, whether or not such Participants are similarly
situated. Neither this Plan nor any action taken hereunder shall be construed as giving any Participant any right to be retained in the
employ or service of the Company or an Affiliate, nor shall it be construed as giving any Participant any rights to continued service
on the Board. The Company or any of its Affiliates may at any time dismiss a Participant from employment or discontinue any consulting
relationship, free from any liability or any claim under this Plan, unless otherwise expressly provided in this Plan or any Award Agreement.
By accepting an Award under this Plan, a Participant shall thereby be deemed to have waived any claim to continued exercise or vesting
of an Award or to damages or severance entitlement related to non-continuation of the Award beyond the period provided under this Plan
or any Award Agreement, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in any written employment contract or other agreement between the
Company and its Affiliates and the Participant, whether any such agreement is executed before, on or after the Date of Grant. 

(e)
 International Participants . With respect to Participants who reside or work outside of the United States of America and
who are not (and who are not expected to be) covered employees within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, the Committee
may in its sole discretion amend the terms of this Plan or outstanding Awards (or establish a sub-plan) with respect to such Participants
in order to conform such terms with the requirements of local law or to obtain more favorable tax or other treatment for such Participants,
the Company or its Affiliates. 

(f)
 Designation and Change of Beneficiary . Each Participant may file with the Committee a written designation of one or more
persons as the beneficiary(ies) who shall be entitled to receive the amounts payable with respect to an Award, if any, due under this
Plan upon his or her death. A Participant may, from time to time, revoke or change his or her beneficiary designation without the consent
of any prior beneficiary by filing a new designation with the Committee. The last such designation filed with the Committee shall be
controlling; provided, however , that no designation, or change or revocation thereof, shall be effective unless received by the
Committee prior to the Participant s death, and in no event shall it be effective as of a date prior to such receipt. If no beneficiary
designation is filed by a Participant, the beneficiary shall be deemed to be his or her spouse or, if the Participant is unmarried at
the time of death, his or her estate. Upon the occurrence of a Participant s divorce (as evidenced by a final order or decree of
divorce), any spousal designation previously given by such Participant shall automatically terminate. 

(g)
 Termination of Employment/Service . Unless determined otherwise by the Committee at any point following such event: (i)
neither a temporary absence from employment or service due to illness, vacation or leave of absence nor a transfer from employment or
service with the Company to employment or service with an Affiliate (or vice-versa) shall be considered a termination of employment or
service with the Company or an Affiliate; and (ii) if a Participant s employment with the Company and its Affiliates terminates,
but such Participant continues to provide services to the Company and its Affiliates in a non-employee capacity (or vice-versa), such
change in status shall not be considered a termination of employment with the Company or an Affiliate for purposes of this Plan unless
the Committee, in its discretion, determines otherwise. 

(h)
 No Rights as a Stockholder . Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Plan or any Award Agreement, no person shall
be entitled to the privileges of ownership in respect of Common Shares that are subject to Awards hereunder until such shares have been
issued or delivered to that person. 

(i)
 Government and Other Regulations . 

(i)
The obligation of the Company to settle Awards in Common Shares or other consideration shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules,
and regulations, and to such approvals by governmental agencies as may be required. Notwithstanding any terms or conditions of any Award
to the contrary, the Company shall be under no obligation to offer to sell or to sell, and shall be prohibited from offering to sell
or selling, any Common Shares pursuant to an Award unless such shares have been properly registered for sale pursuant to the Securities
Act with the Securities and Exchange Commission or unless the Company has received an opinion of counsel, satisfactory to the Company,
that such shares may be offered or sold without such registration pursuant to an available exemption therefrom and the terms and conditions
of such exemption have been fully complied with. The Company shall be under no obligation to register for sale under the Securities Act
any of the Common Shares to be offered or sold under this Plan. The Committee shall have the authority to provide that all certificates
for Common Shares or other securities of the Company or any Affiliate delivered under this Plan shall be subject to such stop transfer
orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under this Plan, the applicable Award Agreement, the federal securities
laws, or the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any securities exchange or inter-dealer
quotation system upon which such shares or other securities are then listed or quoted and any other applicable federal, state, local
or non-U.S. laws, and, without limiting the generality of Section 9 of this Plan, the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be put
on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. Notwithstanding any provision in this Plan to the contrary,
the Committee reserves the right to add any additional terms or provisions to any Award granted under this Plan that it in its sole discretion
deems necessary or advisable in order that such Award complies with the legal requirements of any governmental entity to whose jurisdiction
the Award is subject. 

(ii)
The Committee may cancel an Award or any portion thereof if it determines, in its sole discretion, that legal or contractual restrictions
and/or blockage and/or other market considerations would make the Company s acquisition of Common Shares from the public markets,
the Company s issuance of Common Shares to the Participant, the Participant s acquisition of Common Shares from the Company
and/or the Participant s sale of Common Shares to the public markets, illegal, impracticable or inadvisable. If the Committee determines
to cancel all or any portion of an Award in accordance with the foregoing, unless doing so would violate Section 409A, the Company shall
pay to the Participant an amount equal to the excess of (A) the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Common Shares subject to such Award
or portion thereof canceled (determined as of the applicable exercise date, or the date that the shares would have been vested or delivered,
as applicable), over (B) the aggregate Exercise Price or Strike Price (in the case of an Option or SAR, respectively) or any amount payable
as a condition of delivery of Common Shares (in the case of any other Award). Such amount shall be delivered to the Participant as soon
as practicable following the cancellation of such Award or portion thereof. The Committee shall have the discretion to consider and take
action to mitigate the tax consequence to the Participant in cancelling an Award in accordance with this clause. 

(j)
 Payments to Persons Other Than Participants . If the Committee shall find that any person to whom any amount is payable
under this Plan is unable to care for his affairs because of illness or accident, or is a minor, or has died, then any payment due to
such person or his estate (unless a prior claim therefor has been made by a duly appointed legal representative) may, if the Committee
so directs the Company, be paid to his spouse, child, relative, an institution maintaining or having custody of such person, or any other
person deemed by the Committee to be a proper recipient on behalf of such person otherwise entitled to payment. Any such payment shall
be a complete discharge of the liability of the Committee and the Company therefor. 

(k)
 Nonexclusivity of this Plan . Neither the adoption of this Plan by the Board nor the submission of this Plan to the stockholders
of the Company for approval shall be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such other incentive arrangements
as it may deem desirable, including, without limitation, the granting of stock options or other equity-based awards otherwise than under
this Plan, and such arrangements may be either applicable generally or only in specific cases. 

(l)
 No Trust or Fund Created . Neither this Plan nor any Award shall create or be construed to create a trust or separate fund
of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between the Company or any Affiliate, on the one hand, and a Participant or other person or entity,
on the other hand. No provision of this Plan or any Award shall require the Company, for the purpose of satisfying any obligations under
this Plan, to purchase assets or place any assets in a trust or other entity to which contributions are made or otherwise to segregate
any assets, nor shall the Company maintain separate bank accounts, books, records or other evidence of the existence of a segregated
or separately maintained or administered fund for such purposes. Participants shall have no rights under this Plan other than as general
unsecured creditors of the Company, except that insofar as they may have become entitled to payment of additional compensation by performance
of services, they shall have the same rights as other employees under general law. 

(m)
 Reliance on Reports . Each member of the Committee and each member of the Board shall be fully justified in acting or failing
to act, as the case may be, and shall not be liable for having so acted or failed to act in good faith, in reliance upon any report made
by the independent public accountant of the Company and/or its Affiliates and/or any other information furnished in connection with this
Plan by any agent of the Company or the Committee or the Board, other than himself. 

(n)
 Relationship to Other Benefits . No payment under this Plan shall be taken into account in determining any benefits under
any pension, retirement, profit sharing, group insurance or other benefit plan of the Company except as otherwise specifically provided
in such other plan. 

(o)
 Governing Law . The Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada,
without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions. 

(p)
 Severability . If any provision of this Plan or any Award or Award Agreement is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal,
or unenforceable in any jurisdiction or as to any person or entity or Award, or would disqualify this Plan or any Award under any law
deemed applicable by the Committee, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to the applicable laws in the manner
that most closely reflects the original intent of the Award or the Plan, or if it cannot be construed or deemed amended without, in the
determination of the Committee, materially altering the intent of this Plan or the Award, such provision shall be construed or deemed
stricken as to such jurisdiction, person or entity or Award and the remainder of this Plan and any such Award shall remain in full force
and effect. 

(q)
 Obligations Binding on Successors . The obligations of the Company under this Plan shall be binding upon any successor corporation
or organization resulting from the merger, amalgamation, consolidation or other reorganization of the Company, or upon any successor
corporation or organization succeeding to substantially all of the assets and business of the Company. 

(r)
 Code Section 162(m) Approval . If so determined by the Committee, the provisions of this Plan regarding Performance Compensation
Awards shall be disclosed and reapproved by stockholders no later than the first stockholder meeting that occurs in the fifth year following
the year in which stockholders previously approved such provisions, in each case in order for certain Awards granted after such time
to be exempt from the deduction limitations of Section 162(m) of the Code. Nothing in this clause, however, shall affect the validity
of Awards granted after such time if such stockholder approval has not been obtained. 

(s)
 Expenses; Gender; Titles and Headings . The expenses of administering this Plan shall be borne by the Company and its Affiliates.
Masculine pronouns and other words of masculine gender shall refer to both men and women. The titles and headings of the sections in
this Plan are for convenience of reference only, and in the event of any conflict, the text of this Plan, rather than such titles or
headings shall control. 

(t)
 Other Agreements . Notwithstanding the above, the Committee may require, as a condition to the grant of and/or the receipt
of Common Shares under an Award, that the Participant execute lock-up, stockholder or other agreements, as it may determine in its sole
and absolute discretion. 

(u)
 Section 409A . The Plan and all Awards granted hereunder are intended to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, the requirements
of Section 409A. The Plan and all Awards granted under this Plan shall be administered, interpreted, and construed in a manner consistent
with Section 409A to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of additional taxes under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code. In no
event shall the Company or any of its Affiliates be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on a Participant
under Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any contrary provision in the Plan or Award
Agreement, any payment(s) of nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A) that are otherwise required to be
made under the Plan to a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 1.409A-1(i) of the Treasury Regulations) as
a result of his or her separation from service (other than a payment that is not subject to Section 409A) shall be delayed for the first
six months following such separation from service (or, if earlier, until the date of death of the specified employee) and shall instead
be paid (in a manner set forth in the Award Agreement) on the day that immediately follows the end of such six-month period or as soon
as administratively practicable thereafter. Any remaining payments of nonqualified deferred compensation shall be paid without delay
and at the time or times such payments are otherwise scheduled to be made. A termination of employment or service shall not be deemed
to have occurred for purposes of any provision of the Plan or any Award Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits
that are considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A upon or following a termination of employment or service, unless
such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A and the payment thereof prior to
a separation from service would violate Section 409A. For purposes of any such provision of the Plan or any Award Agreement
relating to any such payments or benefits, references to a termination, termination of employment, termination
of service, or like terms shall mean separation from service. 

(v)
 Payments . Participants shall be required to pay, to the extent required by applicable law, any amounts required to receive
Common Shares under any Award made under this Plan. 

</EX-4.8>

<EX-4.9>
 3
 ex4-9.htm

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S
SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURUSANT TO
SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,
AS AMENDED 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

Exhibit 4.9 

As
of December 31, 2022, Muscle Maker, Inc. we, our, us or the Company had one
class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ):
its common stock with a par value of 0.0001 per share Common Stock ). 

General 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 50,000,000 shares of common stock, par value of 0.0001. The following descriptions of our capital
stock and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws are summaries and are qualified by reference to the fourth
amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws. 

Common
Stock 

Voting
Rights 

Each
outstanding share of common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Holders of shares of our
common stock shall have no cumulative voting rights. Except in respect of matters relating to the election and removal of directors on
our board of directors and as otherwise provided in our articles of incorporation or required by law, all matters to be voted on by our
stockholders must be approved by a majority of the shares present in person or by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject
matter. In the case of election of directors, all matters to be voted on by our stockholders must be approved by a plurality of the voting
power of the shares present in person or by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. 

Liquidation 

In
the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our Company, holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in
the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities. 

Rights
and Preferences 

Holders
of our common stock have no preemptive, conversion, subscription or other rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions
applicable to our common stock. 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Our
articles of incorporation and bylaws contain certain provisions that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another
party from acquiring control of us. These provisions, which are summarized below, could discourage takeovers, coercive or otherwise.
These provisions are also designed, in part, to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our board
of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited
acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire us. 

Authorized
but Unissued Capital Stock 

We
have authorized but unissued shares of common stock. These shares could be used by our board of directors to make it more difficult or
to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us through a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. 

Limits
on Stockholder Action to Call a Special Meeting 

Our
bylaws will provide that special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the whole board,
chairperson of the board, the chief executive officer or our board of directors. A stockholder may not call a special meeting, which
may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or for holders controlling a majority of our capital stock
to take any action, including the removal of directors. 

Requirements
for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations and Proposals 

Our
bylaws will establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as
directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of our board of directors or a committee of the board of directors. These
may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the proper procedures are not followed and may also
discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect our own slate of directors or otherwise attempt
to obtain control of our Company. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification Matters 

Our
articles of incorporation contains provisions that limit the liability of our directors for monetary damages to the fullest extent permitted
by Nevada law. Consequently, our directors will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for any breach
of fiduciary duties as directors, except liability for: 

any
 breach of the director s duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders; 

any
 act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; and 

any
 transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. 

Our
articles of incorporation and bylaws provide that we are required to indemnify our directors and officers, in each case to the fullest
extent permitted by Nevada law. Our amended and restated bylaws also will provide that we are obligated to advance expenses incurred
by a director or officer in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding, and permit us to secure insurance on behalf
of any officer, director, employee or other agent for any liability arising out of his or her actions in that capacity regardless of
whether we would otherwise be permitted to indemnify him or her under the provisions of Nevada law. We have entered and expect to continue
to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by our board of directors.
With specified exceptions, these agreements provide for indemnification for related expenses including, among other things, attorneys 
fees, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any of these individuals in any action or proceeding. We believe that these
bylaw provisions and indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. We also
maintain directors and officers liability insurance. 

The
limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing
a lawsuit against our directors and officers for breach of their fiduciary duty. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation
against our directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and other stockholders. Further, a stockholder s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers
as required by these indemnification provisions. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act, may be
permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised
that, in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. At present, there is no pending litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors, officers
or employees for which indemnification is sought, and we are not aware of any threatened litigation that may result in claims for indemnification. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

Computershare,
Inc. is our transfer agent and registrar. Its address is 462 South 4 th Street, Suite 1600, Louisville, KY 40202, and its telephone
number is 1-877-373-6374. 

NASDAQ
Capital Market Listing 

Our
common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol GRIL. 

</EX-4.9>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex21-1.htm

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 Exhibit 21.1 

Muscle
Maker, Inc. serves as a holding company of the following subsidiaries: 

Muscle
 Maker Development, LLC, a directly wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Nevada on July 18, 2019 for the purpose of running
 our existing franchise operations and continuing to franchise the Muscle Maker Grill name and business system to qualified franchisees. 

Muscle
 Maker Corp. LLC, a directly wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Nevada on July 18, 2019 for the purposes of developing new
 corporate stores and to also operate these new and existing corporate restaurants. 

MMG
 Ft. Bliss, Inc, a wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Texas on January 28, 2016 to run a Company-owned restaurant. 

MMG
 Tribeca, Inc, a wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in New Jersey on July 21, 2026 to run a Company-owned restaurant. 

Muscle
 Maker USA, Inc., a directly wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Texas on March 14, 2019 for the purpose of holding specific
 assets related to a company financing arrangement. 

Muscle
 Maker Development International. LLC, a directly wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Nevada on November 13, 2020 to franchise
 the Muscle Maker Grill name and business system to qualified franchisees internationally. 

SuperFit
 Foods, LLC, a directly wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Nevada on February 23, 2021 for the purpose of running our subscription
 based fresh-prepared meal prep business located in Jacksonville, Florida. 

TNB
 Holdings LLC, a directly wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Connecticut for the purpose of running our existing Company-owned
 location. 

Pokemoto
 LLC, a directly wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Nevada on August 19, 2021 to serve as a holding Company of the following
 subsidiaries. 

TNB
 Holdings II LLC, a directly wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Connecticut for the purpose of running our existing Company-owned
 location. 

LB
 Holdings LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Connecticut for the purpose of running our existing Company-owned location. 

GLL
 Enterprises LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Connecticut for the purpose of running our existing Company-owned
 location. 

PKM
 Stamford LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Connecticut for the purpose of running our existing Company-owned location. 

Poke
 Co LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Connecticut for the purpose of running our existing Company-owned location. 

Pokemoto
 Orange Park LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Nevada on March 31, 2022 for the purpose of running Company-owned
 locations. 

Pokemoto
 Kansas LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Nevada on July 28, 2022 for the purpose of running Company-owned locations. 

Poke
 Co Holdings LLC, a directly wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Connecticut on July 18, 2018 to franchise the Pokemoto name
 and business system to qualified franchisees. 

Sadot
LLC, a directly wholly owned subsidiary, which was formed in Delaware on October 19, 2022 to participate in activities such as sourcing,
distributing and production of agriculture products. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-255700 and 333-261497) of Muscle
Maker, Inc. and Subsidiaries of our report dated March 21, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements as of and for the
year ended December 31, 2022, which appear in this Form 10-K. 

/s/
Kreit Chiu CPA LLP 

 (formerly
Paris, Kreit Chiu CPA LLP) 

New
York, NY 

 March
21, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

CERTIFICATION
 OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Exhibit
 31.1 

PURSUANT
 TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

THE
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Michael J. Roper, certify that: 

1.
 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Muscle Maker, Inc.; 

2.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this
 report; 

4.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d)
 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b)
 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/
 Michael J. Roper 

Michael
 J. Roper 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Secretary 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

March
 21, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

CERTIFICATION
 OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Exhibit
 31.2 

PURSUANT
 TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

THE
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Jennifer Black, certify that: 

1.
 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Muscle Maker, Inc, Inc.; 

2.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this
 report; 

4.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d)
 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b)
 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/
 Jennifer Black 

Jennifer
 Black 

Chief
Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

March
 21, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

CERTIFICATION
 OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Exhibit
 32.1 

PURSUANT
 TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

THE
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report of Muscle Maker, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael J. Roper, Chief Executive
Officer and Secretary of the Company, certifies to the best of his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.
 
 the
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
 
 The
 information contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material respects,
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/
 Michael J. Roper 

Michael
 J. Roper 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Secretary 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

March
 21, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex32-2.htm

CERTIFICATION
 OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Exhibit
 32.2 

PURSUANT
 TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

DESCRIPTION
 OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

REGISTERED
 PURUSANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 

THE
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report of Muscle Maker, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Jennifer Black, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certifies to the best of her knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1.
 
 the
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
 
 The
 information contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material respects,
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/
 Jennifer Black 

Jennifer
 Black 

Chief
Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

March 21, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 gril-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 gril-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 gril-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 gril-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

