<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1468910_0001829126-23-002490.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8124314</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>215304</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>949270</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3231970</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1745803</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1753849</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-23-002490.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331150551
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-23-002490
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001468910
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54028
		FILM NUMBER:		23786903

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MILLBURN RIDGEFIELD CORPORATION
		STREET 2:		411 WEST PUTNAM AVENUE
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06830
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-625-8211

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MILLBURN RIDGEFIELD CORPORATION
		STREET 2:		411 WEST PUTNAM AVENUE
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06830

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-23-002490.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 millburnmulti_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) 

 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended: , 2022 

or 

Transition
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) 

 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 none 
 none 
 none 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the
Act: 
 Limited Partnership Interests 

(Title
of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

Not
applicable. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference 

PART
I 

Item
 1. Business 

(a) General
development of business 

Millburn
Multi-Markets Fund L.P. (the Partnership is a limited partnership organized September 8, 2008 under the Delaware
Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act. The Partnership commenced operations on August 1, 2009. The Partnership is required,
pursuant to its Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement (the Limited Partnership Agreement ), to
invest all of its assets in Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. (the Master Fund ), a Delaware limited partnership
that began trading on October 20, 2004. The Partnership is one of a number of investors in the Master Fund. As of December 31,
2022, the Partnership s partnership percentage in the Master Fund was approximately 31.44 of total partners capital
of the Master Fund. The general partner and trading advisor of the Partnership and the Master Fund is Millburn Ridgefield Corporation,
a Delaware corporation operating in New York, New York (the General Partner ). 

The
Master Fund s business is trading a diversified portfolio of futures, forward, swap, spot and option contracts on currencies,
metals, interest rate instruments, stock indices, energy and agricultural commodities. The Master Fund may also, to a limited
extent, invest in equities, equity baskets, instruments related to equities, exchange traded funds or notes. The General Partner
invests globally pursuant to its proprietary quantitative and systematic trading methodology, based upon signals generated from
an analysis of a range of quantitative data. Approximately 20 -30 of the Master Fund s trading, measured by the General
Partner s assessment of risk, currently takes place in the currency markets. 

The
General Partner conducts and manages the business of the Partnership and the Master Fund. The Master Fund serves as a master fund
for a non-U.S. investment vehicle managed by the General Partner and also permits direct investment by persons qualified to so
invest, including qualified General Partner employees. 

The
General Partner was organized in May 1982 to manage discretionary accounts in futures and forward markets. It and its principals
have been trading in the futures and forwards markets pursuant to systematic quantitative, trading and risk management methods
since 1971. The General Partner has been registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC as
a commodity pool operator CPO since July 1, 1982, as a commodity trading advisor CTA since
September 13, 1984 and has been a member of the National Futures Association (the NFA since July 1, 1982.
The General Partner has been an approved swaps firm with the NFA since December 26, 2012. The General Partner conducts all
trading and investment activities through the Master Fund. The Millburn Corporation, a former affiliate of the General Partner,
that, prior to January 1, 2019, performed research, trading, technology, operations, marketing, accounting, tax, legal, compliance,
human resources, and other administrative functions for the Partnership and the Master Fund and other commodity pools and investment
partnerships managed by the General Partner, merged with and into the General Partner on December 31, 2018, and the General
Partner now performs the functions formerly performed by The Millburn Corporation. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the aggregate net asset value of the Partnership was 143,276,896 and the aggregate net asset value
of the Master Fund was 455,720,190. The net asset value of a Series A Unit originally sold for 1,000.00 as of August 1,
2009 was 1,318.83 as of December 31, 2022. The net asset value of a Series B Unit originally sold for 1,000.00 as of August 1,
2009 was 1,616.59 as of December 31, 2022. The net asset value of a Series C Unit originally sold for 1,000.00 as of August 1,
2009 was 1,649.39 as of December 31, 2022. The net asset value of a Series D Unit originally sold for 1,331.20 as of November 1,
2017 was 1,524.86 as of December 31, 2022. In each case, these are based on the actual rate of return a limited partner s
investment in the Partnership would have recognized, net of the highest charges applicable to a limited partner, during each month
in the calculation period from August 1, 2009 to December 31, 2022. 

The
Partnership s and the Master Fund s fiscal year ends on December 31 of each calendar year. 

The
Partnership will terminate upon the prior withdrawal, insolvency, bankruptcy or dissolution of the General Partner or occurrence
of any event legally requiring termination. 

The
Partnership is not a registered investment company or mutual fund. Accordingly, investors in the Partnership do not have the protections
afforded by the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

1 

(c) Description
of business 

The
Partnership, through the Master Fund, engages in the speculative trading of futures, forward and spot contracts and may trade
options thereon as well as swap contracts. The Master Fund s sole trading advisor is the General Partner. The Master Fund
trades in the agricultural, metals, energy, interest rate and stock indices futures markets and in the currency markets, trading
primarily forward contracts in the interbank market. The Master Fund may also, to a limited extent, invest in equities, equity
baskets, instruments related to equities, exchange traded funds or notes. The General Partner makes its systematically-based trading
decisions pursuant to its investment and trading methodology, based on signals generated from an analysis of a range of quantitative
data, as well as certain money management principles, each of which may be revised from time to time. The objective of the General
Partner s investment and trading methods is to consider these multiple data inputs, or factors, in order to
arrive at relatively near-term forecasts for each traded instrument and take appropriate risk-managed positions. These factors
include price data, but also a range of price derivative and non-price data. Trades generated by quantitative models may be profitable
or unprofitable. Since the General Partner is well aware that many trades will ultimately lose money, its objective is to generate
more frequent and/or larger profitable trades than losing trades. During periods in which market behavior differs significantly
from that analyzed to build the models, or periods where data inputs important to predicting price movements were not included
in those analyzed to build the models, substantial losses are possible, and even likely. 

The
General Partner is engaged in an ongoing research effort to improve its investment and trading methods and to apply its quantitative
analytic expertise to new financial products, markets and instruments. 

Successful
systematic trading depends on several elements. Two of the main elements are the development and selection of the trading systems
used in each market and the allocation of portfolio risk among the markets available for trading. 

Market
environments change over time, and particular systems may perform well in one environment but poorly in another. Likewise, market
sectors and individual markets go through periods where systematic trading is profitable and other periods where no system is
able to generate any profits. 

The
goal of the General Partner s research has been to develop and select a mix of systems in each market and to allocate risk
across a wide array of markets, so as to contain overall portfolio risk within a targeted range, while allowing exposure to profitable
opportunities. 

Over
approximately 52 years, the General Partner and its predecessor entities have developed hundreds of trading systems. These trading
systems generate buy or sell decisions in a particular market based on the analysis of a range of quantitative data, and the interactions
of such data, in the particular market or in markets in general. 

Of
course, systems can be materially different better in some periods and worse in others. Some of the main distinguishing
characteristics include: the time frame over which systems work e . g ., intra-day to long-term); the granularity
of data fed into them e . g ., tick data to daily, weekly or monthly frequencies) the amount of historical data used
to learn the market structure; the statistical methods used to make forecasts; the type of data e . g ., price, price-derivative,
fundamental and other quantitative data); and the source of data e . g ., cash, futures, forwards, option or equity
markets-generated data or government-, and industry- or company-generated statistical information). No single system will work
all the time. Therefore, the General Partner s objective is to have several systems operating in conjunction with one another. 

When
arriving at the portfolio allocation, the General Partner generally seeks maximum diversification, subject to liquidity and sector
concentration constraints, the mandate of the strategy, and the General Partner s judgement and experience. Each instrument
is traded using a diversified set of systems, which may be optimized for groups of markets, sectors or specific markets. The markets
traded and allocations are reviewed at least monthly, although changes may occur more or less frequently. The following factors,
among others, are considered in constructing a universe of markets to trade for the Master Fund: profitability, market liquidity,
professional judgment, desired diversification, transaction costs, and exchange and other regulations. The current allocation
to any market in the Master Fund s portfolio does not exceed 3.0 of total market exposure, measured by risk allocation.
These allocation levels may be exceeded in the future at the discretion of the General Partner. 

2 

Risk
is a function of both price level and price volatility. For example, for any given level of volatility, a 100,000 barrel crude
oil position is worth more and is, therefore, probably more risky with oil at 90 per barrel than with oil at 50 per barrel.
Similarly, oil would be more risky if prices are moving in a 5 daily range than if prices are moving in a 1 daily range. The
General Partner sizes the position in each market taking into account its measurement of risk based on price level and volatility
in that market. Market exposure is then managed by the position-sizing models which measure the risk in the portfolio s
position in each market. In the event the model determines that the risk has changed beyond an acceptable threshold, it will signal
a change in the position a decrease in position size when risk increases and an increase in position size when risk decreases.
The General Partner s position-sizing models seek to maintain overall portfolio risk and distribution of risk across markets
within designated ranges. The position-sizing model manages the position traded in the aggregate through the combination of the
(directional) trading systems discussed above. 

In
addition, the General Partner s risk management processes focus on money management principles applicable to the portfolio
as a whole and also to individual markets. The first principle is portfolio diversification, which attempts to improve the quality
of profits by reducing volatility. 

Additional
money management principles applicable to the portfolio as a whole include: (1) limiting the assets committed as margin or collateral,
generally within a range of 5 to 35 of an account s net assets, though the amount may at any time be substantially higher
or lower and (2) prohibiting pyramiding that is, using unrealized profits in a particular market as margin for additional
positions solely in the same market. 

Another
important risk management function is the careful control of leverage or total portfolio exposure. Leverage levels are determined
by simulating the entire portfolio all markets, all systems, all risk control models, the exact weightings of the markets
in the portfolio and the proposed level of leverage over multiple years to determine the portfolio s simulated risk
and return characteristics as well as the simulated worst-case drawdown experienced by the portfolio in the simulation period.
The simulated worst-case drawdown, or peak-to-trough drawdown, is measured from a daily high in portfolio assets to the subsequent
daily low whether that occurs days, weeks or months after the daily high. If the General Partner considers this simulated drawdown
too severe or the portfolio s simulated volatility too high, it can set the leverage or level of the actual portfolio accordingly
so as to reduce the total portfolio exposure. There are, however, no restrictions on the amount of leverage the Master Fund may
use at any given time. 

Decisions
whether to trade a particular market require the exercise of judgment. The decision not to trade certain markets for certain periods,
or to reduce the size of a position in a particular market, may result at times in missing significant profit opportunities. 

The
General Partner s discretion and expertise in the execution of trades plays a role in timing of orders and, from time to
time, the General Partner may adjust the size of a position, long or short, in any given market indicated by its systematic trading
strategies. This exercise of discretion (other than in trade execution) has historically been very rare and would generally occur
only in response to unusual market conditions that may not have been factored into the design of the trading systems. Such adjustments
would be done with the intention of reducing risk exposures as opposed to seeking additional risk. Decisions to make such adjustments
also require the exercise of judgment and may include consideration of the volatility of the particular market; the pattern of
price movements, both inter-day and intra-day; open interest; volume of trading; changes in spread relationships between various
forward contracts; and overall portfolio balance and risk exposure. 

The
Partnership s units of limited partnership interest Units are issued in four series: Series A, Series B,
Series C and Series D (each, a Series ). The sole differences among the Series are the fees applicable to each Series,
and the series designation is an administrative, not a legal, distinction. All Partnership fees and expenses, including
those described below, are borne by the Partnership and are paid on behalf of, and allocated to, the Partnership at the Master
Fund level. All such fees and expenses paid at the Master Fund level are borne indirectly by limited partners as investors in
the Partnership, but only to the extent those fees and expenses are properly allocable to such limited partners, pro rata 
on a Series-by-Series basis, as described herein. 

The
Partnership bears all of its own direct expenses, including, but not limited to, any taxes to which the Partnership is subject,
regulatory fees, and interest charges. 

3 

Series
A, Series B, Series C and Series D Units are issued in order to account for different selling commissions and registered investment
adviser RIA platform fees, if any, applicable to each Series. Other than with respect to such selling commissions,
RIA platform fees and the Profit Share calculation (described below), the Series are subject to the same fees, expenses and other
terms of the Partnership and share in the profits and losses of the Partnership on a pro rata basis. 

Series
A Units are subject to an ongoing compensation charge to be paid to selling agents selling Units Selling Agents equal to 1/12 of 2 based on the month-end net asset value of such Series investment in the Master Fund prior to reduction
for any redemptions, distributions, Management Fees (as defined below), any accrued Profit Share (as defined below) and the amounts
payable to the Selling Agents then being calculated (a 2 annual rate). 

Series
B and C Units are not subject to any fees or ongoing compensation to Selling Agents. 

Series
D Units are subject to an ongoing compensation charge to be paid to Selling Agents equal to 1/12 of 0.75 based on the month-end
net asset value of such Series investment in the Master Fund prior to reduction for any redemptions, distributions, Management
Fees, any accrued Profit Share and the amounts payable to the Selling Agents then being calculated (a 0.75 annual rate). 

The
General Partner receives from the Master Fund a monthly Management Fee in respect of each Series investment
in the Master Fund, in an amount equal to 1/12 of 1.75 of the net asset value of such Series investment in the Master
Fund as of each month-end prior to reduction for any redemptions, distributions, any amounts payable to Selling Agents, any accrued
Profit Share or the Management Fee then being calculated (a 1.75 annual rate), prorated for partial months. 

The
General Partner s Profit Share is calculated separately as of the end of a fiscal year, with respect to (i)
Series A Units (the Series A Profit Share ), (ii) Series B and Series C Units in the aggregate (the Series
B/C Profit Share and (iii) Series D Units (the Series D Profit Share ). The Series A Profit Share and Series
D Profit Share equal 20 of any increase in Series A trading profits and Series D trading profits, respectively, over the previous
high point in trading profits as of a date on which a Profit Share was paid with respect to Series A or Series D, respectively
(or 0 if no Profit Share has been paid with respect to such Units). The Series B/C Profit Share equals 20 of any increase in
aggregate trading profits attributable to Series B and Series C over the previous high point in such trading profits as of a date
on which a Profit Share was paid with respect to Series B and Series C (or 0 if no Profit Share has been paid with respect to
such Units). 

The
General Partner s Profit Share with respect to withdrawals made from the Master Fund as a result of redemptions of Units
as of a month-end other than a fiscal year-end are computed and a corresponding allocation made to the General Partner as though
the month-end were a fiscal year-end. 

The
Partnership bears its pro rata share of all of the Master Fund s expenses, including, but not limited to, all expenses
that the General Partner reasonably determines to be incurred in connection with the Master Fund s investment activities,
including brokerage commissions and electronic platform trading costs; any taxes to which the Master Fund is subject; regulatory
fees; and interest charges. 

A
capital account will be established for each Unit and for the General Partner, and its initial balance is the amount of the initial
price of such Unit and the initial capital contribution of the General Partner, respectively. The net assets of the Partnership
are determined monthly, and any increase or decrease from the end of the preceding month is added to or subtracted from the accounts
in the ratio that each account bears to all accounts. 

In
connection with the Master Fund s futures trading, the Master Fund currently executes and clears transactions through Deutsche
Bank Securities Inc. Deutsche Bank ), BofA Securities Inc. BofA and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC GS Co ), each a registered futures commission merchant, but may use other futures commission merchants or cease
using any particular futures commission merchant at any time in the General Partner s discretion. The Master Fund also currently
engages in currency forward trading with Deutsche Bank AG and Bank of America, N.A., which serve as the Master Fund s prime
brokers for such transactions, but may utilize the services of additional prime brokers or engage in such trading with other banks
and dealers as well. At this time, the Master Fund clears its currency forward trades with Deutsche Bank AG and Bank of America,
N.A. The Master Fund pays bid ask spreads on its forward trades, as such spreads are incorporated into the pricing
of forward contracts. The General Partner monitors the Master Fund s trades to ensure that the prices it receives are competitive. 

4 

The
General Partner estimates that 90 or more of the Master Fund s assets, including the assets used to satisfy margin and
collateral requirements, will be invested in U.S. government securities or securities issued by federal agencies (or, to a limited
extent, foreign government securities in connection with trading on non-U.S. exchanges), other CFTC-authorized investments and
certain other money market instruments e.g ., bankers acceptances and Eurodollar or other time deposits). All interest
earned on such securities or other obligations purchased with Master Fund assets will accrue to the Master Fund. The balance of
the Master Fund s assets will be held in cash in commodity brokerage accounts, bank accounts or other accounts in the name
of the Master Fund and will be used for trading which requires cash for margin and to avoid daily buying and selling of government
securities. Neither the Partnership nor the Master Fund will make any loans; provided, however, that the Partnership and the Master
Fund may purchase CFTC-authorized investments, including debt instruments, as described above. The General Partner will not commingle
the property of the Partnership or the Master Fund with the property of any other person or entity (the deposit of Partnership
or Master Fund assets with banks, brokers and dealers for margin, collateral or otherwise not being deemed a prohibited commingling). 

The
Partnership does not engage in lending (other than through permitted securities investments). 

Regulation 

Under
the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the CEA ), commodity exchanges and futures trading are subject to regulation
by the CFTC. NFA, a registered futures association under the CEA, is the only non-exchange self-regulatory organization
for futures industry professionals. The CFTC has delegated to the NFA responsibility for the registration of CTAs, CPOs, futures
commission merchants, introducing brokers, swap dealers and their respective associated persons
and floor brokers and floor traders. The CEA requires CPOs and CTAs, such as the General Partner,
and commodity brokers or futures commission merchants and swap dealers, such as Deutsche Bank, Deutsche Bank AG, BofA, Bank of
America, N.A. and GS Co to be registered and to comply with various reporting and record keeping requirements. The CFTC may
suspend a CPO s or CTA s registration if it finds that its trading practices tend to disrupt orderly market conditions
or in certain other situations. In the event that the registration of the General Partner as a CPO or a CTA were terminated or
suspended, the General Partner would be unable to continue to manage the business of the Partnership. Should the General Partner s
registration be suspended, termination of the Partnership might result. 

In
addition to such registration requirements, the CFTC and certain commodity exchanges have established limits on the maximum net
long or net short positions which any person may hold or control in certain futures contracts. Most exchanges also limit the changes
in futures contract prices that may occur during a single trading day. The CFTC has also proposed, but not yet adopted, additional
position limit rules covering energy, metals and agricultural derivative contracts. All accounts controlled by the General Partner
are combined for speculative position limit purposes. The General Partner could be required to liquidate positions it holds on
behalf of the Master Fund in order to comply with such limits. Any such liquidation or limited implementation could result in
substantial costs to the Partnership. It is as yet unclear whether the rules will have an adverse effect on the Partnership. 

The
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Reform Act mandates that a substantial portion of
over-the-counter OTC derivatives be executed in regulated markets and be submitted for clearing to regulated clearinghouses,
subject to margin requirements. Associated dealer costs are generally passed through to market participants in the form of clearing
account maintenance fees and less favorable dealer marks. 

The
Master Fund may also trade forward contracts in the inter-bank currency market. Such forward contracts are not currently traded
on exchanges; rather, banks and dealers act as principals in these markets. As a result of the Reform Act, the CFTC regulates
non-deliverable forwards (including many deliverable forwards where the parties do not take delivery), although currency forward
contracts are generally not otherwise subject to regulation by any other U.S. government agency. Changes in the forward markets
may entail increased costs and result in burdensome reporting requirements. There is currently no limitation on the daily price
movements of forward contracts. Principals in the forward markets have no obligation to continue to make markets in the forward
contracts traded. The imposition of credit controls by governmental authorities or the implementation of regulations pursuant
to the Reform Act might limit such forward trading to less than that which the General Partner would otherwise recommend, to the
possible detriment of the Master Fund. 

1(i) through (v) - not applicable. 

(2)(i) - not applicable. 

(2)(ii) - the Partnership has no employees. 

5 

Item
 1A. Risk
Factors 

Not
required. 

Item
 1B. Unresolved
Staff Comments 

Not
required. 

Item
 2. Properties 

The
Partnership does not own or use any physical properties in the conduct of its business. The General Partner performs administrative
services for the Partnership from its offices. 

Item
 3. Legal
Proceedings 

The
General Partner is not aware of any pending legal proceedings to which either the Partnership is a party or to which any of its
assets are subject. In addition there are no pending material legal proceedings involving the General Partner. 

Item
 4. Mine
Safety Disclosures 

Not
required. 

6 

PART
II 

Item
 5. Market
for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) Market
Information 

There
is no trading market for the Units, and none is likely to develop. Units may be redeemed upon 15 days written notice at
their net asset value as of the last day of any month, subject to certain early redemption charges. 

(b) Holders 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 429 holders of Series A Units, 72 holders of Series B Units, 21 holders of Series C Units
and 53 holders of Series D Units. 

(c) Dividends 

The
General Partner has sole discretion in determining what distributions, if any, the Partnership will make to the Partners. No distributions
have been made on the Units, and none are contemplated. 

(d) Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

Units
are sold on a monthly basis through the General Partner and selling agents retained by the General Partner to act as its agents.
Units were initially issued at 1,000.00 per Unit, except for Series D Units, which were issued at 1,331.20 and thereafter at
net asset value. Between October 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022, the Partnership issued Units at monthly closings, as
set forth in the following charts, to both new limited partners as well as to existing limited partners making additional investments.
There were no Series B, Series C or Series D subscriptions during the fourth calendar quarter of 2022. 

Month 
 
 Number 
of Series A 
Units Sold 

Dollar Amount of Series A Units Sold 

October 1, 2022 
 147.5940 
 
 200,000 

(f) Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer 

Pursuant
to the Limited Partnership Agreement, limited partners may redeem Units as of the end of each calendar month. The redemption of
Units by limited partners has no impact on other limited partners. 

7 

The
following table summarizes limited partner redemptions of Series A, Series C and Series D during the fourth calendar quarter of
2022. There were no Series B redemptions during the fourth calendar quarter of 2022. 

Series
A Units 

Month 
 
 Units 
Redeemed 

Redemption Date 
NAV per Unit 

October 31, 2022 
 1,010.5251 
 1,372.75 
 
 November 30, 2022 
 390.5920 
 1,258.81 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 193.0420 
 1,318.83 
 
 Total 
 1,594.1591 

Series
C Units 

Month 
 
 Units 
Redeemed 

Redemption Date 
 NAV per Unit 

October 31, 2022 
 50.3229 
 1,712.90 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 58.7030 
 1,649.39 
 
 Total 
 109.0259 

Series
D Units 

Month 
 
 Units 
Redeemed 

Redemption Date 
 NAV per Unit 

October 31, 2022 
 73.1602 
 1,585.50 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 87.1820 
 1,524.86 
 
 Total 
 160.3422 

Item
 6. [ Reserved ] 

8 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Units
may be offered for sale as of the beginning, and may be redeemed as of the end, of each month. 

The
amount of capital raised for the Partnership should not have a significant impact on its operations, as the Partnership and the
Master Fund have no significant capital expenditure or working capital requirements other than for monies to pay trading losses,
brokerage commissions and charges. Within broad ranges of capitalization, the General Partner s trading positions should
increase or decrease in approximate proportion to the size of the Master Fund (in which the Partnership participates). 

The
Partnership raises additional capital only through the sale of Units and capital is increased through trading profits (if any).
Neither the Partnership nor the Master Fund engages in borrowing. 

The
Master Fund trades futures and forward contracts, and may trade, among other instruments, swap, spot and options contracts, on
interest rates, commodities, currencies, metals, energy and stock indices. Risk arises from changes in the value of these contracts
(market risk) and the potential inability of counterparties or brokers to perform under the terms of their contracts (credit risk).
Market risk is generally to be measured by the face amount of the futures positions acquired and the volatility of the markets
traded. The credit risk from counterparty non-performance associated with these instruments is the net unrealized gain, if any,
on these positions plus the value of the margin or collateral held by the counterparty. The risks associated with exchange-traded
contracts are generally perceived to be less than those associated with OTC transactions because exchanges typically (but not
universally) provide clearinghouse arrangements in which the collective credit (in some cases limited in amount, in some cases
not) of the members of the exchange is pledged to support the financial integrity of the exchange. In most OTC transactions, on
the other hand, traders must rely (typically but not universally) solely on the credit of their respective individual counterparties.
Margins which may be subject to loss in the event of a default are generally required in exchange trading and counterparties may
require margin or collateral in the OTC markets. 

The
General Partner has procedures in place to control market risk, although there can be no assurance that they will, in fact, succeed
in doing so. These procedures primarily focus on (1) real time monitoring of open positions; (2) diversifying positions among
various markets; (3) limiting the assets committed as margin or collateral, generally within a range of 5 to 35 of an account s
net assets, though the amount may at any time be higher; and (4) prohibiting pyramiding that is, using unrealized profits
in a particular market as margin for additional positions in the same market. The Master Fund controls credit risk by dealing
exclusively with large, well-capitalized financial institutions as brokers and counterparties. 

The
financial instruments traded by the Master Fund contain varying degrees of off-balance sheet risk whereby changes in the market
values of the futures and forward contracts or the Master Fund s satisfaction of the obligations may exceed the amount recognized
in the Statements of Financial Condition of the Master Fund. 

Due
to the nature of the Master Fund s business, substantially all its assets are represented by cash, cash equivalents and
U.S. government obligations, while the Master Fund maintains its market exposure through open futures and forward contract positions. 

The
Master Fund s futures contracts are settled by offset and are cleared by the exchange clearinghouse function. Open futures
positions are marked-to-market each trading day and the Master Fund s trading accounts are debited or credited accordingly.
Options on futures contracts are settled either by offset or by exercise. If an option on a future is exercised, the Master Fund
is assigned a position in the underlying future which is then settled by offset. The Master Fund s spot and forward currency
transactions conducted in the interbank market are settled by netting offsetting positions or payment obligations and by cash
payments. 

9 

The
value of the Master Fund s cash and financial instruments is not materially affected by inflation. Changes in interest rates,
which are often associated with inflation, could cause the value of certain of the Master Fund s debt securities to decline,
but only to a limited extent. More important, changes in interest rates could cause periods of strong up or down market price
trends, during which the Master Fund s profit potential generally increases. However, inflation can also give rise to markets
which have numerous short price trends followed by rapid reversals, markets in which the Master Fund is likely to suffer losses. 

The
Master Fund s assets are generally held as cash or cash equivalents, including U.S. government securities or securities
issued by federal agencies, other CFTC-authorized investments or held in bank or certain other money market instruments e.g .,
bankers acceptances and Eurodollar or other time deposits), which are used to margin the Master Fund s futures and forward
currency positions and withdrawn, as necessary, to pay redemptions and expenses. Other than potential market-imposed limitations
on liquidity, due, for example, to limited open interest in certain futures markets or to daily price fluctuation limits, which
are inherent in the Master Fund s futures and forward trading, the Master Fund s assets are highly liquid and are
expected to remain so. During its operations through December 31, 2022, the Partnership, through its investment in the Master
Fund, experienced no meaningful periods of illiquidity in any of the numerous markets traded by the General Partner. 

Results
of Operations 

The
Partnership s success depends on the General Partner s ability to recognize and capitalize on trends and other profit
opportunities in different sectors of the global capital and commodity markets. The General Partner s investment and trading
methods are confidential, so that substantially the only information that can be furnished regarding the Partnership s results
of operations is its performance record. Unlike most operating businesses, general economic or seasonal conditions have no direct
effect on the profit potential of the Partnership, while, at the same time, its past performance is not necessarily indicative
of future results. Because of the speculative nature of the Master Fund s trading, operational or economic trends have little
relevance to the Partnership s results. The General Partner believes, however, that there are certain market conditions
 for example, markets with strong price trends in which the Partnership has a better opportunity of being profitable
than in others. 

2022 

During
2022, the Partnership, through its investment in the Master Fund, achieved net realized and unrealized gains of 24,478,979 from
trading operations (including foreign exchange transactions and translations). Management fees of 2,385,044, brokerage commissions
of 591,054, selling commissions and platform fees of 2,365,854, administrative and operating expenses of 513,281 and custody
fees of 24,150 were paid or accrued. The Master Fund allocated 1,865,305 in Profit Share to the General Partner in respect of
the Partnership. Interest income of 1,971,044 (inclusive of 1,970,494 attributed to interest income earned by the Partnership)
partially offset the Master Fund expenses allocated to the Partnership resulting in net income after profit share to the General
Partner of 18,705,335. 

Sector 
 Gain (Loss) 
 
 Currencies 
 3.93 
 
 Energies 
 8.82 
 
 Grains 
 (0.88 
 
 Interest rates 
 4.60 
 
 Livestock 
 0.05 
 
 Metals 
 (0.79 
 
 Softs 
 0.08 
 
 Stock indices 
 3.65 
 
 Total 
 19.46 

10 

The
Partnership was profitable for the period under review as gains from trading energy futures, interest rate futures, equity futures
and currency forwards far outpaced losses from trading non-energy futures. 

From
the start of the year through mid-June, market participants grew gloomy, equity and bonds prices plunged, the U.S. dollar soared
and commodity prices neared record highs before beginning a descent. These market actions were likely impacted by: rising inflation
and an increasingly hawkish monetary policy response from global central banks; recession fears; Russia s war on Ukraine;
turbulent commodity markets; China s growth slowdown, property market slump and ZERO COVID lockdowns; and growing tensions
between the U.S. and China. Thereafter, from mid-June through year-end, market participants alternated between periods of optimistic/risk-on
and pessimistic/risk-off actions. Investors risk appetite seemingly improved as the market seemed to believe that improving
inflation data may lead global central banks to follow a less hawkish policy path and China signaled increased support for its
depressed real estate sector, an end to its ZERO COVID policy and a friendlier stance toward private sector businesses. On the
other hand, some factors that impacted the first half of the year tight money, recession fears, the energy crisis, Russia s
war on Ukraine, and U.S.-China tensions contributed to selling pressures affecting equity, fixed income, commodity and
currency markets. Market volatility was impacted by the rollout of a U.K. fiscal policy proposal by short-lived Prime Minister
Truss in September and by Xi Jinping s consolidation of power at the Communist Party Congress in early October. 

During
the first half of 2022, crude oil prices rose amid concerns of entering an oil-market squeeze triggered by too little investment
and disciplined supply management from both Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC+ and non-OPEC
producers juxtaposed against oil consumption recovering toward pre-pandemic levels as economies started to reopen and as the Russia-Ukraine
war generated fears that Russian energy supplies would be negatively impacted. Russia is among the top three global producers
of crude oil and natural gas. In this environment, long positions in Brent crude, WTI crude, RBOB gasoline, London gas oil and
heating oil were solidly profitable. Also, a long natural gas position was profitable during the second quarter. Although energy
supplies remained limited during the second half of 2022, energy prices were volatile, and crude oil and crude product prices
declined amid higher interest rates and tighter monetary policy, a stronger U.S. dollar, concern about possible European and U.S.
recessions, China s persistent COVID-19 control and property sector efforts, and a significant release of oil from the U.S.
strategic petroleum reserve. During the July-December period, trading of energy futures was unprofitable as losses from Brent
crude, WTI crude, London gas oil and natural gas outdistanced profits from RBOB gasoline and heating oil, thereby reducing somewhat
the overall yearly gain from energy trading. 

Global
central banks embrace of hawkish monetary policy stances in an effort to control high inflation; China s growth slowdown
and property market distress; Europe s struggles with high energy prices; and the stagflationary impacts of the Russia-Ukraine
war raised fears of a global recession, contributing to increased volatility and significant losses for global equities during
2022. Consequently, short positions in Chinese, Hong Kong, Korean, Singaporean, EAFE, Emerging market, U.K., German, Italian,
and Brazilian equity index futures were profitable. On the other hand, trading of U.S., Dutch, French, EURO STOXX, Japanese, Taiwanese,
Australian, Canadian and the VIX stock index futures posted partially offsetting losses. 

Led
by central banks, including the Federal Reserve Fed ), European Central Bank ECB ), Bank of England
and the Bank of Japan BOJ ), global interest rates increased throughout the year. Short positions in U.S., European,
British and Canadian short-term interest rate futures were particularly profitable. Short positions in the German bund and U.S.,
British and Italian notes and bonds were also profitable, especially during the second half of the year. On the other hand, during
the first half of 2022, long positions in German, Australian, Canadian and Japanese longer-term interest rate futures and trading
of the U.S. 5-year note and French 10-year bond registered partially offsetting losses. 

The
Bloomberg BBDXY dollar index gained about 15 over the first nine months of 2022 against the backdrop of a hawkish Fed, a relatively
stronger U.S. growth outlook as compared to Europe and China, and continuing geopolitical unrest. During the fourth quarter, the
U.S. dollar declined about 8.5 through year-end as the Fed reduced the pace of its interest rate increases at its December meeting
while the ECB and BOJ were relatively more hawkish than the Fed at their December meetings, perhaps impacted by the cumulative
effect of past central bank FX market interventions against the U.S. dollar and Chinese efforts to speed up the reopening of their
economy. Overall, long U.S. dollar positions versus the European Union euro, Japanese yen, Australian dollar, Canadian dollar
and Chilean peso were profitable. Short U.S. dollar trades versus the high yielding Mexican peso and Brazilian real were profitable
as well. On the other hand, trading the U.S. dollar against the currencies of New Zealand, the U.K., Sweden, India and Israel
produced partially offsetting losses. Finally, a short U.S. dollar/long Russian ruble trade was closed out at a loss during February
when the Partnership halted trading of the Russian currency. 

11 

Metals
markets were turbulent during the year amid a variety of forces including post-pandemic economic reopening, Russia s invasion
of Ukraine and ensuing sanctions, rising interest rates, recession fears and dollar volatility. Overall, trading of metal futures
was unprofitable as losses from short gold and silver positions and from trading of aluminum and platinum outdistanced profits
from a long nickel trade and a short copper trade. 

Grain
prices were also highly volatile during 2022. A short wheat trade was unprofitable during February-May as the Russian invasion
of Ukraine impacted prices. A short soybean meal position was unprofitable during the summer when prices rose after the USDA and
the European Union s crop monitoring service reported worsening crop conditions due to damage from hot, dry weather. Trading
of soybean oil, Kansas City wheat and soybeans was also unprofitable. 

2021 

During
2021, the Partnership, through its investment in the Master Fund, achieved net realized and unrealized losses of 14,119,718 from
trading operations (including foreign exchange transactions and translations). Management fees of 2,403,587, brokerage commissions
of 877,605, selling commissions and platform fees of 2,267,616, administrative and operating expenses of 513,311 and custody
fees and other expenses and other expenses of 22,676 were paid or accrued. Interest income of 40,919 (inclusive of 40,912 attributed
to interest income earned by the Partnership) partially offset the Master Fund expenses allocated to the Partnership resulting
in net loss after profit share to the General Partner of 8,032,771. 

Sector 
 Gain (Loss) 
 
 Currencies 
 (4.80 
 
 Energies 
 5.72 
 
 Grains 
 (0.40 
 
 Interest rates 
 1.49 
 
 Livestock 
 (0.09 
 
 Metals 
 0.13 
 
 Softs 
 (0.69 
 
 Stock indices 
 9.45 
 
 Total 
 10.81 

The
Partnership was profitable for the period under review as gains from long equity and energy futures positions and trading of interest
rate futures outdistanced the losses from trading currency forwards and non-energy commodity futures. 

 The
global reflation trade improved throughout most of the first half of 2021 in response to monetary and fiscal policy actions from
global authorities especially in the U.S.; improvements in economic activity as economies cautiously reopened; and positive
news concerning COVID-19 therapies and vaccines. However, during the second half of the year the global growth outlook was jolted
periodically by the spread first of the COVID-19 Delta variant and later by the spread of the COVID-19 Omicron variant; by China s
multi-pronged regulatory actions in support of its Common Prosperity, national security, financial stability and environmental
goals; by supply chain difficulties, labor market shortages and soaring inflation that blunted consumer demand. The growth outlook
was also impacted by a reduction of fiscal stimulus globally and by central banks beginning the process of scaling back ultra-accommodative
policies. Geopolitical conflicts between the U.S. on the one hand and China, Russia and Iran on the other also worried market
participants. 

12 

Trading
of equity futures was highly profitable during the January-June period when the reflation story was strongest. Equity markets
were unaffected by the negative effects of the January Reddit and March Archegos events, as well as the week-long Suez Canal closure.
During the summer, concerns about the durability of the global economic recovery and China s regulatory crackdown contributed
to turbulence in global equity markets that were at near all-time highs. Later in the year, shifting central bank policies, Omicron
variant worries, geopolitical tensions and global growth concerns periodically impacted the enthusiasm for equities. Still, massive
liquidity, negative real yields, and strong actual and expected earnings growth contributed to the bull case for stocks. On balance,
long positions in U.S., Canadian, European, British and EAFE stock index futures were profitable. Short positions in Brazilian
and VIX futures, and trading of Chinese, Hong Kong and the MSCI emerging markets index futures were also profitable. Meanwhile,
trading of Japanese and South African index futures were slightly unprofitable. 

Energy
prices, despite a few sharp retrenchments amid growth worries, climbed during the January-November period. The price of Brent
crude oil climbed from around 50/barrel at the start of the year to more than 86/barrel in late November amid a bullish picture
that sparked speculation the price may return to 100 a barrel. There were demand increases for oil and natural gas as economies
reopened, and as market participants viewed growth slowdowns as temporary. A surge in natural gas prices led to gas to
oil switching in the power business, especially in Europe. On the supply side, prices drew some support from continued
production discipline by both Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC+ and non-OPEC producers.
Consequently, inventories drained rapidly. However, the post-Thanksgiving emergence of the Omicron strain of COVID-19; Senator
Manchin s unexpected NO on the Biden administration s Build Back Better legislation; and
the Chinese growth slowdown contributed to the collapse of energy prices and Brent crude plunging below 70/barrel before closing
the year near 78/barrel. On balance, long positions in Brent crude, WTI crude, RBOB gasoline, London gas oil and heating oil
were profitable. On the other hand, a short U.S. natural gas position was unprofitable, particularly during the first eight months
of the year. 

Interest
rates were volatile during the period as evidenced by the U.S. 10-year government bond rate that spiked from around 0.90 at the
start of the year to 1.75 at the end of March, fell back to about 1.10 at the start of August, and jumped again to near 1.70 
in late October before closing the year around 1.50 . This path for interest rates reflected the ebb and flow of actual and anticipated
moves in global growth and inflation which in turn was similar to the timing of COVID-19 pandemic spikes, global monetary, fiscal
and regulatory policy shifts and the heightening of geopolitical tensions particularly involving the U.S., China, Russia and Iran.
On balance, trading of U.S. and, to a lesser extent, Canadian, British, Japanese and Australian interest rate futures were profitable.
Meanwhile, trading of European interest rate futures produced partially offsetting losses. 

Although
the U.S. dollar did advance in 2021, especially late in the year, trading of individual currency pairs was volatile and trading
of currency forwards was broadly unprofitable. Currency markets were impacted by fluid growth, inflation, and interest rate developments.
Commodity price swings, the evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic and political uncertainties involving various countries also contributed
to exchange rate volatility. Trading the U.S. dollar against the Australian, Canadian, New Zealand, Brazilian, British, Swiss,
and Swedish currencies, the euro and a few other currencies was unprofitable. Trading the euro against other European currencies
was also unprofitable. On the other hand, a long U.S. dollar/short Japanese yen trade, a short U.S. dollar/long Russian ruble
position and trading the dollar versus the Israeli and South African units registered somewhat offsetting gains. 

Finally,
trading of non-energy commodities was fractionally negative. A short coffee position was unprofitable in April and May as prices
increased in part because the 2020 drought reduced supplies from Brazil, Columbia and Nicaragua, and logistics and customs issues
further constrained Brazilian exports. Trading of sugar was also slightly unprofitable. Wheat prices were volatile during the
year and trading of wheat was unprofitable. On the other hand, long soybean and soybean oil trades were profitable during the
first half of the year amid strong Chinese demand, weaker than expected U.S. harvests and dry weather in South America. Late in
the year, a long soybean meal trade was profitable. Reflation and reopening demand positively impacted metal prices and long copper
and aluminum trades were profitable early in the year. In addition, a short silver position was profitable near year end. Conversely,
trading of gold, nickel and zinc produced partially offsetting losses. 

13 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
Master Fund records its transactions in futures, forward and spot contracts, including related income and expenses, on a trade
date basis. Open futures contracts traded on an exchange are valued at fair value, which is based on the closing settlement price
on the exchange where the futures contract is traded by the Master Fund on the day with respect to which net assets are being
determined. Open spot contracts are recorded at fair value based on current market prices spot prices ). Open forward
currency contracts are recorded at fair value, based on pricing models that consider the current spot prices plus the time value
of money forward points and contractual prices of the underlying financial instruments. The spot prices and forward
points for open forward currency contracts are generally based on the 3:00 P.M. New York time prices provided by widely used quotation
service providers on the day with respect to which net assets are being determined. The forward points from the quotation service
providers are generally in periods of one month, two months, three months and six months forward while the contractual forward
delivery dates for the foreign currency contracts traded by the Partnership may be in between these periods. 

The
General Partner s policy is to calculate the forward points for each contract being valued by determining the number of
days from the date the forward currency contract is being valued to its maturity date and then using straight-line interpolation
to calculate the valuation of forward points for the applicable forward currency contract. The General Partner will also compare
the calculated price to the forward currency prices provided by dealers to determine whether the calculated price is fair and
reasonable. 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions, such as accrual of expenses, that affect the amounts and disclosures reported
in the financial statements. Based on the nature of the business and operations of the Partnership, the General Partner believes
that the estimates utilized in preparing the Partnership s financial statements are appropriate and reasonable, however
actual results could differ from these estimates. The estimates used do not provide a range of possible results that would require
the exercise of subjective judgment. The General Partner further believes that, based on the nature of the business and operations
of the Partnership, no other reasonable assumptions relating to the application of the Partnership s critical accounting
estimates other than those currently used would likely result in materially different amounts from those reported. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
required. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The
report of Deloitte Touche LLP (PCAOB ID: 34) for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as required by
this item, is included as Exhibit 13.1 to this report. Supplementary data is not required. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

The
General Partner, with the participation of the General Partner s principal executive officers and principal financial officer,
has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures with respect to the Partnership
as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report, and, based on its evaluation, has concluded that these disclosure
controls and procedures are effective. There were no significant changes in the General Partner s internal controls with
respect to the Partnership or in other factors applicable to the Partnership that could significantly affect these controls subsequent
to the date of their evaluation. 

14 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The
General Partner is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the Partnership s financial
reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, a company s
principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by a company s board of directors, management and other
personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The General Partner s internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that: 

pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Partnership s
assets; 

provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the Partnership s financial statements
in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that the Partnership s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of the General Partner s management and directors; and 

provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Partnership s
assets that could have a material effect on the Partnership s financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

The
General Partner assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting with respect to the Partnership as
of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on its assessment, management has concluded
that, as of December 31, 2022, the General Partner s internal control over financial reporting with respect to the
Partnership is effective based on those criteria. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires the General Partner to evaluate annually the effectiveness of its internal controls
over financial reporting as of the end of each fiscal year, and to include a management report assessing the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting in all annual reports. There were no changes in the Partnership s internal
control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

15 

PART
III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

(a,
b) Identification of Directors and Executive Officers 

The
Partnership has no directors or executive officers. The Partnership is controlled and managed by the General Partner. 

The
General Partner is a Delaware corporation operating in New York, New York, organized in May 1982 to manage discretionary
accounts primarily in futures, forward and spot markets. It is the corporate successor to a futures trading and advisory organization
which has been continuously managing assets in the currency and futures markets using quantitative, systematic techniques since
1971. 

The
principals and senior officers of the General Partner as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Harvey
Beker, age 69. Mr. Beker is Chairman of the General Partner, and serves as a member of the General Partner s Investment
Committee. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from New York University NYU in 1974 and a Master
of Business Administration degree in finance from NYU in 1975. From June 1975 to July 1977, Mr. Beker was employed by
the investment bank Loeb Rhoades, Inc. where he developed and traded silver arbitrage strategies. From July 1977 to June 1978,
Mr. Beker was a futures trader at the commodities and securities brokerage firm of Clayton Brokerage Co. of St. Louis. Mr. Beker
joined The Millburn Corporation in June 1978. He initially served as the Director of Operations for its affiliate, Millburn
Partners, and most recently thereafter served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of the General Partner and Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of The Millburn Corporation until November 1, 2015. During his tenure at the General Partner (including its former
affiliates, The Millburn Corporation, Millburn Partners and CommInVest), he has been instrumental in the development of the research,
trading and operations areas. Mr. Beker became a principal of the firm in June 1982, and a partner in the predecessor to
ShareInVest in April 1982. Mr. Beker became registered as an Associated Person and a Swap Associated Person of the General
Partner effective November 25, 1986 and March 8, 2013, respectively. He was also listed as a Principal and registered
as an Associated Person of ShareInVest effective February 20, 1986 until February 25, 2007. Since March 20, 2020,
Mr. Beker has also served as Chairman of Millburn Asia, LLC and Millburn International, LLC (collectively, Millburn International
Group and prior to that date served as Co-Chairman of each such entity since its inception. 

Gregg
R. Buckbinder, age 64. Mr. Buckbinder is President and Chief Operating Officer of the General Partner. He joined the General
Partner and The Millburn Corporation in January 1998 from Odyssey Partners, L.P., an investment management firm, where he
was responsible for the operation, administration and accounting of the firm s merchant banking and managed account businesses
from July 1990 through December 1997. Mr. Buckbinder was employed by Tucker Anthony, a securities broker and dealer,
from June 1985 to July 1990 where he was First Vice President and Controller, and from August 1983 to June 1984
where he designed and implemented various operations and accounting systems. He was with the public accounting firm of Ernst 
Whinney from June 1984 to June 1985 as a manager in the tax department and from September 1980 to August 1983
as a senior auditor, with an emphasis on clients in the financial services business. Mr. Buckbinder graduated cum laude from Pace
University Pace in 1980 with a B.B.A. in accounting and received an M.S. in taxation from Pace in 1988. He is
a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Buckbinder served as
Senior Vice-President of the General Partner and The Millburn Corporation until November 1, 2015, the Chief Financial Officer
of the General Partner until February 1, 2020, and has since served as the President and Chief Operating Officer of both
entities with his affiliation with The Millburn Corporation ceasing on December 31, 2018 upon The Millburn Corporation s
merger into the General Partner. Mr. Buckbinder has also served as Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and a Director
of each entity in Millburn International Group since inception. Mr. Buckbinder became listed as a Principal of the General Partner
effective February 5, 1999. He became listed as a Principal of The Millburn Corporation, effective March 23, 1998, until
January 17, 2019 following The Millburn Corporation s merger into the General Partner. Mr. Buckbinder became a partner
in ShareInVest in January 2000. He was also listed as a Principal of ShareInVest, effective February 28, 2001 until
February 25, 2007. 

16 

Michael
W. Carter , age 53 . Mr. Carter is a Vice President, Director of Operations and Principal Accounting Officer of the
General Partner. He is responsible for overseeing operations and accounting for the firm s commodity pools. Mr. Carter has
served as Principal Accounting Officer of the General Partner since May 2014, and prior to the merger of The Millburn Corporation
into the General Partner on December 31, 2018, also served as Vice President and Director of Operations of The Millburn Corporation
since January 2011, maintaining responsibility for the entity s operations. Mr. Carter previously held the positions
of Fund Controller (February 2001 until February 2011) and Senior Accountant (March 2000 until February 2001)
with The Millburn Corporation. He graduated from Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey Newark in May 1997 with
a B.S. in Accounting. Prior to joining the General Partner and its affiliates in March 2000, he was employed with the accounting
firm Rothstein Kass Company, P.C., as a fund accountant from March 1997 until September 1997 and as a staff auditor
from September 1997 until June 1999, and then an equity analyst covering restaurants with the brokerage firm of Sidoti
 Company, LLC, which conducts independent small-cap equity research for institutional investors, from June 1999 until
February 2000. He is a Certified Public Accountant. Mr. Carter became listed as Principal of the General Partner effective
April 22, 2014. Mr. Carter s affiliation with The Millburn Corporation ceased on December 31, 2018 upon its merger
into the General Partner. 

Steven
M. Felsenthal, age 53. Mr. Felsenthal is General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer of the General Partner. Prior to
joining the General Partner and its affiliates (including its former affiliate The Millburn Corporation) in January 2004,
Mr. Felsenthal was a senior associate in the investment management group at the law firm of Schulte Roth Zabel LLP (September 1999
to January 2004), where he represented and advised hedge funds, registered investment companies, investment advisers, broker-dealers
and banks in connection with all facets of their asset management businesses, and a member of the tax department of the law firm
of Kramer, Levin, Naftalis Frankel LLP (October 1996 to September 1999). He graduated cum laude from Yeshiva University
in 1991 with a B.A. in political science, and order of the coif from Fordham University School of Law in 1996, where he also served
as an editor of the Fordham Environmental Law Journal. Mr. Felsenthal received an LL.M. degree in taxation from NYU School of
Law in 2001 and has written and been quoted in numerous published articles, and frequently speaks at conferences, on various topics
related to investment management. Mr. Felsenthal is a member of the New York State Bar (since August 1997), a member of NFA s
Compliance and Risk Committee (since May 2014), a member of MFA s CTA, CPO and Futures Committee, serving as a Chair
(since April 2018) and Vice Chair (February 2017 to April 2018), a former member of the Steering Committee of MFA s
Chief Compliance Officer Forum (June 2014 to December 2015), former Chairman of MFA s CPO/CTA Advisory Committee
(November 2006 to June 2010) and former Co-Chairman of the Steering Committee of MFA s CPO/CTA Forum (June 2010
to January 2013), is currently a member of the Editorial Boards of the Journal of Securities Operations Custody (formerly
known as the Journal of Securities Law, Regulation and Compliance) (since February 2007) and the Journal of Financial Compliance
(since August 2017) and a regular lecturer for the Regulatory Compliance Association s Chief Compliance Officer University
(since May 2009). Mr. Felsenthal has also served as General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary of each entity
in Millburn International Group since inception. Mr. Felsenthal became listed as a Principal of the General Partner effective
June 24, 2004. Mr. Felsenthal also served as General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer of ShareInVest. Mr. Felsenthal s
affiliation with The Millburn Corporation ceased on December 31, 2018 upon its merger into the General Partner. 

Mark
B. Fitzsimmons, age 75. Mr. Fitzsimmons is a Senior Vice President of the General Partner. His responsibilities mainly
involve business development. He joined the General Partner and its affiliates (including its former affiliate The Millburn Corporation)
in January 1990 from the brokerage firm of Morgan Stanley Co. Incorporated, a global financial services firm, where
he was a Principal and Manager of institutional foreign exchange sales and was involved in strategic trading for the firm from
October 1987 until January 1990. From September 1977 to October 1987, he was with the financial institution
Chemical Bank New York Corporation Chemical ), first as a Senior Economist in Chemical s Foreign Exchange
Advisory Service and later as a Vice President and Manager of Chemical s Corporate Trading Group. While at Chemical, he
also traded both foreign exchange and fixed income products. From September 1973 to September 1977, Mr. Fitzsimmons
was employed by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, dividing his time between the International Research Department and the
Foreign Exchange Department. He graduated summa cum laude from the University of Bridgeport, Connecticut in 1970 with a B.S. degree
in economics. His graduate work was done at the University of Virginia, where he received a certificate of candidacy for a Ph.D.
in economics in 1973. Mr. Fitzsimmons became listed as a Principal and registered as an Associated Person and a Swap Associated
Person of the General Partner, effective July 2, 1993, April 15, 2009 and March 8, 2013, respectively. Mr. Fitzsimmons
was a partner in ShareInVest beginning in January 2000. He was also a listed Principal of ShareInVest effective May 19,
1999 until February 25, 2007. Mr. Fitzsimmons also served as a Senior Vice President of The Millburn Corporation until December 31,
2011 with his main responsibilities including business development and investment strategy. 

17 

Barry
Goodman, age 65. Mr. Goodman is Co-Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of Trading of the General Partner, and serves
as a member of the General Partner s Investment Committee. Mr. Goodman plays an integral role in business and product development,
and in the strategic direction of the firm as a whole. Mr. Goodman joined the General Partner (including its former affiliate The Millburn
Corporation) and Millburn Partners in November 1982 as Assistant Director of Trading and most recently thereafter served as Executive
Vice President of the General Partner and The Millburn Corporation until November 1, 2015. Mr. Goodman has since served as Co-Chief
Executive Officer and Executive Director of Trading of both entities with his affiliation with The Millburn Corporation ceasing on December 31,
2018 upon the merger of The Millburn Corporation into the General Partner. His responsibilities include overseeing the firm s trading
operations and managing its trading relationships, as well as the design and implementation of trading systems. From September 1980
through October 1982, he was a commodity trader at the brokerage firm of E.F. Hutton Co., Inc. E.F. Hutton ).
At E.F. Hutton, he also designed and maintained various technical indicators and coordinated research projects pertaining to the futures
markets. Mr. Goodman graduated magna cum laude from Harpur College of the State University of New York in 1979 with a B.A. in economics.
Mr. Goodman has also served as President and a Director of each entity in Millburn International Group since inception. Mr. Goodman became
listed as a Principal and registered as an Associated Person and a Swap Associated Person of the General Partner effective December 19,
1991, May 23, 1989 and January 14, 2013, respectively. He became a partner in ShareInVest in January 1994. Mr. Goodman
was a listed Principal of ShareInVest, effective May 19, 1999 until February 25, 2007. 

Grant
N. Smith, age 71. Mr. Smith is Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of the General Partner, and serves as
a member of the General Partner s Investment Committee. He is responsible for the design, testing and implementation of quantitative
trading strategies, as well as for planning and overseeing the computerized decision-support systems of the firm. He received a B.S.
degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology MIT in 1974 and an M.S. degree from MIT in 1975. While at MIT,
he held several teaching and research positions in the computer science field and participated in various projects relating to database
management. He joined the predecessor entity to The Millburn Corporation in June 1975, and has been continuously associated with
the General Partner and its affiliates since that time. Mr. Smith served as the Executive Vice President of the General Partner and The
Millburn Corporation until November 1, 2015 and as the Director of Research of both such entities until May 31, 2016. He has
since served as the Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of both entities with his affiliation with The Millburn Corporation
ceasing on December 31, 2018 upon the merger of The Millburn Corporation into the General Partner. He has also served as a Director
of each entity in Millburn International Group since inception, where he, along with the other Directors of each of those entities, is
responsible for its overall management. Mr. Smith became listed as a Principal and registered as an Associated Person and a Swap Associated
Person of the General Partner, effective December 19, 1991, April 15, 2009, and March 8, 2013, respectively. Mr. Smith
also became a partner in ShareInVest in January 1994. He also was listed as a Principal of ShareInVest, effective May 19, 1999
until February 25, 2007. 

 Ilon
Wu , age 46 . Ms. Wu is a Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Millburn. Her areas of responsibility include overseeing
the accounting and finance for Millburn Ridgefield Corporation and accounting and administration of many of the investment vehicles managed
by Millburn. Ms. Wu has served as Chief Financial Officer of Millburn since January 2020, before which she served as Controller
of The Millburn Corporation (since January 2011), a position she held prior to the merger of The Millburn Corporation into Millburn
on December 31, 2018, and then in the same capacity at Millburn. Ms. Wu previously held the positions of Assistant Controller (August 2005
until December 2010) and Senior Financial Accountant (June 2000 until August 2006) with The Millburn Corporation. She
graduated from Baruch College, The City University of New York in May 1998 with a B.B.A. in Accounting. Prior to joining Millburn
and its affiliates in June 2000, she was employed with the accounting firm Grant Thornton LLP, as a staff accountant from October 1998
to June 2000. She is a Certified Public Accountant. Ms. Wu became listed as principal of Millburn effective March 9, 2020.
Ms. Wu s affiliation with The Millburn Corporation ceased on December 31, 2018 upon its merger into Millburn. 

None
of the individuals listed above currently serves as a director of a public company. 

18 

(c) Identification
of Certain Significant Employees 

None. 

(d) Family
Relationships 

None. 

(e) Business
Experience 

See
Item 10 (a, b) above. 

(f) Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None. 

(g) Code
of Ethics 

The
Partnership has no employees, officers or directors and is managed by the General Partner. The General Partner has adopted an Executive
Code of Ethics that applies to its principal executive officers, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. A copy
of this Executive Code of Ethics may be obtained at no charge by written request to Millburn Ridgefield Corporation, 55 West 46th Street,
31st Floor, New York, New York 10036 or by calling 212-332-7300 (ask for Client Services). 

(h) Audit
Committee Financial Expert 

Because
the Partnership has no employees, officers or directors, the Partnership has no audit committee. The Partnership is managed by the General
Partner. Gregg Buckbinder serves as the General Partner s audit committee financial expert. Mr. Buckbinder is not
independent of the management of the General Partner. The General Partner is a privately owned corporation managed by its shareholders.
It has no independent directors. 

19 

Item 11. Executive
Compensation 

The
Partnership has no directors, officers or employees. None of the directors, officers or employees of the General Partner receive compensation
from the Partnership. The Partnership invests all of its assets in the Master Fund. The General Partner makes all investment decisions
on behalf of the Master Fund. The General Partner receives monthly management fees of 0.146 (1.75 per annum) of the Master Fund s
net assets and an annual profit share of 20 of any new trading profit. 

Item 12. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

(a) Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 

All
of the Partnership s general partner interest is held by the General Partner. 

(b) Security
Ownership of Management 

The
Partnership has no officers or directors. Under the terms of the Limited Partnership Agreement, the Partnership is required to invest
all its assets in the Master Fund. The General Partner has discretionary authority over the Master Fund s trading. As of December 31,
2022, the General Partner s interest was valued at 3,216,369, which constituted 2.24 of the Partnership s capital as of
December 31, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022, no directors or executive officers of the General Partner beneficially owned Units in the Partnership. 

(c) Changes
in Control 

None. 

(d) Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Item 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

See
 Item 11. Executive Compensation and Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . The Partnership, through its investment in the Master Fund, paid 2,385,044
in management fees and 1,865,305 in Profit Share to the General Partner for the year ended December 31, 2022. The General Partner s
capital interest was allocated a net income of 549,355 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Partnership, through its investment
in the Master Fund, paid 2,403,587 in management fees and 43,071 in Profit Share to the General Partner for the year ended December 31,
2021. The General Partner s capital interest was allocated a net income of 263,788 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

20 

Item 14. Principal
Accountant Fees and Services 

(1) Audit
Fees 

The
aggregate fees for professional services rendered by Deloitte Touche LLP in connection with their audit of the Partnership s
financial statements in connection with the statutory and regulatory filings for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was
approximately 132,000 and 120,000, respectively. 

(2) Tax
Fees 

The
Partnership did not engage Deloitte Touche LLP for professional services for tax compliance, advice or planning services. 

(3) All
Other Fees 

There
were no other fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

(4) Pre-Approval
Policies 

The
board of directors of the General Partner pre-approves the engagement of the Partnership s auditor for all services to be provided
by the auditor. 

21 

PART
IV 

Item 15. Exhibits
and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)(1) Financial
Statements 

The
following are included with the 2022 Annual Report to Security Holders, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 13.1. 

With
respect to the Partnership: 

Affirmation
of Millburn Ridgefield Corporation 

 Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 Statements
of Financial Condition 

 Statements
of Operations 

 Statements
of Changes in Partners Capital 

 Statements
of Financial Highlights 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

With
respect to the Master Fund: 

Affirmation
of Millburn Ridgefield Corporation 

 Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 Statements
of Financial Condition 

 Condensed
Schedules of Investments 

 Statements
of Operations 

 Statements
of Changes in Partners Capital 

 Statements
of Financial Highlights 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

(a)(2) Financial
Statement Schedules 

All
Schedules are omitted for the reason that they are not required or are not applicable because equivalent information has been included
in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 

(a)(3) Exhibits
as required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 

22 

The
following exhibits are included herewith. 

Designation 
 
 Description 
 
 10.1 
 
 Sixth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. 

13.1 
 
 2022 Annual Report to Security Holders 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer 

31.3 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of President and Chief Operating Officer 

31.4 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer 

32.3 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of President and Chief Operating Officer 

32.4 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document 

The
following exhibits were filed by the Partnership as a part of its Registration Statement on Form 10 (Reg. No. 000-54028) on June 30,
2010 and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Document 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Formation of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. 

The
following exhibit was filed by the Partnership on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 000-54028) on August 28, 2019 and is incorporated herein
by reference. 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Document 
 
 4.1 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. 

Item 16. Form 10-K
Summary 

None. 

23 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 31st day of March, 2023. 

MILLBURN MULTI-MARKETS FUND L.P. 

By: 
 Millburn Ridgefield Corporation, 

General Partner 

By: 
 /s/ Harvey Beker 

Harvey Beker 

Chairman 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
General Partner of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title
 with General
 Partner 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Harvey Beker 
 
 Chairman 
 
 March 31,
 2023 
 
 Harvey Beker 
 
 (Director) 

/s/
 Barry Goodman 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 31,
 2023 
 
 Barry Goodman 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Grant N. Smith 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 31,
 2023 
 
 Grant N. Smith 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Gregg Buckbinder 
 
 President and Chief Operating
 Officer 
 
 March 31,
 2023 
 
 Gregg Buckbinder 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Michael W. Carter 
 
 Vice President 
 
 March 31,
 2023 
 
 Michael W. Carter 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Ilon Wu 
 
 Chief Financial
 Officer 
 
 March 31,
 2023 
 
 Ilon
Wu 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

(Being
the principal executive officers, the principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, and a majority of the directors of
Millburn Ridgefield Corporation) 

24 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

The
following exhibits are included herewith. 

Designation 
 
 Description 
 
 10.1 
 
 Sixth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. 

13.1 
 
 2022 Annual Report to Security Holders 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer 

31.3 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of President and Chief Operating Officer 

31.4 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer 

32.3 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of President and Chief Operating Officer 

32.4 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document 

The
following exhibits were filed by the Partnership as a part of its Registration Statement on Form 10 (Reg. No. 000-54028) on June 30,
2010 and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Document 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Formation of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. 

The
following exhibit was filed by the Partnership on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 000-54028) on August 28, 2019 and is incorporated herein
by reference. 

4.1 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. 

25 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 millburnmulti_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

MILLBURN
MULTI-MARKETS TRADING L.P. 

SIXTH
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 1. Continuation
 of Limited Partnership; Partnership Name 
 1 
 
 2.
Principal Place of Business 
 1 
 
 3.
Business. 
 2 
 
 4.
Term, Dissolution and Fiscal Year 
 3 
 
 5.
Capital Contributions and Limited Partnership Interests 
 3 
 
 6.
Allocation of Profits and Losses 
 4 
 
 7.
Duties of the General Partner 
 7 
 
 8.
Reports to Limited Partners 
 7 
 
 9.
Non-Assignability and Withdrawal. 
 7 
 
 10.
Special Power of Attorney 
 9 
 
 11.
Voluntary or Involuntary Withdrawal of a Partner; Removal of General Partner 
 9 
 
 12.
No Personal Liability for Return of Capital. 
 10 
 
 13.
Standard of Liability and Indemnification. 
 10 
 
 14.
Additional Limited Partners 
 11 
 
 15.
Feeder Fund Subscriptions and Withdrawals 
 11 
 
 16.
Amendments with Consent of the General Partner 
 11 
 
 17.
Side Letters 
 12 
 
 18.
Governing Law 
 12 
 
 19.
Miscellaneous 
 12 

- i - 

MILLBURN
MULTI-MARKETS TRADING L.P. 

 SIXTH
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 

This
Sixth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement (this Agreement dated as of September 26, 2019, by and between
Millburn Ridgefield Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the General Partner and each other party who becomes a party
to this Agreement whether by execution of a counterpart of this Agreement or by execution of a separate instrument pursuant to which
such person agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, as an owner of a limited partnership interest (an Interest and who is shown on the books and records of Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. as a limited partner (individually, a Limited
Partner and collectively, Limited Partners (the General Partner and Limited Partners may be collectively referred
to herein as Partners ). 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS,
 the parties hereto desire to continue a limited partnership for the purposes set forth herein; 

WHEREAS,
 the Partnership was formed under the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, as amended and in effect on the date hereof
(the Act ), pursuant to a Limited Partnership Agreement made as of September 15, 2004 and amended and restated as of January
1, 2007, December 19, 2008, November 1, 2009, December 31, 2013, and February 12, 2018 (the Prior Agreement ), and the parties
hereto desire to further amend and restate the Prior Agreement in its entirety; 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1.
 Continuation of Limited Partnership; Partnership Name. 

The
Partners do hereby continue a limited partnership under the Act. The name of the limited partnership is Millburn Multi-Markets Trading
L.P. (the Partnership ). 

The
General Partner has executed and filed a Certificate of Limited Partnership in accordance with the provisions of the Act and shall execute,
file and record, as appropriate, such amendments, assumed name certificates and other documents as are or become necessary or advisable
as determined by the General Partner, and shall take all steps which the General Partner may deem necessary or advisable to allow the
Partnership to conduct business in any jurisdiction where the Partnership conducts business and to otherwise provide that Limited Partners
will have limited liability with respect to the activities of the Partnership in all such jurisdictions. Each Limited Partner hereby
undertakes to furnish to the General Partner a power of attorney which may be filed with the Certificate of Limited Partnership and any
amendments thereto and such additional information as is required from it to complete such documents and to execute and cooperate in
the filing or recording of such documents at the request of the General Partner, provided that no Limited Partner shall in any respect
participate in the management of the Partnership. The General Partner shall have the authority to reorganize the Partnership, or to merge
the Partnership into a new limited partnership organized under the laws of any State in the United States, provided that such reorganization
or merger does not have a material adverse effect on the Limited Partners. 

2.
 Principal Place of Business. 

The
principal office of the Partnership shall be 55 West 46th Street, 31st Floor, New York, New York 10036, or such other place as the General
Partner may designate. 

The
address of the registered office of the Partnership in the State of Delaware is c/o The Corporation Trust Company, Corporation Trust
Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Newcastle County, Delaware 19801, and the name and address of the registered agent for service
of process on the Partnership in the State of Delaware is The Corporation Trust Company, Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street,
Wilmington, Newcastle County, Delaware 19801. 

1 

The
General Partner may change the registered office and registered agent of the Partnership upon notice to the Limited Partners. 

3.
 Business. 

The
Partnership business and purpose is to trade, buy, sell or otherwise acquire, hold or dispose of commodities and currencies including
futures and forward contracts, options contracts, and any other rights pertaining thereto. The objective of the Partnership business
is appreciation of its assets through speculative trading. 

The
Partnership shall have the following purposes, through its trading activities: 

(a)
 to purchase, sell, write and invest and trade in, within and without the United States, on margin or otherwise, government and government
agency bonds, debentures, notes, letters of credit, bankers acceptances, commercial paper, other securities, rights and options,
including puts and calls, with respect to any of the foregoing (collectively, Securities ), including the making and covering
of short sales of Securities; 

(b)
 to purchase, sell, write and invest and trade in, within or without the United States, on margin or otherwise, commodities, commodity
futures and forward contracts and rights and options, including puts and calls, with respect to commodities and commodity futures and
forward contracts (collectively, Commodity Interests ), including the making and covering of short sales of Commodity Interests; 

(c)
 to purchase, sell and invest in all manner of physical and spot market commodities within and without the United States; 

(d)
 to purchase, sell, write and invest and trade in, within and without the United States, on margin or otherwise, foreign currencies,
foreign currency futures contracts, foreign currency forward contracts and rights and options relating thereto (collectively, Currency
Interests ), including the making and covering of short sales of Currency Interests; 

(e)
 to lend monies to third parties; 

(f)
 to purchase, sell, write and invest and trade in, within and without the United States, on margin or otherwise, swaps, 
 swaptions, floors, collars, swap agreements within the meaning of the Part 35
regulations of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC ), hybrid instruments within the meaning of
the Part 34 regulations of the CFTC, and excluded derivative transactions, hybrid instruments and excluded swap transactions within the
meaning of Section 2 of the Commodity Exchange Act and all manner of over-the-counter instruments, including the making
and covering of short sales in any of the foregoing; 

(g)
 to engage in any form of trading or investment activity within or without the United States which the General Partner deems appropriate,
without restriction or limitation, and to refrain from trading or investing in the General Partner s absolute discretion; 

(h)
 to invest in partnerships or similar investment vehicles, including those organized to serve as master trading vehicles for the Partnership
and/or other entities; and 

(i)
 to engage in any other lawful act or activity within or without the United States for which limited partnerships may be organized
under the laws of the State in which the Partnership is then organized. 

The
Partnership shall have the power to enter into, make and perform all contracts and other undertakings, and engage in all activities and
transactions as may be necessary or advisable to the carrying out of the foregoing purposes, including, without limitation, the power: 

(aa)
 to borrow money from banks, brokers or any of the Partners, and to secure the payment of any obligations of the Partnership by hypothecation
or pledge of all or part of the assets of the Partnership; 

2 

(bb)
 to exercise all rights, powers, privileges and other incidents of ownership or possession with respect to the assets of the Partnership; 

(cc)
 to open, maintain and close bank, brokerage and other accounts; 

(dd)
 to maintain one or more offices within or without the State of Connecticut and in connection therewith to rent or acquire office
space, engage personnel and do such other acts as the General Partner may deem to be advisable or necessary in connection with such offices
and personnel, all at the Partnership s expense; and 

(ee)
 to take such actions as the General Partner may deem to be necessary or advisable in connection with the foregoing, including the
retention and appointment of agents, independent contractors, attorneys, accountants, investment counselors and independent board members
(which may serve the Partnership in advisory and/or oversight capacities) and the preparation and filing of all Partnership tax returns. 

4.
 Term, Dissolution and Fiscal Year. 

(a)
Term. The term of the Partnership commenced on the day the Certificate of Limited Partnership was filed with the Office of the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware pursuant to the provisions of the Act and shall end upon the first to occur of the following:
(1) withdrawal, insolvency, bankruptcy or dissolution of the General Partner; or (2) any event which shall make it unlawful for the existence
of the Partnership to continue. 

(b)
Dissolution. Upon the occurrence of an event causing the termination of the Partnership, the Partnership shall terminate and
be dissolved. Dissolution, payment of creditors and distribution of the Partnership assets shall be effected in accordance with the Act,
and the General Partner and each Limited Partner (and any assignee the assignment to which the General Partner has consented) shall share
in the assets of the Partnership pro rata in the ratio of the total of each Partner s capital account to the total of all
Partners capital accounts, less any amount owed by such Partner (or assignee) to the Partnership. For this purpose the New Profit
memo account (as defined in Paragraph 6(a)) shall be added to the capital account of the General Partner. 

(c)
Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Partnership shall begin January 1 of each year and end on December 31 of each year. 

5.
 Capital Contributions and Limited Partnership Interests. 

(a)
Partners Contributions. The General Partner shall maintain a sufficient investment in the Partnership for the Partnership
to be treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. Each Partner shall contribute cash to the Partnership, which shall constitute
the initial balance of such Limited Partner s capital account. The General Partner shall have discretion to accept other assets
valued at fair market value. The aggregate of all contributions shall be available to the Partnership to carry on its business and no
interest shall be paid on any such contribution. 

(b)
Offering of Limited Partnership Interests. Interests may be sold by the General Partner or its agents on behalf of the Partnership,
at the General Partner s discretion, to persons desiring to become Limited Partners. The amount of the purchase price of an Interest
shall constitute a Limited Partner s initial capital contribution. The aggregate of all contributions shall be available to the
Partnership to carry on its business and no interest shall be paid on any such contribution. There is no maximum amount of funds which
may be contributed to the Partnership. 

(c)
Limited Liability of Limited Partners. Each Interest, when purchased by a Limited Partner, and any additional capital contributions
to the Partnership, shall be fully paid and non-assessable. No Limited Partner shall be liable for Partnership obligations in excess
of the capital contributed by it, plus its share of profits, if any, including its obligation, as required by law under certain circumstances,
to return to the Partnership distributions and returns of contributions. Each Limited Partner hereby agrees with the General Partner
that, upon written demand therefor by the General Partner, such Limited Partner will promptly return to the Partnership all amounts for
which such Limited Partner may be liable to the Partnership or its creditors under the Act. 

3 

(d)
Return of Limited Partners Capital Contributions. Except to the extent that a Limited Partner shall be entitled to withdraw
capital through the withdrawal of all or a portion of an Interest in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, no Limited Partner
shall have any right to demand the return of its capital contribution or any profits added thereto, except upon termination and dissolution
of the Partnership. In no event shall a Limited Partner be entitled to demand or receive property other than cash. 

(e)
Distributions. The General Partner shall have sole discretion in determining what distributions, if any, the Partnership will
make to its Limited Partners. No Limited Partner shall have the right to demand or receive property other than cash upon withdrawal of
all or part of such Limited Partner s capital account. The Partnership may pay all distributions (including distributions made
in respect of withdrawals) in cash or in kind. 

(f)
Contributions by Employee Benefit Plans and Plan Asset Entities. The General Partner intends not to accept contributions for
Interests if doing so would cause the Partnership to hold plan assets for purposes of the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ),
with respect to an employee benefit plan subject to ERISA or with respect to any plan or account subject to Section 4975 of the Code.
If rejection of subscriptions by any person, including but not limited to any such employee benefit plan, such other plan or account,
or entities that are treated as holding such plan assets, is necessary to avoid causing the assets of the Partnership to be such plan
assets, the General Partner will effect such rejections as the General Partner, in its sole discretion, determines. 

6.
 Allocation of Profits and Losses. 

(a)
Capital Accounts and New Profit Memo Account; Sub-Accounts. A capital account shall be established for each Partner. The initial
balance of each Partner s capital account shall be the amount of its initial contribution to the Partnership. A memo account shall
be established solely for bookkeeping purposes (the New Profit memo account ), and no Partner shall be entitled to or have
the right to withdraw any amount credited to the New Profit memo account, except as set forth in Paragraph 6(c) and in the event of dissolution
of the Partnership pursuant to Paragraph 4(b). The General Partner may establish sub-accounts with respect to any Partner s capital
account with the consent of such Partner. 

(b)
Monthly and Yearly Allocations. As of the close of business (as determined by the General Partner) of the last day of each month
or of the fiscal year, as the case may be, the following determinations and allocations shall be made: 

(1) The
Net Assets of the Partnership (as defined in Paragraph 6(d)(1)) shall be determined. 

(2) Subject
to subparagraphs (3) and (4), any increase or decrease in Net Assets as of the end of the month, including net interest income and before
deduction of the Management Fee as defined in, and payable to the General Partner pursuant to, Paragraph 6(f), shall be credited or charged
to the capital accounts of each Partner and the New Profit memo account in the ratio that the balance of each such account, bears to
the balance of all such accounts. All such credits or charges to a Partner s capital account shall then be credited or charged
to each sub-account thereof, if any, in the ratio that the balance of such sub- account bears to the balance of all sub-accounts attributable
to such capital account. 

(3) The
Management Fee payable by the Partnership to the General Partner pursuant to Paragraph 6(f) shall be charged (at the rate agreed upon
by the General Partner and the applicable Limited Partner if different from that set forth in Paragraph 6(f)) to the capital accounts
of the Limited Partners. 

(4) The
General Partner s profit share shall be calculated separately with respect to each Interest as of the end of a fiscal year (or
when all or a portion of an Interest is withdrawn) and shall equal: (i) 20 of any increase in Trading Profits (as defined in Paragraph
6(d)(2)) over the previous high point in Trading Profits as of a date on which a Profit Share was paid with respect to such Interest
(or 0 if no Profit Share has been paid with respect to such Interest) or (ii) such other amount as set forth in a writing delivered
to a Limited Partner
in connection with such Limited Partner s subscription for an Interest or otherwise in a written agreement between a Limited Partner
and the General Partner (the Profit Share ). The amount of the Profit Share shall be deducted from each Limited Partner s
capital account and added to either the General Partner s capital account or, as described below, the New Profit memo account.
The General Partner s Profit Share with respect to Interests withdrawn as of a month-end other than a fiscal year-end shall be
computed and allocated to the General Partner as though the month-end were a fiscal year-end, and the amount of the Profit Share shall
be deducted from the withdrawing Limited Partner s capital account and added to the New Profit memo account. Notwithstanding the
foregoing or anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the General Partner may waive, reduce or rebate the General Partner s
Profit Share in respect of any Limited Partner that is an affiliated person of the General Partner, or any other Limited Partner or with
respect to sub-accounts, without entitling any other Limited Partner to a similar waiver, reduction or rebate. The Profit Share may,
upon the mutual agreement of the General Partner and the affected Partner, be tracked and charged separately with respect to each sub-account
associated with a Partner s Interest as if such sub-account were a separate capital account. 

4 

(5) The
amount of any distribution to a Limited Partner, any amount paid to a Limited Partner on withdrawal of all or a portion of an Interest,
or the amount of any withdrawal by the General Partner shall be charged to that Partner s capital account (and such charge to be
allocated among the applicable sub-accounts thereof, if any). 

(c)
Allocation of Profit and Loss for Federal Income Tax Purposes. In each fiscal year, items of income, deduction, gain or loss
that are recognized for income tax purposes (including any capital gain or loss required to be taken into account under Section 1256
of the Code) shall be allocated among the Partners in such manner as to reflect equitably amounts credited to or charged against each
such Partner s capital account, whether in such fiscal year or in prior fiscal years. To this end, the Partnership shall establish
and maintain records which shall show the extent to which the capital account and any sub-account thereof of each Partner is, as of the
last day of each fiscal year or any other applicable period, comprised of amounts which have not been reflected in the taxable income
of such Partner. 

Notwithstanding
the generality of the foregoing, net capital gain shall be allocated first to the General Partner (i) up to the amount of the
General Partner s Profit Share for the year under Paragraph 6(b)(4) and then (ii) up to the amount of any balance in the New
Profit memo account. Amounts equal to any allocations of capital gain pursuant to this subparagraph shall be credited to the General
Partner s capital account and, where applicable, there shall be a corresponding charge to the New Profit memo account. Any
balance in such memo account after such charges shall remain in such memo account. 

The
General Partner may, in its sole discretion, elect to use an aggregate allocation method permitted under Sections 704(b)
and (c) of the Code and the regulations thereunder; otherwise, to the extent deemed by the General Partner to be feasible and equitable,
taxable income and gains in each fiscal year shall be allocated among the Partners who have benefited from the Partnership s income
and gains, and tax deductions and losses in each fiscal year shall be allocated among the Partners who have borne the Partnership s
deductions and losses. 

In
the event a Partner withdraws a portion or the entire balance of such Partner s capital account, the General Partner may in its
sole discretion make a special allocation to the Partner for federal income tax purposes of the gains or losses recognized by the Partnership.
The allocation of such gains shall be in such a manner as will reduce the amount, if any, by which the balance of such Partner s
capital account and any sub-account (or, with respect to a partial withdrawal, the portion thereof attributable to the portion of the
Interest being withdrawn) exceeds its federal income tax basis in its Interest (or, with respect to a partial withdrawal, the portion
thereof being withdrawn) before such allocation. The allocation of such losses shall be in such a manner as will reduce the amount, if
any, by which the balance of such Partner s federal income tax basis in its Interest (or, with respect to a partial withdrawal,
the portion thereof being withdrawn) exceeds its capital account (or, with respect to a partial withdrawal, the portion thereof attributable
to the portion of the Interest being withdrawn) before such allocation. 

Any
elections or other decisions relating to allocations under this Paragraph 6(c) will be made in any manner that the General Partner
determines reasonably reflects the purpose and intention of this Agreement. The tax allocations set forth in this Paragraph 6(c) are
intended to allocate items of Partnership income, gains, losses and deductions (ordinary, short-term and long-term) in accordance
with Sections 704(b) and (c) of the Code. 

5 

(d)
Definitions; Accounting. 

(1) Net
Assets of the Partnership shall mean the sum of all cash, plus treasury bills, notes or other securities at market value, plus the market
value of all open futures, forward, over the counter swap or other trading positions maintained by the Partnership, less all liabilities
of the Partnership determined in accordance with the accounting principles set forth below. Net Assets of the Partnership shall be determined
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles under the accrual basis of accounting. The market value of all Partnership
assets and liabilities, for all purposes hereunder, shall be determined in accordance with the General Partner s Valuation Policies
and Procedures, a copy of which is available to Limited Partners upon request. The General Partner may reduce the valuation of any asset
by reserves established to reflect contingencies, liabilities, uncertain valuations or other factors, which the General Partner determines,
in its absolute discretion, reduce, or might reduce, the value of such asset. All determinations of value by the General Partner shall
be final and conclusive as to all Partners, absent bad faith, and the General Partner shall be absolutely protected in relying upon valuations
furnished to the General Partner by third parties believed by the General Partner, without independent investigation, to be made in good
faith and reliable. 

(2) Trading
Profits shall mean, with respect to each Interest or any sub-account associated therewith, the cumulative net realized and unrealized
gain or losses in the value of such Interest or sub-account, including interest income, reduced by fees (other than any Profit Share)
payable to the General Partner and other Partnership expenses. Trading Profits, including the high point in Trading Profits (and any
loss carryforward for purposes of calculating any increase in Trading Profits) with respect to an Interest and any associated sub-account
will be proportionally reduced by distributions or withdrawals with respect to such Interest and such sub-account if applicable. 

(e)
Expenses. The Partnership shall bear all of its own expenses, including, but not limited to: (a) the Management Fee payable to
the General Partner; all other expenses that the General Partner reasonably determines to be incurred in connection with the Partnership s
investment activities; any taxes to which the Partnership is subject; regulatory fees and interest charges; and (b) amounts due to persons
not affiliated with the General Partner for providing operating, administrative, custody, legal, accounting, audit and tax services to
the Partnership or to the General Partner with respect to the activities of the Partnership; registration and filing fees; and the cost
of the ongoing offering of the Interests. 

With
respect to all expenses enumerated in item (b) of the first paragraph of this Paragraph 6(e), the General Partner shall bear any excess
over a monthly amount equal to one-twelfth of 0.25 (0.25 per annum) of the month- end net asset value of the Partnership; provided,
however , that such limitation shall not include any extraordinary expenses (including, without limitation, any litigation-related
or indemnification expenses) incurred by the Partnership, which shall be paid by the Partnership. Appropriate reserves may be created,
accrued and charged to the Partners capital accounts and any sub-accounts thereof for contingent liabilities, if any, as of the
date any such contingent liability becomes known to the General Partner. 

(f)
Management Fee Payable to the General Partner. The Partnership shall pay the General Partner, with respect to each Limited Partner,
management fees at a fixed monthly rate of one-twelfth of 2 (2 annually) of the net asset value of each Limited Partner s capital
account as of the end of each month (including any Interests withdrawn as of the end of the month) (the Management Fee ),
without reduction for any capital withdrawal, distributions, any fees payable to third party selling agents, any accrued Profit Share
or the Management Fee then being calculated. The Management Fee charges shall be deducted from the respective capital accounts of the
Limited Partners and shall be prorated for partial months. The General Partner may waive, reduce or rebate Management Fees payable to
the General Partner in respect of any Limited Partner that is an affiliated person of the General Partner, or any other Limited Partner
or with respect to sub-accounts, without entitling any other Limited Partner to a similar waiver, reduction or rebate. 

6 

The
General Partner may charge a higher Management Fee to any Limited Partner after full disclosure of such fee to, and with the consent
of, that Limited Partner. 

(g)
Prior Period Adjustments . The General Partner may determine to treat any liability or expenditure of the Partnership which becomes
fixed or is incurred in an accounting period subsequent to the accounting period to which such liability or expenditure relates as either
(i) arising in the accounting period in which such liability becomes fixed or such expenditure is incurred or (ii) arising in such prior
accounting period, in which case such liability or expenditure shall be charged to persons who were Partners during such prior accounting
period (whether or not such persons are Partners during the accounting period in which such liability is fixed or such expenditure is
incurred) in accordance with the ratio such Partners capital accounts bear to the balance of all capital accounts as of the beginning
of such prior accounting period, and the Partnership may collect amounts previously distributed to such persons in accordance with the
provisions of Paragraph 9(e). 

(h)
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Partnership, in the sole discretion of the General Partner, may offer Interests in series
or classes subject to different terms from those set forth herein. 

7.
 Duties of the General Partner. 

(a)
Management of the Partnership. The General Partner, to the exclusion of the Limited Partners, shall conduct and manage the business
of the Partnership. The General Partner on behalf of the Partnership shall in its sole discretion make all investment decisions regarding
the Partnership. No person dealing with the General Partner shall be required to determine its authority to make any undertaking on behalf
of the Partnership, nor to determine any facts or circumstances bearing upon the existence of its authority. No Limited Partner, as such,
shall be entitled to any salary, draw or other compensation from the Partnership. 

(b)
Services of Third Parties. The General Partner may engage and compensate on behalf of the Partnership from funds of the Partnership
(subject to Paragraph 6(e)) such persons, firms or corporations, including any affiliated person or entity or any other person or entity,
as the General Partner in its sole judgment shall deem advisable for the conduct and operation of the business of the Partnership. 

(c)
Limitation on Trading Activity of the General Partner. In no case shall the General Partner or any of its principals take advantage
of their knowledge of trades made or contemplated on behalf of the Partnership for their own trading; nor shall they knowingly trade
in any manner to the detriment of the Partnership, either directly or indirectly, or in any manner take any advantage of their position
with respect to the Partnership. Direct trading between the Partnership and any account of, or managed by, the General Partner or any
of its principals is prohibited. 

8.
 Reports to Limited Partners. 

The
General Partner shall keep and retain such books and records relating to the business of the Partnership as the General Partner may deem
necessary or advisable and as may be required by law, including the rules and regulations of the CFTC. The Partnership books shall be
audited annually by an independent certified public accountant. The Partnership will cause each Partner to receive as soon as practicable
after the close of each fiscal year certified financial statements of the Partnership for the fiscal year then ended. In addition, the
General Partner will report monthly to each Limited Partner the following information: the value of such Limited Partner s Interest,
and such other information as the General Partner may deem appropriate and as may be required by the rules and regulations of the CFTC. 

9.
 Non-Assignability and Withdrawal. 

(a)
Non-Assignability. Each Limited Partner expressly agrees that it (i) is purchasing an Interest for investment and not with a
view to the assignment, transfer or disposition of any part of the Interest and (ii) will not assign, transfer or otherwise dispose
of, by gift or otherwise, any of its Interest or any part or all of its right, title and interest in the capital or profits of the
Partnership without giving written notice of the assignment, transfer or disposition to the General Partner, which notice shall
include evidence satisfactory to the General Partner that the proposed assignment, transfer or disposition is exempt from
registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and receiving the prior written consent of the General Partner. No
assignee, except with the consent of the General Partner (which consent may be withheld at its sole and absolute discretion),
may acquire any rights against the Partnership. If an assignment, transfer or disposition occurs by reason of the death of a Limited
Partner or assignee, or by operation of law, such written notice may be given by the duly authorized representative of the estate of
the Limited Partner or assignee and shall be supported by such proof of legal authority and valid assignment as may reasonably be
requested by the General Partner. The General Partner need not, however, consent to any such assignment, but may elect instead to
require the mandatory withdrawal of any Interest which would otherwise be assigned. 

7 

Each
Limited Partner agrees that with the consent of the General Partner any assignee may become a substituted Limited Partner without the
further act or consent of any Limited Partner. Each Limited Partner agrees that it has no right to consent to and will not consent to
any person s or entity s becoming a substituted Limited Partner, except as set forth in the preceding sentence. If the General
Partner withholds consent, an assignee shall not become a substituted Limited Partner and shall not have any of the rights of a Limited
Partner, except that the assignee shall be entitled to receive that share of capital or profits and shall have that right of withdrawal
to which its assignor would otherwise have been entitled and shall remain subject to the other terms of this Agreement binding upon Limited
Partners. An assigning Limited Partner shall remain liable to the Partnership as provided in the Act, regardless of whether its assignee
becomes a substituted Limited Partner. 

(b)
Withdrawals. A Limited Partner (or any assignee thereof) may withdraw any part or all of its capital and undistributed profits,
if any, from the Partnership effective as of the end of the first month ending at least fifteen days after a request for withdrawal in
acceptable form has been delivered to the General Partner. The General Partner may, in its discretion, permit withdrawals (i) on shorter
notice or (ii) as of a date other than a month-end. Upon withdrawal, a Limited Partner (or any assignee thereof) shall receive an amount
equal to the value of the Interest withdrawn as of the effective date of withdrawal, less any amount owing by such Partner (and its assignee,
if any) to the Partnership pursuant to Paragraph 13(c). An assignee shall not be entitled to withdraw until the General Partner has received
written notice of and has consented to (as described in subparagraph (a) above) the assignment, transfer or disposition under which the
assignee claims an interest in the Interest to be withdrawn and shall have no claim against the Partnership or the General Partner with
respect to distributions or amounts paid on withdrawal of an Interest prior to the receipt by the General Partner of such notice. Payment
will be made within a reasonable time of the date of withdrawal. In the event of a default or delay in payments due the Partnership from
commodity brokers, banks or other persons, or under similar circumstances, the Partnership may in turn delay payment to Limited Partners
requesting withdrawal of Interests of the proportionate part of the value of the Interests represented by the sums which are the subject
of such default or delay. 

(c)
Suspension of the Determination of Net Assets and Withdrawals. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the General Partner
may suspend the determination of Net Assets and/or suspend withdrawals of Interests in whole or in part by reason of: (i) a withdrawal
that would result in violation by the Partnership, the General Partner or any of their respective affiliates of applicable securities
or commodities laws or regulations or any other law of the United States or any other jurisdiction applicable to the Partnership, the
General Partner or any of their respective affiliates (including but not limited to anti-money laundering laws and regulations applicable
to the Partnership, the General Partner or any of the other service providers of the Partnership); (ii) any exchange or quotation system
on which a significant portion of the assets of the Partnership is regularly traded or quoted is closed (other than for holidays) or
trading thereon is generally suspended or limited; (iii) the prices or values of any assets of the Partnership cannot reasonably be promptly
and accurately ascertained for any reason; (iv) trading by the Partnership, any exchange or quotation system is suspended or limited
and the General Partner determines that such suspension or limitation is material to the Partnership; (v) it is not possible to determine
the exact Net Assets of the Partnership; (vi) the General Partner determines in its sole discretion that a withdrawal could result in
assets of the Partnership becoming plan assets under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code; or (vii) in order to effect orderly
liquidation of the Partnership necessary to effect withdrawals. No interest will be paid with respect to amounts affected by suspension
of the determination of Net Assets or withdrawals. 

Notice
of any suspension will be given to any Limited Partner who has requested a withdrawal. If a withdrawal request is not withdrawn by a
Limited Partner following notification of a suspension, the withdrawal will be effective as of the end of the first month ending at least
fifteen days after the termination of the suspension. 

(d) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the General Partner, by written notice to any Limited Partner, may suspend payment of
withdrawal proceeds to such Limited Partner if the General Partner reasonably deems it necessary to do so to comply with anti-money
laundering laws and regulations applicable to the Partnership, the General Partner or any of the Partnership s other service
providers. 

8 

(e)
Chargebacks to Current or Former Partners . Even if a Limited Partner has rightfully received the return in whole or in part of
its capital account, whether upon withdrawal or distribution, it shall nevertheless remain liable to the Partnership for any sum, not
in excess of the amount returned, plus interest from the date of withdrawal or distribution in an amount deemed equitable by the General
Partner for loans of comparable maturity, to the extent necessary to discharge such Partner s allocable share of any loss, liability
or expense attributable to events arising before such return. Any Limited Partner found liable to the Partnership under this Paragraph
9(e) shall also be liable for any and all costs and expenses incurred by the Partnership, including but not limited to attorneys 
fees and costs of litigation, in connection with seeking the return of the amounts due hereunder. 

Each
Partner agrees, by subscribing for an Interest, to repay, if such Partner has withdrawn capital or received a distribution from the Partnership,
and irrespective of whether such Partner remains a Partner, to the Partnership any amount (including interest from the date of withdrawal
or distribution) which the General Partner may reasonably determine to be due to the Partnership from such Partner, for example, due
to any claims arising (prior or subsequent to such Partner s withdrawal from the Partnership) relating to events or circumstances
(whether known or unknown at the time of such Partner s withdrawal) in existence while such Partner was a Partner in the Partnership,
or in the event that the net asset value at which such Partner was permitted to withdraw is later determined to have been overstated
or otherwise miscalculated due to circumstances, whether known or unknown to the General Partner, in effect as of the date of such whole
or partial withdrawal. In no event shall any provision of this Paragraph 9(e) require any Limited Partner to repay to the Partnership
any amounts in excess of the amounts distributed to such Limited Partner by the Partnership or withdrawn from the Partnership by such
Limited Partner, plus interest thereon as provided above. 

(f)
No Guarantee of Return of Capital . No provision of this Agreement shall be construed as guaranteeing the return, either by the
General Partner or by the Partnership, of all or any part of the capital contributions made to the Partnership by any Limited Partner. 

10.
 Special Power of Attorney. 

Each
Limited Partner by the execution of this Agreement (directly or by power of attorney), or by otherwise acquiring an Interest and
becoming a Limited Partner in accordance with the terms hereof, does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint the General Partner,
with power of substitution, as its true and lawful attorney-in-fact, in its name, place and stead, to execute, acknowledge, swear
to, file and record on its behalf in the appropriate public offices (i) this Agreement and a Certificate of Limited Partnership
including amendments thereof; (ii) all instruments which the General Partner deems necessary or appropriate to reflect any
amendment, change or modification of the Partnership in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; (iii) certificates of assumed
name; and (iv) customer agreements with commodity brokerage firms. The Power of Attorney granted herein shall be irrevocable and
deemed to be a power coupled with an interest and shall survive the incapacity or death of a Limited Partner. Each Limited Partner
hereby agrees to be bound by any representation made by the General Partner and by any successor thereto, acting in good faith
pursuant to such Power of Attorney, and each Limited Partner hereby waives any and all defenses which may be available to contest,
negate or disaffirm the action of the General Partner and any successor thereto, taken in good faith under such Power of Attorney.
Each Limited Partner agrees to execute a special Power of Attorney on a document separate from this Agreement. In the event of any
conflict between this Agreement and any instrument filed by such attorney pursuant to the Power of Attorney granted in this
Paragraph, this Agreement shall control. 

11.
 Voluntary or Involuntary Withdrawal of a Partner; Removal
of General Partner 

(a) Subject
to Paragraph 11(b), the Partnership shall terminate and be dissolved upon the withdrawal, insolvency or dissolution of the General
Partner. The General Partner agrees that it will not voluntarily withdraw as General Partner of the Partnership except upon six
months written notice to the Limited Partners, or with the consent of the owners of more than fifty percent of the aggregate
value of outstanding Interests. The death, incompetency, withdrawal, insolvency or dissolution of a Limited Partner shall not
terminate or dissolve the Partnership and such Limited Partner, its estate, custodian or personal representative shall have no right
to withdraw the value of such Limited Partner s Interest except as provided in Paragraph 9 hereof. Any Limited Partner may be
required to withdraw its Interest and withdraw as a Limited Partner as of the end of any month on ten days written notice at
the sole discretion of the General Partner. In addition, the General Partner may require a Limited Partner to withdraw all or a
portion of such Limited Partner s Interest if the General Partner considers doing so to be desirable for the protection of the
Partnership, and will do so to the extent necessary to prevent the Partnership from holding plan assets for purposes
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code with respect to any employee benefit plan subject to ERISA or with respect to any
plan or account subject to Section 4975 of the Code. Any mandatory withdrawals effected to avoid causing the Partnership to hold
 plan assets will be effected in such manner as the General Partner, in its sole discretion, determines. The General
Partner will attempt to give all affected Limited Partners prior notice of such mandatory withdrawal but may effect such withdrawal
without prior notice. Each Limited Partner (and any other assignee) expressly agrees that in the event of its death, it waives on
behalf of itself and its estate, and directs the legal representatives of its estate and any person interested therein to waive, the
furnishing of any inventory, accounting or appraisal of the assets of the Partnership and any right to an audit or examination of
the books of the Partnership. Nothing in this Paragraph 11 shall, however, waive any right given elsewhere in this Agreement for a
Limited Partner to be informed of the Net Assets of the Partnership and the value of such Limited Partner s Interest, to
receive periodic reports, audited financial statements and other information from the General Partner or the Partnership or to
withdraw or transfer an Interest. 

9 

(b)
Removal of General Partner 

(1) The
General Partner may be removed as general partner upon an affirmative vote of Limited Partners owning more than fifty percent of the
aggregate value of the Interests then owned by Limited Partners. Solely for purposes of the preceding sentence, Limited Partner Interests
owned by the General Partner, its affiliates and their respective officers and employees shall be deemed not to be owned by Limited Partners.
Following such a vote, the Limited Partners may elect a replacement General Partner upon the affirmative vote of Limited Partners owning
more than fifty percent of the aggregate value of the Interests then owned by Limited Partners. 

(2) Upon
the occurrence of a vote to remove and replace the General Partner in accordance with Paragraph 11(b)(1), the General Partner being removed
and replaced shall be entitled to a Profit Share (as described in Paragraph 6(b)(4)) as of the date as of which the removal is effective,
in accordance with Paragraph 6(b)(4), to the same extent as if the date as of which the removal is effective was a fiscal year-end. 

12.
 No Personal Liability for Return of Capital. 

The
General Partner shall not be personally liable for the return or payment of all or any portion of the capital or profits of any Partner
(or assignee), it being expressly agreed that any such return of capital or profits made pursuant to this Agreement shall be made solely
from the assets (which shall not include any right of contribution from the General Partner) of the Partnership. 

13.
 Standard of Liability and Indemnification. 

(a)
Standard of Liability. The General Partner and its affiliates shall have no liability to the Partnership or to any Partner for
any loss suffered by the Partnership which arises out of any action or inaction of the General Partner or its affiliates if the General
Partner or its affiliates, in good faith, determined that such course of conduct was in the best interest of the Partnership and such
course of conduct did not constitute fraud, gross negligence or reckless or intentional misconduct of the General Partner or its affiliates. 

(b)
Indemnification of General Partner. The Partnership shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the General Partner and its
affiliates, principals and employees from and against any loss, liability, damage, cost or expense (including legal fees and
expenses incurred in defense of any demands, claims or lawsuits) arising from actions or omissions concerning business or activities
undertaken by or on behalf of the Partnership from any source, including without limitation any demands, claims or lawsuits
initiated by a Limited Partner (or assignee) or resulting from or relating to the offer and sale of Interests; provided that the
conduct which was the basis for such liability was not found by a court of competent jurisdiction upon entry of a final judgment to
be the result of fraud, gross negligence or reckless or intentional misconduct. Nothing contained herein shall increase the
liability of any Limited Partner to the Partnership beyond the amount of its capital and profits, if any, in the Partnership. All
rights to indemnification and payment of legal fees and expenses shall not be affected by the termination of the Partnership or the
withdrawal or insolvency of the General Partner. 

10 

Indemnification
of amounts reasonably claimed to be due to an indemnified party hereunder shall be advanced to such party upon such party s written
undertaking to repay, without interest, the amounts so advanced in the event, and to the extent, that indemnification is determined not
to be due hereunder. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, federal and state securities laws, and other applicable law, impose liabilities under certain circumstances on persons
who act in good faith. Therefore, nothing herein shall in any way constitute a waiver or limitation of any rights which the Partnership
or the Limited Partners may have under the securities laws or other applicable law. 

(c)
Indemnification of Partnership. In the event the Partnership is made a party to any claim, dispute or litigation or otherwise
incurs any loss or expense as a result of or in connection with any Partner s (or assignee s) obligations or liabilities
unrelated to the Partnership s business, such Partner (or assignees cumulatively) shall indemnify and reimburse the Partnership
for all loss and expense incurred, including reasonable attorneys fees. 

14.
 Additional Limited Partners. 

The
Partnership may from time to time offer and sell additional Interests at the sole discretion of the General Partner. A subscriber for
an Interest shall become a Limited Partner upon the acceptance of the subscription price for such Interest by the Partnership. 

15.
 Feeder Fund Subscriptions and Withdrawals. 

When
an investor in either Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. or Millburn Multi-Markets Ltd. (together, the Feeder Funds delivers
a subscription agreement to such Feeder Fund, the Feeder Fund shall be deemed to have made a subscription to the Partnership with respect
to such investor. Similarly, a Feeder Fund investor s request for a withdrawal or redemption from such Feeder Fund shall be deemed
to serve as the Feeder Fund s request for withdrawal from the Partnership with respect to any Interests corresponding to such Feeder
Fund investor. The subsequent withdrawal of the Feeder Fund from the Partnership and the withdrawal or redemption of the investor from
the Feeder Fund shall occur back-to-back. 

16.
 Amendments with Consent of the General Partner. 

If
at any time during the term of the Partnership the General Partner shall deem it necessary or desirable to amend this Agreement,
such amendment shall be effective if embodied in an instrument approved by the General Partner and by Limited Partners owning more
than fifty percent of the aggregate value of the Interests then owned by Limited Partners. Any such supplemental or amendatory
agreement shall be adhered to and have the same effect from and after its effective date as if the same had originally been embodied
in and formed a part of this Agreement; provided, however, that no such supplemental or amendatory agreement shall, without the
consent of all affected Limited Partners, modify the percentage of profits, losses or distributions to which any Partner is
entitled. In addition, reduction of the capital account of any Partner or assignee or modification of the percentage of profits,
losses or distributions to which any Partner or assignee is entitled hereunder shall not be effected by amendment or supplement to
this Agreement without such Partner s or assignee s consent. Any amendment of the two immediately preceding sentences
shall require the consent of all Partners. For purposes of obtaining approval of any proposed amendment to this Agreement requiring
less than unanimous consent or not requiring specific consent, the General Partner may require a response within a specified time,
but not less than fifteen (15) days, and failure by any Limited Partner to respond within such time Period shall constitute approval
of such proposed amendment. The foregoing notwithstanding, the General Partner may amend this Agreement without the consent of the
Limited Partners to clarify any inaccuracy or ambiguity or reconcile any inconsistency or with respect to administrative matters; to
preserve the status of the Partnership as a partnership for federal income tax purposes; to prevent the Partnership from becoming
subject to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; to avoid the assets of the Partnership being treated for any purpose of
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code as assets of any employee benefit plan as defined in and subject to ERISA or of any
 plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code (or any corresponding provisions of succeeding law) or to
avoid the Partnership s engaging in a prohibited transaction as defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code;
and to make any other change that does not have a material adverse impact on the Limited Partners, including, but not limited to,
setting forth the terms upon which additional series or classes of Interests are offered. 

11 

17.
 Side Letters. 

The
General Partner may, in its sole and absolute discretion, enter into, or cause the Partnership to enter into letter agreements or other
writings with individual Limited Partners that have the effect of establishing rights under, or altering or supplementing, the terms
of, this Agreement (collectively, Side Letters ). Any rights established, or any terms of this Agreement altered or supplemented
in a Side Letter with a Limited Partner shall govern with respect to such Limited Partner notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement. Such Side Letters or other writings may establish terms that are more or less favorable to such Limited Partner than those
available to others. Neither the Partnership nor the General Partner shall be obligated to enter into any such Side Letter or other writing,
and, if the Partnership or the General Partner enters into any such Side Letter or other writing with a Limited Partner, neither the
Fund nor the General Partner is obligated to offer comparable terms, Side Letters or other writings to other Limited Partners or prospective
Limited Partners. 

18.
 Governing Law. 

THE
VALIDITY AND CONSTRUCTION OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DETERMINED AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT REGARD TO
PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW. 

19.
 Miscellaneous. 

(a)
Priority Among Limited Partners . Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, no Limited Partner shall be entitled to any
priority or preference over any other Limited Partner in regard to the affairs of the Partnership. 

(b)
Notices . All notices under this Agreement, other than reports by the General Partner to the Limited Partners, shall be in writing
and shall be effective upon personal delivery, or if sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the last known
address of the party to whom such notice is to be given, then upon the deposit of such notice in the United States mail. Reports by the
General Partner to the Limited Partners shall be in writing and shall be sent by first class mail to the last known address of each Limited
Partner or, if agreed by the Limited Partner, by e-mail or other electronic form of distribution. 

(c)
Binding Effect . This Agreement shall inure to and be binding upon all of the parties, their successors, assigns as permitted
herein, custodians, executors, administrators, estates, heirs, legal survivors and personal representatives. For purposes of determining
the rights of any Partner or assignee hereunder, the Partnership and the General Partner may rely upon the Partnership records as to
who are Partners and assignees and all Partners and assignees agree that their rights shall be determined and that they shall be bound
thereby. 

(d)
Captions . Captions in no way define, limit, extend or describe the scope of this Agreement nor the effect of any of its provisions. 

(e)
Confidentiality . Each Limited Partner agrees that it and anyone having knowledge through it shall not make independent use of
or knowingly disclose to any other person any aspect of the General Partner s trading method, except that a Limited Partner may
communicate such information in confidence to its personal attorneys, accountants and tax advisers as is relevant to their services. 

(f)
Consent to Jurisdiction . All controversies arising hereunder or in connection with the affairs of the Partnership shall be brought
in the state or federal courts located in the State of Connecticut and all Partners and permitted assignees hereby irrevocably consent
to such jurisdiction and venue. 

(g)
Powers of Limited Partners . The Limited Partners shall take no part in the conduct or control of the Partnership business and
shall have no authority or power to act for or to bind the Partnership. 

12 

(h)
Manner of Execution. This Agreement may be executed by power-of-attorney embodied in a Subscription Agreement and Power of Attorney
or similar instrument with the same effect as if the parties executing the Subscription Agreement and Power of Attorney or similar instrument
had all executed one counterpart of this Agreement; provided that this Agreement may also be executed in several counterparts provided
that each separate counterpart shall have been executed by the General Partner. 

(i)
Tax Elections; Determination of Matters Not Provided for in this Agreement. The General Partner is designated as the Tax
Matters Partner and the partnership representative for the Partnership and shall be empowered to exercise any authority
granted to it under the Code and to make or revoke any elections now or hereafter required or permitted to be made by the Code or any
state or local tax law. The Partnership shall reimburse the costs and expenses of the partnership representative. The Partners agree,
upon request by the General Partner or the Partnership, to timely provide any information and comply with any requirements that the Partnership s
Tax Matters Partner or partnership representative determines is or are necessary or advisable to reduce the amount of any tax (including
an imputed underpayment of tax), interest, penalties or similar amounts the cost of which is (or would otherwise be) borne by the Partnership
(directly or indirectly). 

The
General Partner shall be empowered to decide in a fair and equitable manner any questions arising with respect to this Partnership or
to this Agreement, and to make such provisions as the General Partner deems to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the Partnership
but which are not specifically set forth herein. 

(j)
Entire Agreement; Amendment and Restatement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and amends, restates and supersedes all prior agreements (including the Prior Agreement) and
undertakings with respect hereto. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has executed this Agreement as of the year and date first above
written. 

General
Partner 

Millburn
Ridgefield Corporation 

By: 
 /s/Barry Goodman 

Barry
Goodman 

 Co Chief
Executive Officer and 

 Executive Director of Trading 

13 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-13.1>
 3
 millburnmulti_ex13-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 13.1

Exhibit 13.1 

Millburn
Multi-Markets Fund L.P. 

(A
Delaware Limited Partnership) 

Financial
Statements as of and for the Years Ended 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021, and Report of Independent 

 Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F- 1 

MILLBURN
MULTI-MARKETS FUND L.P. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page(s) 
 
 THIS
ANNUAL REPORT IS COMPRISED OF SECTION I CONTAINING THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF MILLBURN MULTI-MARKETS FUND L.P. AS OF AND FOR THE
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 AND SECTION II, CONTAINING THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF MILLBURN MULTI-MARKETS TRADING L.P. FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021. 

SECTION
I 

AFFIRMATION
 OF MILLBURN RIDGEFIELD CORPORATION 
 
 F-3 

REPORT
 OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 F-4 

FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021: 

Statements
 of Financial Condition 
 
 F-5 

Statements
 of Operations 
 
 F-6 

Statements
 of Changes in Partners Capital 
 
 F-7 

Statements
 of Financial Highlights 
 
 F-8
 F-9 

Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 
 F-10 
 F-13 

SECTION II FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF MILLBURN MULTI-MARKETS TRADING L.P. 
 
 F-14 

F- 2 

AFFIRMATION
OF MILLBURN RIDGEFIELD CORPORATION 

In
compliance with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission s regulations, I hereby affirm that to the best of my knowledge and belief,
the information contained in the Statements of Financial Condition of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, including the related Statements of Operations, Changes in Partners Capital and Financial Highlights for each of the two
years in the period ended December 31, 2022, are complete and accurate. 

Gregg
Buckbinder, President 

 Millburn
Ridgefield Corporation 
General Partner of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. 

F- 3 

30
Rockefeller Plaza 
 , NY 10112-0015 
 USA 

Tel: +1 212 492 4000 
Fax: +1 212 489 1687 
www.deloitte.com 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Partners of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P.: 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements and Financial Highlights 

We
have audited the accompanying statements of financial condition of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. (the Partnership ),
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in partners capital, and the financial
highlights for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes. In our opinion, the financial
statements and financial highlights present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Partnership as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, the changes in its partners capital, and the financial
highlights for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements and financial highlights are the responsibility of the Partnership s management. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on the Partnership s financial statements and financial highlights based on our audits. We are
a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements and financial highlights are free of material misstatement,
whether due to error or fraud. The Partnership is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Partnership s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements and financial highlights,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a
test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements and financial highlights. Our audits also
included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the financial statements and financial highlights. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as
of December 31, 2022, by correspondence with the custodian and brokers. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required
to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit
matters. 

/s/
Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 March 20, 2023 

We
have served as the auditor of one or more Millburn Ridgefield Corporation investment companies since 2004. 

F- 4 

MILLBURN
MULTI-MARKETS FUND L.P. 

STATEMENTS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Investment
 in Millburn Multi-Markets 

Trading
 L.P. (the Master Fund 

Due
 from the Master Fund 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 
 
 - 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND PARTNERS CAPITAL 

LIABILITIES: 

Capital
 contributions received in advance 
 
 - 
 
 Capital
 withdrawal payable to Limited Partners 

Capital
 withdrawal payable to General Partner 
 - 

Other
 liabilities 
 
 - 

Total
 liabilities 

PARTNERS 
 CAPITAL: 

General
 Partner 

Limited
 partners: 

Series
 A and units outstanding) 

Series
 B and units outstanding) 

Series
 C and units outstanding) 

Series
 D and units outstanding) 

Total
 limited partners 

Total
 partners capital 

TOTAL 

NET
 ASSET VALUE PER UNIT OUTSTANDING: 

Series
 A 

Series
 B 

Series
 C 

Series
 D 

See
notes to financial statements within this report and the report of Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. attached in Section II. 

F- 5 

MILLBURN
MULTI-MARKETS FUND L.P. 

STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

 YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 

NET
 INVESTMENT LOSS 

Interest
 income 

Interest
 income, net (allocated from the Master Fund) 

Total
 investment income 

Expenses: 

Management
 fees (allocated from the Master Fund) (see note 4) 

Brokerage
 commissions (allocated from the Master Fund) 

Selling
 commissions and platform fees (allocated from the Master Fund) (see note 4) 

Operating
 expenses (allocated from the Master Fund) (see note 5) 

Custody
 fees and other expenses (allocated from the Master Fund) 

Total
 expenses 

Net
 investment loss 

REALIZED
 AND UNREALIZED GAINS (LOSSES) 

ALLOCATED
 FROM THE MASTER FUND 

Net
 realized gains (losses) on closed positions: 

Futures
 and forward currency contracts 

Foreign
 exchange transaction 

Net
 change in unrealized: 

Futures
 and forward currency contracts 

Foreign
 exchange translation 

Net
 losses from U.S. Treasury notes: 

Realized 

Net
 change in unrealized 

Net
 realized and unrealized gains allocated from the Master Fund 

NET
 INCOME 

LESS
 PROFIT SHARE ALLOCATION FROM
 THE MASTER FUND 

NET
 INCOME AFTER PROFIT SHARE 

NET
 INCOME PER UNIT OUTSTANDING: 

Series
 A 

Series
 B 

Series
 C 

Series
 D 

See notes to financial statements within this report and
the report of Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. attached in Section II. 

F- 6 

MILLBURN
MULTI-MARKETS FUND L.P. 

STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN PARTNERS CAPITAL 

 YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

General 
 Limited
 Partners 

Partner 
 Series
 A 
 Series
 B 
 Series
 C 
 Series
 D 
 Total 

Amount 
 Amount 
 Units 
 Amount 
 Units 
 Amount 
 Units 
 Amount 
 Units 
 Amount 
 
 PARTNERS 
 CAPITAL January 1, 2021 

Capital
 contributions 
 - 

- 
 - 

Capital
 withdrawals 

Net
 income 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Profit
 share 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

PARTNERS 
 CAPITAL December 31, 2021 

Capital
 contributions 
 - 

Capital
 withdrawals 

Net
 income 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Profit
 share 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

PARTNERS 
 CAPITAL December 31, 2022 

NET
 ASSET VALUE PER UNIT December 31, 2021 

NET
 ASSET VALUE PER UNIT December 31, 2022 

See notes to financial statements within
this report and the report of Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. attached in Section II. 

F- 7 

MILLBURN
MULTI-MARKETS FUND L.P. 

STATEMENT
OF FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 

 YEAR
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

The
following information presents per unit operating performance data for each series for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Per
 Unit Performance 

(For
 a Unit Outstanding Throughout the Year) 
 Series
 A 
 Series
 B 
 Series
 C 
 Series
 D 
 
 NET
 ASSET VALUE PER UNIT Beginning of year 

GAIN
 (LOSS) ALLOCATED FROM THE MASTER FUND: 

Net
 investment loss (1) 

Total
 trading and investing gains (1) 

Net
 income before profit share allocation from the Master Fund 

Less
 profit share allocation from the Master Fund (1) (4) 

Net
 income after profit share allocation from the Master Fund 

NET
 ASSET VALUE PER UNIT End of year 

TOTAL
 RETURN BEFORE PROFIT SHARE ALLOCATION FROM THE MASTER
 FUND 

LESS:
 PROFIT SHARE ALLOCATION FROM THE MASTER FUND (4) 

TOTAL
 RETURN AFTER PROFIT SHARE ALLOCATION FROM THE MASTER
 FUND 

RATIOS
 TO AVERAGE NET ASSET VALUE: 

Expenses
 (2) 

Profit
share allocation from Master Fund (4) 

Total
 expenses 

Net
 investment loss (2) (3) 

(1) the
 net investment loss and profit share allocation from the Master Fund by the average number
 of units outstanding during the year. Total trading and investing losses is a balancing amount
 necessary to reconcile the change in net asset value per unit with the other per unit information. 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) rebalancing
 due to monthly capital activity. 

See
notes to financial statements within this report and the report of Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. attached in Section II. 

F- 8 

MILLBURN
MULTI-MARKETS FUND L.P. 

STATEMENT
OF FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 

 YEAR
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 

The
following information presents per unit operating performance data for each series for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Per
 Unit Performance 

(For
 a Unit Outstanding Throughout the Year) 
 Series
 A 
 Series
 B 
 Series
 C 
 Series
 D 
 
 NET
 ASSET VALUE PER UNIT Beginning of year 

LOSS
 ALLOCATED FROM THE MASTER FUND: 

Net
 investment loss (1) 

Total
 trading and investing gains (1) 

Net
 income before profit share allocation from the Master Fund 

Less
 profit share allocation from the Master Fund (1) (4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 income after profit share allocation from the Master Fund 

NET
 ASSET VALUE PER UNIT End of year 

TOTAL
 RETURN BEFORE PROFIT SHARE ALLOCATION FROM THE MASTER
 FUND 

LESS:
 PROFIT SHARE ALLOCATION FROM THE MASTER FUND (4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

TOTAL
 RETURN AFTER PROFIT SHARE ALLOCATION FROM THE MASTER
 FUND 

RATIOS
 TO AVERAGE NET ASSET VALUE: 

Expenses
 (2) 

Profit
 share allocation from Master Fund (4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total
 expenses 

Net
 investment loss (2) (3) 

(1) the
 net investment loss and profit share allocation from the Master Fund by the average number
 of units outstanding during the year. Total trading and investing losses is a balancing amount
 necessary to reconcile the change in net asset value per unit with the other per unit information. 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) rebalancing
 due to monthly capital activity. 

See
notes to financial statements within this report and the report of Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. attached in Section II. 

F- 9 

MILLBURN
MULTI-MARKETS FUND L.P. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

and , respectively, of total
partners capital of the Master Fund. 

As
the Partnership s sole investing activity during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of its investment in the
Master Fund, all amounts reflected in the Statements of Operations represent the Partnership s allocated amount of each item of
income and expense from the Master Fund. 

The
Partnership may make additional contributions to or redemptions from its investment in the Master Fund on a monthly basis subject to
approval of the General Partner of the Master Fund. 

The
General Partner of the Master Fund may have different management fee and profit share allocation agreements for the limited partners
of the Partnership as disclosed in the Master Fund s financial statements included in Section II of this annual report. 

 per month of net asset value per annum, fee reduced to
 from , effective April 1, 2021) of a limited partner s interest and a profit share. Such management fees and profit
share are allocated to the limited partners of the Partnership but charged at the Master Fund level. For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Partnership incurred Partnership-level management fees of and , respectively. These amounts are
included in the Statements of Operations under Management fees. The management fee and profit share are described in more
detail in the Master Fund s financial statements included in Section II of this annual report. 

The
original terms of the Series issued by the Partnership are: 1) Series A Units which, in addition to the management fees and profit share
allocable to the General Partner, are subject to selling commissions payable to Selling Agents equal to 1/12 of per annum) based
on the month-end Net Asset Value of such Series investment; 2) Series B Units which, in addition to the management fees and profit share
allocable to the General Partner, are subject to a platform fee of 1/12 of per annum) based on the month end net asset value
of such Series investment and are for those investors participating in asset-based or fixed fee registered investment adviser RIA platforms; and 3) Series C Units which are subject to the management fees and profit share allocable to the General Partner and are for
those investors participating in asset-based or fixed fee RIA platforms not subject to the Platform Fee. 

The
amended terms of the Series issued by the Partnership are: 1) Series A Units which, in addition to the management fees and profit share
allocable to the General Partner, are subject to selling commissions payable to Selling Agents equal to 1/12 of per annum) based
on the month-end Net Asset Value of such Series investment; 2) Series B Units and Series C Units, each have the same terms, are subject
to management fees and profit share allocable to the General Partner and are not subject to any fees payable to Selling Agents; and 3)
Series D Units which, in addition to the management fees and profit share allocable to the General Partner, are subject to selling commissions
payable to Selling Agents equal to 1/12 of per annum) based on the month-end Net Asset Value of such Series investment.
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no Platform Fees. Selling Commissions were as follows: 

Series
 D Units 

Amounts
were charged at the Master Fund level and allocated to applicable Partnership investors only. No amounts were allocated to Series B and
Series C Units. 

 per annum of the Partnership s
average month-end net asset value. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Partnership incurred Partnership-level administrative expenses
of and a pro-rata share of master expenses of , totaling . For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Partnership
incurred Partnership-level administrative expenses of and a pro-rata share of master expenses of , totaling .
These amounts are included in the Statements of Operations under Operating expenses. 

F- 13 

SECTION II 

F- 14 

Millburn
Multi-Markets Trading L.P. 

(A
Delaware Limited Partnership) 

Financial
Statements as of and for the Years Ended December 31, 
2022 and 2021, and Independent Auditor s Report 

F- 15 

MILLBURN
MULTI-MARKETS TRADING L.P. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page(s) 
 
 AFFIRMATION OF MILLBURN RIDGEFIELD CORPORATION 
 
 F-17 

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR S REPORT 
 
 F-18 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021: 

Statements of Financial Condition 
 
 F-19 

Condensed Schedules of Investments 
 
 F-20 F-23 

Statements of Operations 
 
 F-24 

Statements of Changes in Partners Capital 
 
 F-25 

Statements of Financial Highlights 
 
 F-26 F-27 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-28 F-45 

F- 16 

AFFIRMATION
OF MILLBURN RIDGEFIELD CORPORATION 

In
compliance with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission s regulations, I hereby affirm that to the best of my knowledge and belief,
the information contained in the Statements of Financial Condition of Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P., including the Condensed Schedules
of Investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related Statements of Operations, Changes in Partners Capital and
Financial Highlights for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, are complete and accurate. 

Gregg
Buckbinder, President 

 Millburn Ridgefield Corporation 
General Partner of Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. 

F- 17 

Deloitte
 Touche LLP 
 30
Rockefeller Plaza 
 New
York, NY 10112-0015 
 USA 

Tel: +1 212 492 4000 
Fax: +1 212 489 1687 
www.deloitte.com 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Partners of Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P.: 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements and Financial Highlights 

We
have audited the accompanying statements of financial condition of Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. (the Partnership ),
including the condensed schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations,
changes in partners capital, and the financial highlights for each of the two years in the period ended December 31,
2022, and the related notes. In our opinion, the financial statements and financial highlights present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Partnership as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations,
the changes in its partners capital, and the financial highlights for each of the two years in the period ended December 31,
2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements and financial highlights are the responsibility of the Partnership s management. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on the Partnership s financial statements and financial highlights based on our audits. We are
a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and auditing standards generally accepted in the United States
of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements and financial highlights are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Partnership is not required
to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are
required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements and financial highlights,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a
test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements and financial highlights. Our audits also
included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the financial statements and financial highlights. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as
of December 31, 2022, by correspondence with the custodian and brokers. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required
to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit
matters. 

/s/
Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 March 20,
2023 

We
have served as the auditor of one or more Millburn Ridgefield Corporation investment companies since 2004. 

F- 18 

MILLBURN MULTI-MARKETS TRADING L.P. 

STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 

 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

EQUITY IN TRADING ACCOUNTS: 

Investments in U.S. Treasury notes at fair value (amortized cost and 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures and forward currency contracts 

Due from brokers, net 

Cash denominated in foreign currencies (cost and 

Total equity in trading accounts 

INVESTMENTS IN U.S. TREASURY NOTES at fair value (amortized cost and 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

ACCRUED INTEREST RECEIVABLE 

OTHER ASSETS 

TOTAL 

LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS CAPITAL 

LIABILITIES: 

Net unrealized depreciation on open futures and forward currency contracts 
 - 

Cash overdrafts denominated in foreign currencies (cost and 

Subscriptions received in advance 

Capital withdrawal payable to Limited Partners 

Capital withdrawal payable to General Partner 

Management fee payable 

Selling commissions payable 

Accrued expenses 

Commissions and other trading fees on open futures contracts 

Total liabilities 

PARTNERS CAPITAL 

TOTAL 

See
notes to financial statements 

F- 19 

MILLBURN MULTI-MARKETS TRADING L.P. 

CONDENSED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

FUTURES AND FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACTS 
 Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) as a of Partners Capital 
 Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 
 
 FUTURES CONTRACTS 

Long futures contracts: 

Currencies 

Energies 

Grains 

Interest rates 

Livestock 

Metals 

Softs 

Stock indices 

Total long futures contracts 

Short futures contracts: 

Currencies 

Energies 

Grains 

Interest rates: 

Year U.S. Treasury Note contracts, settlement date 

Year U.S. Treasury Bond contracts, settlement date 

Other interest rates 

Total interest rates 

Metals 

Softs 

Stock indices 

Total short futures contracts 

TOTAL INVESTMENTS IN FUTURES CONTRACTS Net 

FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACTS 

Total long forward currency contracts 

Total short forward currency contracts 

TOTAL INVESTMENTS IN FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACTS Net 

TOTAL 

(Continued) 

F- 20 

MILLBURN MULTI-MARKETS TRADING L.P. 

CONDENSED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

U.S. TREASURY NOTES 

Face Amount 
 Description 
 Fair Value 
as a of Partners Capital 
 Fair Value 

U.S. Treasury notes, , 

U.S. Treasury notes, , 

U.S. Treasury notes, , 

U.S. Treasury notes, , 

Total investments in U.S. Treasury notes (amortized cost 

See notes to financial
 statements. 
 (Concluded) 

F- 21 

MILLBURN MULTI-MARKETS TRADING L.P. 

CONDENSED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2021 

FUTURES AND FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACTS 
 Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 
 as a of Partners Capital 
 Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 
 
 FUTURES CONTRACTS 

Long futures contracts: 

Currencies 

Energies 

Grains 

Interest rates 

Livestock 

Metals 

Softs 

Stock indices 

Total long futures contracts 

Short futures contracts: 

Currencies 

Energies 

Grains 

Interest rates 

Livestock 

Metals 

Softs 

Stock indices 

Total short futures contracts 

TOTAL INVESTMENTS IN FUTURES CONTRACTS Net 

FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACTS 

Total long forward currency contracts 

Total short forward currency contracts 

TOTAL INVESTMENTS IN FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACTS Net 

TOTAL 

(Continued) 

F- 22 

MILLBURN MULTI-MARKETS TRADING L.P. 

CONDENSED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2021 

U.S. TREASURY NOTES 

Face Amount 
 Description 
 Fair Value 
as a of Partners Capital 
 Fair Value 

U.S. Treasury notes, , 

U.S. Treasury notes, , 

U.S. Treasury notes, , 

Total investments in U.S. Treasury notes (amortized cost) 

See notes to financial
 statements. 
 (Concluded) 

F- 23 

MILLBURN MULTI-MARKETS TRADING L.P. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 INVESTMENT INCOME Interest income, net 

EXPENSES: 

Brokerage commissions 

Management fees 

Selling commissions 

Operating expenses 

Custody fees and other expenses 

Total expenses 

NET INVESTMENT LOSS 

REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAINS (LOSSES): 

Net realized gains (losses) on closed positions: 

Futures and forward currency contracts 

Foreign exchange transaction 

Net change in unrealized: 

Futures and forward currency contracts 

Foreign exchange translation 

Net losses from U.S. Treasury notes: 

Realized 

Net change in unrealized 

Total net realized and unrealized gains 

NET INCOME 

LESS PROFIT SHARE TO GENERAL PARTNER 

NET INCOME AFTER PROFIT SHARE TO GENERAL PARTNER 

See notes to financial statements 

F- 24 

MILLBURN MULTI-MARKETS TRADING L.P. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN PARTNERS CAPITAL 

 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
2021 

Limited Partners 
 New Profit Memo Account 
 General Partner 
 Total 
 
 PARTNERS CAPITAL
 January 1, 2021 
 
 - 

Contributions 
 
 - 
 - 

Withdrawals 
 
 - 

Net income (loss) 

General Partner s allocation
 profit share 

- 
 - 
 
 Transfer of New
 Profit Memo Account to General Partner 
 - 

- 

PARTNERS CAPITAL 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

Contributions 
 
 - 
 - 

Withdrawals 
 
 - 

Net income (loss) 

General Partner s allocation
 profit share 

- 
 - 
 
 Transfer of New
 Profit Memo Account to General Partner 
 - 

- 

PARTNERS 
 CAPITAL December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

See notes to financial statements 

F- 25 

MILLBURN MULTI-MARKETS TRADING L.P. 

STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 

 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
2021 

The following information presents financial
highlights of a Limited Partner that is charged a monthly management fee of 1/12 of 2.00 (fee reduced to 1.75 per annum, effective
April 1, 2021) and an annual profit share of 20 of Trading Profits (as defined in the Limited Partnership Agreement). 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Total return before General Partner profit share allocation 

Less: General Partner profit share allocation 
 
 - 

Total return after General Partner profit share allocation 

Ratios to average net asset value: 

Expenses (1)
 (2) 

General Partner profit share allocation 
 
 - 

Total
 expenses (1) 

Net
 investment loss (1)
 (2) 

Total returns and the ratios
to average net asset value are calculated for a Limited Partner. An individual Limited Partner s total returns and ratios may vary
from the above total returns and ratios based on different management fee and General Partner profit share allocation agreements and
the timing of contributions and withdrawals. 

(1) 

(2) 

See notes to financial statements 

F- 26 

MILLBURN MULTI-MARKETS TRADING L.P. 

STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 

 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
2021 

The following information presents financial highlights of Limited Partners as a whole. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Total return before General Partner profit share allocation 

Less: General Partner profit share allocation 

Total return after General Partner profit share allocation 

Ratios to average net asset value: 

Expenses (1)
 (2) 

General Partner profit share allocation 

Total expenses (1) 

Net investment loss (1)
 (2) 

Total returns and the
ratios to average net asset value are calculated for Limited Partners capital taken as a whole. An individual Limited
Partner s total returns and ratios may vary from the above total returns and ratios based on different management fee and
General Partner profit share allocation agreement and the timing of contributions and withdrawals. 

(1) 

(2) 

See notes to financial
statements 

F- 27 

MILLBURN
MULTI-MARKETS TRADING L.P. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Cayman Feeder 

Other (1) 

Total 

(1) 

Cayman Feeder 

Total 

U.S. Feeder 

Cayman Feeder 

Total 

Financial assets and
liabilities at fair value as of December 31, 2022 

- 

Short-Term Money Market Fund 
 
 - 

Exchange-traded futures contracts 

Currencies 
 
 - 

Energies 
 
 - 

Grains 
 
 - 

Interest rates 
 
 - 

Livestock 
 
 - 

Metals 
 
 - 

Softs 
 
 - 

Stock indices 
 
 - 

Total exchange-traded futures contracts 
 
 - 

Over-the-counter forward currency contracts 
 - 

Total futures and forward currency contracts (2) 

Total financial assets and liabilities at fair value 

Per line item in Statements of Financial Condition 

(1) 

Investments in U.S. Treasury notes held in equity trading accounts as collateral 

Investments in U.S. Treasury notes 

Total investments in U.S. Treasury notes 

(2) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures and forward currency contracts 

Net unrealized depreciation on open futures and forward currency contracts 
 - 
 
 Total net unrealized appreciation on open futures and forward currency contracts 

Financial assets and liabilities at fair value as of December 31, 2021 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Total 
 
 U.S. Treasury notes (1) 
 
 - 

Short-Term Money Market Fund 
 
 - 

Exchange-traded futures contracts 

Currencies 
 
 - 

Energies 
 
 - 

Grains 
 
 - 

Interest rates 
 
 - 

Livestock 
 
 - 

Metals 
 
 - 

Softs 
 
 - 

Stock indices 
 
 - 

Total exchange-traded futures contracts 
 
 - 

Over-the-counter forward currency contracts 
 - 

Total futures and forward currency contracts (2) 

Total financial assets and liabilities at fair value 

Per line item in Statements of Financial Condition 

(1) 

Investments in U.S. Treasury notes held in equity trading accounts as collateral 

Investments in U.S. Treasury notes 

Total investments in U.S. Treasury notes 

(2) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures and forward currency contracts 

Net unrealized depreciation on open futures and forward currency contracts 

Total net unrealized depreciation on open futures and forward currency contracts 

and of Trading Profits at the end of each year is charged to the limited
partners capital accounts. New Trading Profits include realized and unrealized trading profits (losses), interest income, brokerage
fees, trading-related expenses and administrative expenses. For limited partners withdrawals during the year, the profit share
calculation shall be computed as though the withdrawal date was at year-end. Profit share attributable to interests redeemed during a
year is tentatively credited to an account maintained for bookkeeping purposes called the New Profit Memo Account. Because limited partners
may purchase their partnership interests at different times, they may recognize different amounts of Trading Profits. Each limited partner
pays a profit share only on Trading Profits applicable to its partnership interest. Profit share will be determined based on the Trading
Profits of each limited partners investment in the Partnership as a whole rather than on the Trading Profits of each capital contribution
made by a limited partner. 

Any
profit share charged is added to the General Partner s capital account to the extent that net taxable capital gains are allocated
to the General Partner and the remainder, if any, of such profit share is added to the New Profit Memo Account. The General Partner may
not make any withdrawal from the balance in the New Profit Memo Account. If, at the end of a subsequent year, net taxable gains are allocated
to the General Partner in excess of such year s profit share, a corresponding amount is transferred from the New Profit Memo Account
to the General Partner s capital account. 

Profit
share allocation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Cayman Feeder 

Other (1) 

Total 

(1) 

Each
of these financial instruments is subject to various risks similar to those related to the underlying financial instruments including
market risk, credit risk, concentration risk and sovereign risk. 

Market
risk is the potential change in the value of the instruments traded by the Partnership due to market changes including interest and foreign
exchange rate movements and fluctuations in futures or security prices. Market risk is directly impacted by the volatility and liquidity
in the markets in which the related underlying assets are traded. The financial instruments traded by the Partnership contain varying
degrees of off-balance sheet risk whereby changes in the market values of the futures and forward currency contracts and the Partnership s
satisfaction of its obligations related to such market value changes may exceed the amount recognized in the Statements of Financial
Condition. 

Credit
risk is the possibility that a loss may occur due to the failure of a counterparty to perform according to the terms of a contract. Credit
risk is normally reduced to the extent that an exchange or clearing organization acts as counterparty to futures transactions since typically
the collective credit of the members of the exchange is pledged to support the financial integrity of the exchange. In the case of OTC
transactions, the Partnership must rely solely on the credit of the individual counterparties. The contract amounts of the forward currency
and futures contracts do not represent the Partnership s risk of loss due to counterparty nonperformance. The Partnership s
exposure to credit risk associated with counterparty nonperformance of these forward currency contracts is limited to the unrealized
gains inherent in such contracts which are recognized in the Statements of Financial Condition plus the value of margin or collateral
held in cash and U.S. Treasury Notes by the counterparty. The amount of such credit risk was and at December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
General Partner has established procedures to actively monitor market risk and minimize credit risk, although there can be no assurance
that it will in fact succeed in doing so. The General Partner s market risk control procedures include diversification of the Partnership s
portfolio and continuously monitoring the portfolio s open positions, historical volatility and maximum historical loss. The General
Partner seeks to minimize credit risk primarily by depositing and maintaining the Partnership s assets at financial institutions
and brokers which the General Partner believes to be creditworthy. The Partnership s trading activities are primarily with brokers
and other financial institutions located in North America, Europe and Asia. All futures transactions of the Partnership are cleared by
major securities firms, pursuant to customer agreements, including Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Deutsche
Bank AG), Goldman Sachs Co., and BofA Securities, Inc., collectively the Futures Clearing Brokers . For all forward
currency transactions, the Partnership utilizes two prime brokers, Deutsche Bank AG, and Bank of America, N.A. 

The
Partnership is subject to sovereign risk such as the risk of restrictions being imposed by foreign governments on the repatriation of
cash and the effects of political or economic uncertainties. Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
on futures and forward currency contracts are denominated in the Partnership s functional currency (U.S. Dollar). Cash settlement
of futures and forward currency contracts is made in the local currency (settlement currency) and then translated to U.S.
Dollars. Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on futures and forward currency contracts at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
by settlement currency type, denominated in U.S. Dollars, is detailed below: 

Brazilian real 

British pound 

Canadian dollar 

Euro 

Hong Kong dollar 

Japanese yen 

Korean won 

Malaysian ringgit 

Norwegian krone 

Polish zloty 

Singapore dollar 

South African rand 

Swedish krona 

Thai baht 

U.S. dollar 

Total 

The
Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815) of the Codification requires qualitative disclosure about objectives and strategies for using derivatives,
quantitative disclosures about fair value amounts of gains and losses on derivative instruments and disclosures about credit-risk-related
contingent features in derivative agreements. 

The
Partnership s market risk is influenced by a wide variety of factors, including the level and volatility of interest rates, exchange
rates, equity price levels, the market value of financial instruments and contracts, the diversification effects among the Partnership s
open positions and the liquidity of the markets in which it trades. 

The
Partnership engages in the speculative trading of futures and forward contracts on agricultural commodities, currencies, energies, interest
rates, metals, and stock indices. The following were the primary trading risk exposures of the Partnership at December 31, 2022
and 2021, by market sector: 

Agricultural
(grains, livestock and softs) The Partnership s primary exposure is to agricultural price movements which are often
directly affected by severe or unexpected weather conditions as well as supply and demand factors. 

Currencies
 Exchange rate risk is a principal market exposure of the Partnership. The Partnership s currency exposure is to exchange
rate fluctuations that disrupt the historical pricing relationships between different currencies and currency pairs. The fluctuations
are influenced by interest rate changes as well as political and general economic conditions. The Partnership trades in a large number
of currencies including cross-rates e.g., positions between two currencies other than the U.S. dollar. 

Energies
 The Partnership s primary energy market exposure is to gas and oil price movements often resulting from political developments
in the Middle East and economic conditions worldwide. Energy prices are volatile and substantial profits and losses have been and are
expected to continue to be experienced in this market. 

Interest
Rates Interest rate movements directly affect the price of the sovereign bond futures positions held by the Partnership and
indirectly the value of its stock index and currency positions. Interest rate movements in one country as well as relative interest rate
movements between countries may materially impact the Partnership s profitability. The Partnership s primary interest rate
exposure is to interest rate fluctuations in countries or regions including Australia, Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom,
the U.S., and the Eurozone. However, the Partnership also may take positions in futures contracts on the government debt of other countries.
The General Partner anticipates that interest rates in these industrialized countries or areas, both long-term and short-term, will remain
the primary interest rate market exposure of the Partnership for the foreseeable future. 

Metals
 The Partnership s metals market exposure is to fluctuations in the price of aluminum, copper, gold, lead, nickel, palladium,
platinum, silver, tin and zinc. 

Stock
Indices The Partnership s equity exposure, through stock index futures, is to equity price risk in the major industrialized
countries as well as other countries. 

The
Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815) of the Codification requires entities to recognize in the Statements of Financial Condition all derivative
contracts as assets or liabilities. Fair value of futures and forward currency contracts are first netted by the broker as discussed
in Note 2. Futures and forward currency contracts in a net asset or liability position are recorded in the Statements of Financial Condition
as Net unrealized appreciation on open futures and forward currency contracts or Net unrealized depreciation on
open futures and forward currency contracts, respectively. The Partnership s policy regarding fair value measurement is
discussed in Note 2. 

Since
the derivatives held or sold by the Partnership are for speculative trading purposes, the derivative instruments are not designated as
hedging instruments under the provisions of the Derivatives and Hedging guidance. Accordingly, all realized gains and losses, as well
as any change in net unrealized gains or losses on open positions from the preceding period, are recognized as part of the Partnership s
trading gains and losses in the Statements of Operations. 

The
following table presents the fair value of open futures and forward currency contracts, held long or sold short, at December 31,
2022 and 2021. Fair value, below, is presented on a gross basis even though the contracts are subject to master netting agreements and
qualify for net presentation in the Statements of Financial Condition. 

Fair Value of Futures and Forward Currency Contracts at December 31, 2022 

Energies 

Grains 

- 

Interest rates 
 - 

Livestock 

- 
 - 

Metals 

Softs 

Stock indices 

Total futures contracts 

Forward currency contracts 

Total futures and forward currency contracts 

Fair Value of Futures and Forward Currency Contracts at December 31, 2021 

Fair Value -
 Long Positions 
 Fair Value
 - Short Positions 
 Net Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Open 
 
 Sector 
 Gains 
 Losses 
 Gains 
 Losses 
 Positions 
 
 Futures contracts: 

Currencies 
 
 - 

Energies 

Grains 

Interest rates 

Livestock 
 - 

Metals 

Softs 

Stock indices 

Total futures contracts 

Forward currency contracts 

Total futures and forward currency contracts 

The
effect of trading futures and forward currency contracts is presented on the Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 as Net realized gains on closed positions: Futures and forward currency contracts and Net change in
unrealized: Futures and forward currency contracts. These trading gains and losses are detailed below: 

Trading
gains (losses) of futures and forward currency contracts for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Energies 

Grains 

Interest rates 

Livestock 

Metals 

Softs 

Stock indices 

Total futures contracts 

Forward currency contracts 

Total futures and forward currency contracts 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the monthly average number of future contracts bought and sold and the monthly average
notional value of forward currency contracts traded are detailed below: 

Average sold 

Average notional 

The
Customer Agreement between the Partnership, the Futures Clearing Brokers and the FX Prime Brokers gives the Partnership the legal right
to net unrealized gains and losses on open futures and foreign currency contracts. The Partnership netted, for financial reporting purposes,
the unrealized gains and losses on open futures and forward currency contracts on the Statements of Financial Condition as the criteria
under ASC 210-20, Balance Sheet , were met. 

The
following tables summarize the valuation of the Partnership s investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Offsetting of derivative assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022 

Counterparty J 

Counterparty L 

Total futures contracts 

Forward currency contracts 

Counterparty G 

Counterparty K 

Total forward contracts 

Total assets 

Amounts Not Offset in the Statements of Financial Condition 

Net amounts of Assets presented in the 
Statements
 of 

Counterparty 
 
 Financial 
 Condition 

Financial 
 Instruments 

Collateral 
 Received (1)(2) 

Net Amount (3) 

Counterparty C 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Counterparty J 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Counterparty L 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Counterparty G 
 
 - 
 - 

Counterparty K 
 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

(1) settlement is guaranteed
by the exchange. 

(2) of Financial
Condition, for each respective counterparty. 

(3) 

Offsetting of derivative assets and liabilities at December 31, 2021 

Assets 
 Gross amounts of recognized assets 
 Gross amounts offset in the Statements of Financial Condition 
 Net amounts of assets presented in the Statements of Financial Condition 
 
 Futures contracts 

Counterparty J 

Counterparty L 

Total futures contracts 

Total assets 

Liabilities 
 Gross amounts of recognized liabilities 
 Gross amounts offset in the Statements of Financial
 Condition 
 Net amounts of liabilities presented in the Statements of 
 Financial Condition 
 
 Futures contracts 

Counterparty C 

Forward currency contracts 

Counterparty G 

Counterparty K 

Total forward contracts 

Total liabilities 

Amounts Not Offset in the Statements of Financial Condition 

Net amounts of Assets presented in the 
Statements
 of 

Counterparty 
 Financial 
 Condition 
 Financial Instruments 
 Collateral 
 Received (1)(2) 
 Net Amount (3) 
 
 Counterparty J 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Counterparty L 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Amounts Not Offset in the Statements of Financial Condition 

Net amounts of Liabilities presented in the 
Statements of 

Counterparty 
 Financial Condition 
 Financial Instruments 
 Collateral 
 Pledged (1)(2) 
 Net Amount (4) 
 
 Counterparty C 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Counterparty G 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Counterparty K 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 - 
 
 - 

(1) settlement is guaranteed
by the exchange. Collateral pledged includes both cash and U.S. Treasury notes held at each respective counterparty. 

(2) of Financial
Condition, for each respective counterparty. 

(3) 

(4) 

, effective April 1, 2021) and of Trading Profits and 2) limited partners capital taken as a whole.
The computation of such ratios based on the amount of expenses and profit share allocation assessed to an individual partner s
capital account may vary from these ratios based on the timing of capital transactions and differences in individual partner s
management fee, selling commission, and profit share allocation arrangements. 

Returns
are calculated based on 1) a limited partner that is charged a monthly management fee of 1/12 of 1.75 (1.75 per annum, fee reduced
to 1.75 from 2.00 , effective April 1, 2021) and 20 of Trading Profits and 2) limited partners capital taken as a whole.
An individual partner s returns may vary from these returns based on the timing of capital transactions and differences in individual
partners management fee, selling commission, and profit share allocation arrangements. 

Cayman Feeder 

Total 

The
remaining interests are held by direct investors in the Partnership. 

The
capital withdrawals payable at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively, detailed below. 

U.S. Feeder 

Cayman Feeder 
 - 

Total 

(1) 

During
February 2020, the Cayman Feeder created a new GBP share class. As the Cayman Feeder determines its net asset value in U.S. dollars
and the GBP share class s functional currency is British Pound Sterling, an investment in the GBP share class involves exchange-rate
risk. It s the Master Fund s general practice to enter into a one-month forward currency contract at the beginning of each
month for the purpose of hedging the GBP share class beginning of month exposure to U.S. dollars. Hedging the Cayman Feeder s
GBP share class exposure to U.S. dollars takes place at the Master Fund level. In the event of mid-month investor subscriptions or redemptions,
the Master Fund may increase or decrease its hedge by entering into one or more additional forward currency contracts. The Master Fund
may or may not adjust the hedge during a month for profits and losses. All gains and losses and all expenses of such currency hedging
will be allocated at the Master Fund level to the Class GBP Shares. 

were made to the Partnership and withdrawals
of were made from the Partnership. The General Partner has performed its evaluation of subsequent events through March 20,
2023, the date the financial statements were issued. Based on such evaluation, no further events were discovered that required adjustment
to or disclosure in the financial statements. 

F- 45 

</EX-13.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 millburnmulti_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I,
Barry Goodman, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Barry Goodman 

Barry
 Goodman 

Co-Chief
 Executive Officer 

Millburn
 Ridgefield Corporation 

General
 Partner, Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 millburnmulti_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I,
Grant N. Smith, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Grant N. Smith 

Grant
 N. Smith 

Co-Chief
 Executive Officer 

Millburn
 Ridgefield Corporation 

General
 Partner, Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 6
 millburnmulti_ex31-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.3

Exhibit
31.3 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I,
Gregg Buckbinder, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Gregg Buckbinder 

Gregg
 Buckbinder 

President
 and Chief Operating Officer 

Millburn
 Ridgefield Corporation 

General
 Partner, Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-31.4>
 7
 millburnmulti_ex31-4.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.4

Exhibit
31.4 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I,
Ilon Wu, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Ilon Wu 

Ilon
 Wu 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Millburn
 Ridgefield Corporation 

General
 Partner, Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. 

</EX-31.4>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 millburnmulti_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE 

I,
Barry Goodman, certify that (i) the Annual Report of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. (the Partnership on Form 10-K
for the period ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in such Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

/s/
 Barry Goodman 

Barry
 Goodman 

Co-Chief
 Executive Officer 

Millburn
 Ridgefield Corporation 

General
 Partner 

Millburn
 Multi-Markets Fund L.P. 

March 31,
 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 millburnmulti_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE 

I,
Grant N. Smith, certify that (i) the Annual Report of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. (the Partnership on Form 10-K
for the period ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in such Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

/s/
 Grant N. Smith 

Grant
 N. Smith 

Co-Chief
 Executive Officer 

Millburn
 Ridgefield Corporation 

General
 Partner 

Millburn
 Multi-Markets Fund L.P. 

March 31,
 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 10
 millburnmulti_ex32-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.3

Exhibit
32.3 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE 

I,
Gregg Buckbinder, certify that (i) the Annual Report of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. (the Partnership on Form 10-K
for the period ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in such Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

/s/
 Gregg Buckbinder 

Gregg
 Buckbinder 

President
 and Chief Operating Officer 

Millburn
 Ridgefield Corporation 

General
 Partner 

Millburn
 Multi-Markets Fund L.P. 

March 31,
 2023 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-32.4>
 11
 millburnmulti_ex32-4.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.4

Exhibit
32.4 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE 

I,
Ilon Wu, certify that (i) the Annual Report of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. (the Partnership on Form 10-K
for the period ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in such Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

/s/
 Ilon Wu 

Ilon
 Wu 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Millburn
 Ridgefield Corporation 

General
 Partner 

Millburn
 Multi-Markets Fund L.P. 

March 31,
 2023 

</EX-32.4>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 millmmm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 millmmm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 millmmm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 millmmm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

