<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230209_10-K_edgar_data_1582249_0001213900-23-009695.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4795677</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>321919</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>940981</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1097211</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1194481</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1092917</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-009695.hdr.sgml : 20230209
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230209150220
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-009695
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20220930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230209
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230209

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rasna Therapeutics Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001582249
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				392080103
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-191083
		FILM NUMBER:		23605751

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		420 LEXINGTON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2525
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10170
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-396-4087

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		420 LEXINGTON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2525
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10170

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Active With Me Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130723

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-009695.txt : 20230209

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_rasnathera.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) 

, , ,

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code) 

Telephone: 

(Registrant s telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Yes 

Indicate by check if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark if
disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will
not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definition
of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was as of March
31, 2022, based upon the closing price on the OTCQB market reported for such date. 

Indicate the number of shares
outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: shares of common
stock were issued and outstanding as of February 7, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

1 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 19 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 46 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 46 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 46 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 46 

PART II 

47 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 47 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 
 47 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 48 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 56 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 56 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 57 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 57 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 58 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 58 

PART III 

59 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 59 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 62 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 63 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 64 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 66 

PART IV 

67 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 67 

SIGNATURES 
 
 68 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 F-1 

i 

PART I 

Forward Looking Statements. 

This annual report contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as may , should , expects , plans , anticipates ,
 believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative
of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled Risk Factors , any of which may cause our or our industry s
actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks include, by way of example and not in
limitation:. 

This list is not an exhaustive list of the factors
that may affect any of our forward-looking statements. These and other factors should be considered carefully and readers should not place
undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. 

Forward looking statements are made based on management s
beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date the statements are made and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements
if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in
the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except
as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking
statements to conform these statements to actual results. 

Our financial statements are stated in United
States dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 

In this annual report, unless otherwise specified,
all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to common stock refer to the common shares
in our capital stock. 

As used in this annual report, the terms we ,
 us , our , Rasna and the Company mean Rasna Therapeutics, Inc. unless the context
clearly requires otherwise. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

General. 

We are a leukemia-focused biotechnology company
that has been developing therapeutics to address the unmet need that exists for acute myeloid leukemia, or AML, and other forms of leukemia
and lymphoma. AML is generally a disease of older adults, with onset typically after the age of 45 (average patient age approximately
68 years old). Our strategy is to develop small molecule drug candidates targeting the LSD1 gene, which is considered to control major
pathways underlying etiology of majority of AML sub-types. 

RASP-201 is a novel, orally dosed, selective reversible
inhibitor of lysine specific demethylase, or LSD1, a pathway that blocks differentiation and confers a poor prognosis to AML. We expect
RASP-201 to display a safer metabolic profile than competitor irreversible inhibitors such as GSK2879552 (GlaxoSmithKline) and ORY-1001
(Oryzon/Roche). RASP-201 when dosed orally shows in vivo therapeutic utility in murine (mouse) models of AML. 

1 

Our primary indication is AML which may be fatal
within weeks to months, has a 5-year survival rate of only about 25 and very poor prospects for long-term survival of patients.
Treatment options for AML comprise a variety of chemotherapy regimens, biologic agents, and stem cell transplantation. Current standard
chemotherapy regimens cure only a minority of patients with AML. As a result, all patients should be evaluated for entry into well-designed
clinical trials. If a clinical trial is not available, the patient can be treated with standard therapy. For consolidation chemotherapy
or for the management of toxic effects of chemotherapy, readmission is required. Our strategy is to target master regulators of cancer
through deep knowledge of highly conserved pathways that are common to leukemia sub-types. Employing a multi-pronged approach, our programs
are focused on three druggable intervention points with a potential to improve safety and efficacy of current AML mono
and/or combination therapies. 

Leukemia Overview and Market Opportunity 

Leukemia is a cancer of the blood or bone marrow
involving abnormal proliferation of white blood cells, called WBCs or leukocytes. Leukemia is caused by a mutation of the DNA in bone
marrow stem cells resulting in the abnormal multiplication of leukocytes. If untreated, surplus leukocytes will overwhelm the bone marrow,
enter the bloodstream and eventually invade other parts of the body, such as the lymph nodes, spleen, liver, and central nervous system.
In this way, the behavior of leukemia is different from that of other cancers, which usually begin in major organs and ultimately spread
to the bone marrow. Leukemia is an umbrella term covering a large group of blood cancers. 

All leukemia arises from mutations or damage to
the DNA within the blood cells. These mutations may occur spontaneously or as a result of exposure to radiation or carcinogenic substances.
Ionizing radiation, as well as exposure to chemicals such as benzene, increases the risk of AML, while agricultural chemicals have been
linked to an increased incidence of chronic lymphocytic leukemia, or CLL. A weak immune system, some virus forms such as human T-cell
Leukemia virus I, or HTLV-1, genetic predisposition, cigarette smoking, and reactions to some therapeutic drugs are also implicated in
the etiology of leukemia. 

Diagnosis, Treatment, and Management 

The first symptoms of leukemia are often vague
and are correlated with other disorders. Common symptoms include fatigue and malaise, excessive bruising, and abnormal bleeding due to
low platelet count. Further symptoms can include weight loss, bone and joint pain, infection and fever, and an enlarged spleen, lymph
nodes and liver. After a blood test, several blood abnormalities such as anemia, or leucopenia may be observed, and in most cases a bone
marrow test is required to confirm the diagnosis. 

The preliminary diagnostic test for leukemia is
a blood cell count, which is followed by immune-phenotyping to assess whether the abnormal lymphocyte levels are caused by inflammation
or cancer. The physician may also require additional confirmatory tests such as cytogenetic analysis or bone marrow sampling. 

The specific variety and combination of anticancer
drugs prescribed depends on the form and stage of the disease. For example, treatment for AML, the most common form of leukemia, usually
involves chemotherapy with cytotoxic cytarabine in conjunction with an anthracycline such as daunorubicin or idarubicin. Because of the
severity of the cytotoxic treatment, bone marrow transplants, or BMTs are sometimes necessary. By transplanting healthy bone marrow into
the body, BMTs help rebuild tissue damaged by the treatment. Interferon, or INF, therapy, particularly with INF-alpha, is an alternative
or additional treatment offered to almost all newly diagnosed patients in these markets. However, it is very difficult to cure, even though
early treatment indicates it will help people to live longer. 

The standard first-line treatment strategy for
CLL for patients who might not be able to tolerate the side effects of strong chemotherapy is to be treated with chlorambucil alone or
with a monoclonal antibody like rituximab (Rituxan) or obinutuzumab (Gazyva). Other options include ibrutinib (Imbruvica), rituximab alone,
or a corticosteroid like prednisone. 

Other drugs or combinations of drugs may also
be also used. If the only problem is an enlarged spleen or swollen lymph nodes in one region of the body, localized treatment with low-dose
radiation therapy may be used. Splenectomy (surgery to remove the spleen) is another option if the enlarged spleen is causing symptoms. 

In addition, very high numbers of leukemia cells
in the blood causes problems with normal circulation. This is called leukostasis. Leukapheresis is also sometimes used before chemotherapy
if there are very high numbers of leukemia cells (even when they aren t causing problems) to prevent tumor lysis syndrome. 

2 

Upon the failure of first line therapy, the standard
therapy is usually to administer many of the drugs and combinations listed above as potential second-line treatments. For many people
who have already had fludarabine, alemtuzumab seems to be helpful as second-line treatment, but it carries an increased risk of infections.
Other purine analog drugs, such as pentostatin or cladribine (2-CdA), may also be tried. Newer drugs such as ofatumumab, ibrutinib, idelalisib
(Zydelig), and venetoclax (Venclexta) may be other options. If these types of chemotherapy fail, the next option is usually a bone marrow
transplant. A stem cell transplant is a third treatment option depending on leukemia response. 

Our business strategy focuses on differentiated
targeted therapies for genetic pathways which are known to be involved in etiologies of number of leukemia and other cancers. Our clinical
program is based around three druggable intervention points with potential to improve safety and efficacy of current AML therapies,
namely stemness (activation of stem cell-like growth patterns), cell signaling (between nucleus and cytoplasm) and stress-induced apoptosis (programmed
cell death). Our focus is to target two specific genetic pathways NPM1 and LSD1, which are known to be associated with etiologies of a
number of cancers, including AML (Figure 1). 

Figure 1 Key Regulators for Developing Targeted
AML Therapies 

Roles of LSD1 in Tumorigenesis 

Leukemia arises due to DNA damage or mutations.
Chromosomal aberrations involving LSD1 have been found in patients with non-Hodgkin lymphoma, acute promyelocytic leukemia, myelodysplastic
syndrome, and AML. Thus, targeting LSD1 is an appropriate approach for treatment of AML. In addition, combination of therapies targeting
these two genes could also be effective in treatment of relapse AML. 

3 

The histone H3K4/K9 demethylase LSD1 can regulate
gene activation and repression in epigenetic regulation and is a key effector of the differentiation block in MLL -rearranged
leukemia. High LSD1 expression blocks differentiation and is associated with a poor prognosis in AML. LSD1 can be targeted by tranylcypromine
analogs or downregulated by RNA interference which induces differentiation of MLL -rearranged leukemic cells. A number of different
small molecular inhibitors of LSD1 have been in clinical evaluation. While this class of inhibitors has shown clinical activity in AML
patients, toxicities associated with irreversible inhibitors prohibited their further development. Reversible inhibitors of LSD1 have
shown good potential for further development. 

Other Leukemias 

Differences between the different leukemias are
dependent on the types of cells involved. Myeloid leukemias originate in the bone marrow and involve granulocytes, white and red blood
cells. Lymphoid leukemias, including lymphomas, originate in the lymph nodes and lymphoid tissue but involve immune cells including lymphocytes,
T cells and B cells. MDS are group of bone marrow failure disorders that have various subtypes with variable onsets, prognoses and risks
of developing leukemia. 

RASP-201 (LSD1) 

LSD1 is an enzyme that demethylates (remove methyl
groups) lysine side chain of histones. The levels of LSD1 are elevated (overexpressed) in several human cancers as compared to healthy
normal adults. In AML, elevated levels of LSD1 are observed in less differentiated blood cells (immature cells). Inhibition of the enzyme
activity was found to promote differentiation. Hence, inhibitors of LSD1 are promising therapeutic candidates that can make drug-insensitive
forms of AML, due to reduced levels of methylated histones, responsive to treatment with all-trans-retinoic acid, or ATRA an agent that
induces differentiation (maturation)and used to treat a subtype of AML called acute promyelocytic leukemia, or APL. 

Working from this premise, we executed a research
agreement with TES Pharma for screening of compounds and to conduct animal studies to identify lead compounds with suitable druggability
properties. TES Pharma has screened ~34000 compounds across 4 chemical series for their ability to inhibit LSD1 in vitro . The hit
rate was ~1 . The hits from this assay were expanded and IC50 (half maximal inhibitory concentration) values were determined for 115 compounds.
One chemical class namely, Thienopyrrole series was prioritized for further expansion and in vitro characterization. 

We have filed patent applications covering this
novel potent inhibitor class. The current lead compound DDP_43242 inhibitory effect on the LSD1 in in-vitro assay and in-vivo 
efficacy in two AML animal models. 

These studies have facilitated the selection of
DDP_43242 as the current lead compound. Additional absorption, distribution, metabolism and excretion, or ADME, and selectivity characterization
is underway for drug candidate selection for clinical trials. We anticipate filing an investigation new drug application, or IND, in the
near future. We believe that this breakthrough program may have significant benefits across all forms of leukemia. We are focusing on
reversible small molecular inhibitors of LSD1 because these compounds are expected to exhibit less toxicity while retaining desirable
efficacy. 

4 

Strategy 

Our strategy is to target master regulators of
cancer through deep knowledge of highly conserved pathways that are common to leukemia sub-types. Employing a multi-pronged approach,
our programs are focused on two druggable intervention points with a potential to improve safety and efficacy of current AML mono and/or
combination therapies. For the RASP-201 program, the lead reversible LSD-1 candidate has been identified and manufacturing will be
scaled for production of cGMP supplies for animal safety/toxicology studies, Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical studies to support
submission via the traditional 505(b)(1) regulatory pathway used for new chemical entities, or NCEs. We expect to use a similar pathway
for the RASP-301 program, following identification of the lead drug candidate. 

Complete development of orally-available, small molecule, highly-selective, reversible inhibitor of LSD1 (RASP-201) and file IND in the near future. Manufacture of the lead RASP -201 candidate will be scaled to supply animal safety/toxicology studies and Phase 1, 2 and 3 clinical studies following the traditional 505(b)(1) pathway used for marketing approval of NCEs. 

Evaluate strategic opportunities to accelerate development timelines and maximize the commercial potential of the drug candidates. Such opportunities may include partnering to achieve business objectives and achieve maximum return on investment. 

Manufacturing 

We do not have any manufacturing facilities or
personnel. We currently rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the manufacturing of our product candidates for preclinical
as well as for commercial manufacturing if our product candidates receive marketing approval. 

Commercialization 

We plan to retain our worldwide commercialization
rights for some of our key product candidates while for other product candidates we might consider partnership opportunities to maximize
returns. 

While we currently have no sales, marketing or
commercial product distribution capabilities and have no experience as a company in commercializing products, we intend to build our own
commercialization organization and capabilities over time. When appropriate, we will decide whether to build a specialty sales force to
manage commercialization for these product candidates on our own or in combination with a larger pharmaceutical partner, to maximize patient
coverage in the United States and to support global expansion especially as our programs have substantial opportunity for additional follow-up
indications alone or in combinations. 

As product candidates advance through our pipeline,
our commercial plans may change. Clinical data, the size of the development programs, the size of the target market, the size of a commercial
infrastructure and manufacturing needs may all influence our United States, European Union and rest-of-world strategies 

Government Regulation 

The FDA and comparable regulatory authorities
in state and local jurisdictions and in other countries impose substantial and burdensome requirements upon companies involved in the
clinical development, manufacture, marketing and distribution of drugs, such as those we are developing. These agencies and other federal,
state and local entities regulate, among other things, the research and development, testing, manufacture, quality control, safety, effectiveness,
labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, advertising and promotion, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling
and export and import of our product candidates. 

5 

U.S. Government Regulation of Drug Products 

In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs
under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and its implementing regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals
and the subsequent compliance with applicable federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial
time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process,
approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as the FDA s
refusal to approve pending NDAs, withdrawal of an approval, imposition of a clinical hold, issuance of warning letters, product recalls,
product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution,
disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties. 

The process required by the FDA before product
candidates may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 

submission to the FDA of an IND application which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin and must be updated annually; 

completion of extensive preclinical laboratory tests and preclinical animal studies, all performed in accordance with the FDA s GLP regulations. Preclinical testing generally includes evaluation of our products in the laboratory or in animals to characterize the product and determine safety and efficacy; 

approval by an independent institutional review board, or IRB, at each clinical site before each trial may be initiated; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with good clinical practice, or GCP, requirements to establish the safety and efficacy of the product candidate for each proposed indication; 

submission to the FDA of a NDA after completion of all pivotal clinical trials; 

a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA to accept the filing for review; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA advisory committee review, if applicable; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities at which the active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, and finished drug product are produced and tested to assess compliance with cGMP regulations and to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug s identity, strength, quality and purity; 

satisfactory completion of FDA audits of clinical trial sites to assure compliance with GCPs and the integrity of the clinical data; 

payment of user fees and securing FDA approval of the NDA; and 

compliance with any post-approval requirements, including the potential requirement to implement a REMS and the potential requirement to conduct post-approval studies. 

Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluation
of product chemistry, toxicity and formulation, as well as animal studies to assess potential safety and efficacy. An IND is a request
for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational drug product to humans. The central focus of an IND submission is on the
general investigational plan and the protocol(s) for human studies. The IND also includes results of preclinical studies or other human
studies, as appropriate, as well as manufacturing information, analytical data and any available clinical data or literature to support
the use of the investigational new drug. An IND must become effective before human clinical trials may begin. An IND will automatically
become effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time the FDA raises concerns or questions related to the proposed
clinical trials. In such a case, the IND may be placed on clinical hold and the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns
or questions before clinical trials can begin. Accordingly, submission of an IND may or may not result in the FDA allowing clinical trials
to commence. As a result, submission of an IND may not result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence. 

6 

Clinical trials involve the administration of
the new investigational drug to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCPs, which include
the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials
are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety,
and the efficacy criteria to be evaluated. A protocol for each clinical trial and any subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted
to the FDA as part of the IND. 

Additionally, approval must also be obtained from
each clinical trial site s Institutional Review Board, or IRB, before the trials may be initiated, and the IRB must monitor the
study until completed. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and clinical trial results to public
registries. 

The clinical investigation of a drug is generally
divided into three phases. Although the phases are usually conducted sequentially, they may overlap or be combined. The three phases of
an investigation are as follows: 

1. 
 Phase 1. Phase 1 includes the initial introduction of an investigational new drug into humans. Phase 1 clinical trials are typically closely monitored and may be conducted in patients with the target disease or condition or in healthy volunteers. These studies are designed to evaluate the safety, dosage tolerance, metabolism and pharmacologic actions of the investigational drug in humans, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness. During Phase 1 clinical trials, sufficient information about the investigational drug s pharmacokinetics and pharmacological effects may be obtained to permit the design of well-controlled and scientifically valid Phase 2 clinical trials. 

2. 
 Phase 2. Phase 2 includes controlled clinical trials conducted to preliminarily or further evaluate the effectiveness of the investigational drug for a particular indication(s) in patients with the disease or condition under study, to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage, and to identify possible adverse side effects and safety risks associated with the drug. Phase 2 clinical trials are typically well-controlled, closely monitored, and conducted in a limited patient population. 

3. 
 Phase 3. Phase 3 clinical trials are generally controlled clinical trials conducted in an expanded patient population generally at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. They are performed after preliminary evidence suggesting effectiveness of the drug has been obtained, and are intended to further evaluate dosage, clinical effectiveness and safety, to establish the overall benefit-risk relationship of the investigational drug product, and to provide an adequate basis for product approval. 

A pivotal study is any clinical study, which adequately
meets regulatory agency requirements for the evaluation of a drug candidate s efficacy and safety such that it can be used to justify
the approval of the product. Generally, pivotal studies are Phase 3 studies but may also be Phase 2 studies if the trial design provides
a well-controlled and reliable assessment of clinical benefit, particularly in situations where there is an unmet medical need. 

Progress reports detailing the results of the
clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and more frequently if serious adverse events occur. Phase 1, Phase 2 and
Phase 3 clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, or at all. The FDA, the IRB, or the clinical trial
sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects are being
exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Additionally, some clinical trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized
by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. This group provides authorization for whether or
not a trial may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the study. We may also suspend or terminate
a clinical trial based on evolving business objectives and/or competitive climate. 

Assuming successful completion of all required
testing in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, detailed investigational drug product information is submitted to the
FDA in the form of an NDA requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications. 

The application includes all relevant data available
from pertinent preclinical and clinical trials, including negative or ambiguous results as well as positive findings, together with detailed
information relating to the product s chemistry, manufacturing, controls and proposed labeling, among other things. Data can come
from company-sponsored clinical trials intended to test the safety and effectiveness of a use of a product, or from a number of alternative
sources, including studies initiated by investigators. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must be sufficient in quality
and quantity to establish the safety and effectiveness of the investigational drug product to the satisfaction of the FDA. 

7 

In most cases, the submission of an NDA is subject
to a substantial application user fee. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, guidelines that are currently in effect, the
FDA has a goal of ten months from the date of filing of a standard NDA for a new molecular entity to review and act on the
submission. This review typically takes twelve months from the date the NDA is submitted to FDA because the FDA has approximately two
months to make a filing decision. 

In addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity
Act of 2003, or PREA, as amended and reauthorized, certain NDAs or supplements to an NDA must contain data that are adequate to assess
the safety and effectiveness of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations, and to support dosing and
administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may, on its own initiative or at
the request of the applicant, grant deferrals for submission of some or all pediatric data until after approval of the product for use
in adults, or full or partial waivers from the pediatric data requirements. 

The FDA also may require submission of a risk
evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, plan to ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh its risks. The REMS plan could include
medication guides, physician communication plans, assessment plans, and/or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution
methods, patient registries, or other risk minimization tools. 

The FDA conducts a preliminary review of all NDAs
within the first 60 days after submission, before accepting them for filing, to determine whether they are sufficiently complete to permit
substantive review. The FDA may request additional information rather than accept an NDA for filing. In this event, the application must
be resubmitted with the additional information. The resubmitted application is also subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing.
Once the NDA submission has been accepted for filing, the FDA s goal is to review applications within ten months of submission or,
if the application relates to an unmet medical need in a serious or life-threatening indication, six months from submission. The review
process is often significantly extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. The FDA may refer the application
to an advisory committee for review, evaluation and recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound
by the recommendation of an advisory committee but it typically follows such recommendations. 

The FDA will not approve an application unless
it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent
production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving an NDA, the FDA may inspect one or more clinical
trial sites to assure compliance with GCP requirements. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing
processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required
specifications. Additionally, before approving an NDA, the FDA may inspect one or more clinical trial sites to assure compliance with
GCP requirements. 

After the FDA evaluates the NDA and conducts inspections
of manufacturing facilities where the drug product and/or its active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, will be produced, it may issue
an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing
information for specific indications. A Complete Response Letter indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete and the
application is not ready for approval. A Complete Response Letter may require additional clinical data and/or an additional pivotal Phase
3 clinical trial(s), and/or other significant, expensive and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, preclinical studies
or manufacturing. Even if such additional information is submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the NDA does not satisfy the criteria
for approval. The FDA could also approve the NDA with a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies, or REMS, plan to mitigate risks, which
could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods,
patient registries and other risk minimization tools. The FDA also may condition approval on, among other things, changes to proposed
labeling, development of adequate controls and specifications, or a commitment to conduct one or more post-market studies or clinical
trials. Such post-market testing may include Phase 4 clinical trials and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product s
safety and effectiveness after commercialization. Regulatory approval of oncology products often requires that patients in clinical trials
be followed for long periods to determine the overall survival benefit of the drug. The FDA may prevent or limit further marketing of
a product based on the results of post-marketing studies or surveillance programs. After approval, some types of changes to the approved
product, such as adding new indications, manufacturing changes, and additional labeling claims, are subject to further testing requirements
and FDA review and approval. 

8 

After regulatory approval of a drug product is
obtained, a company is required to comply with a number of post-approval requirements. As a holder of an approved NDA, we would be required
to report, among other things, certain adverse reactions and production problems to the FDA, to provide updated safety and efficacy information,
and to comply with requirements concerning advertising and promotional labeling for any of our products. Also, quality control and manufacturing
procedures must continue to conform to cGMP after approval to ensure and preserve the long-term stability of the drug product. In addition,
drug manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs are required to register their establishments
with the FDA and state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and these state agencies for compliance
with cGMP requirements. In addition, changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated, and, depending on the significance of
the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any
deviations from cGMP and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon us and any third-party manufacturers that we may decide
to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain
compliance with cGMP and other aspects of regulatory compliance. 

We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third
parties for the production of clinical and commercial quantities of our product candidates. Future FDA and state inspections may identify
compliance issues at our facilities or at the facilities of our contract manufacturers that may disrupt production or distribution, or
require substantial resources to correct. In addition, discovery of previously unknown problems with a product or the failure to comply
with applicable requirements may result in, among other things, 

restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; 

fines, warning letters or holds on post-approval clinical trials; 

refusal of the FDA to approve pending NDAs or supplements to approved NDAs, or suspension or revocation of product approvals; 

product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; or 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

Newly discovered or developed safety or effectiveness
data may require changes to a product s approved labeling, including the addition of new warnings and contraindications, and also
may require the implementation of other risk management measures. The FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion
of products that are placed on the market. Drugs or devices may be promoted only for the approved indications and in accordance with the
provisions of the approved label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label
uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability. Also, from time
to time, legislation is drafted, introduced and passed in Congress that could significantly change the statutory provisions governing
the approval, manufacturing and marketing of products regulated by the FDA. In addition, FDA regulations and guidance are often revised
or reinterpreted by the agency in ways that may significantly affect our business and our products. It is impossible to predict whether
legislative changes will be enacted, or FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations changed or what the impact of such changes, if any,
may be. 

Marketing Exclusivity 

Market exclusivity provisions under the FDCA also
can delay the submission or the approval of certain applications. The FDCA provides a five-year period of non-patent marketing exclusivity
within the United States to the first applicant to obtain approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity. A drug is a new chemical entity
if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety, which is the molecule or ion responsible
for the action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an abbreviated new drug application,
or ANDA, or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for another version of such drug where the applicant does not own or have a legal
right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification
of patent invalidity or non-infringement. The FDCA also provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA or supplement
to an approved NDA if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant
are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application, for example, for new indications, dosages or strengths of an
existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the conditions associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit
the FDA from approving ANDAs for drugs containing the original active pharmaceutical ingredient. Five-year and three-year exclusivity
will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA; however, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct or obtain
a right of reference to all of the preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety
and effectiveness. 

9 

The Hatch-Waxman Amendments: 505(b)(2) approval
process 

Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA provides an alternate
regulatory pathway to FDA approval for new or improved formulations or new uses of previously approved drug products. Specifically, Section
505(b)(2) permits the filing of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted by
or for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. The applicant may rely upon the FDA s findings
of safety and effectiveness for an approved product that acts as the Reference Listed Drug, or RLD. If the 505(b)(2) applicant can establish
that reliance on FDA s previous findings of safety and effectiveness is scientifically appropriate, it may eliminate the need to
conduct certain preclinical or clinical studies of the new product. The FDA may also require 505(b)(2) applicants to perform additional
studies or measurements to support the change from the RLD. The FDA may then approve the new product candidate for all or some of the
labeled indications for which the referenced product has been approved, as well as for any new indication sought by the Section 505(b)(2)
applicant. 

In seeking approval for a drug through an NDA,
including a 505(b)(2) NDA, applicants are required to list with the FDA certain patents whose claims cover the applicant s product.
Upon approval of an NDA, each of the patents listed in the application for the drug is then published in the Orange Book. Any applicant
who files an ANDA seeking approval of a generic equivalent version of a drug listed in the Orange Book or a 505(b)(2) NDA referencing
a drug listed in the Orange Book must certify to the FDA that (1) no patent information on the drug product that is the subject of the
application has been submitted to the FDA; (2) such patent has expired; (3) the date on which such patent expires; or (4) such patent
is invalid or will not be infringed upon by the manufacture, use or sale of the drug product for which the application is submitted. This
last certification is known as a paragraph IV certification. A notice of the paragraph IV certification must be provided to each owner
of the patent that is the subject of the certification and to the holder of the approved NDA to which the ANDA or 505(b)(2) application
refers. The applicant may also elect to submit a section viii statement certifying that its proposed label
does not contain (or carves out) any language regarding the patented method-of-use rather than certify to a listed method-of-use patent.
If the reference NDA holder and patent owners assert a patent challenge directed to one of the Orange Book listed patents within 45 days
of the receipt of the paragraph IV certification notice, the FDA is prohibited from approving the application until the earlier of 30
months from the receipt of the paragraph IV certification expiration of the patent, settlement of the lawsuit or a decision in the infringement
case that is favorable to the applicant. The ANDA or 505(b)(2) application also will not be approved until any applicable non-patent exclusivity
listed in the Orange Book for the branded reference drug has expired. 

Our current and anticipated product candidates
will be based on already approved active pharmaceutical ingredients, or APIs, rather than new chemical entities, and a formulation that
has been through Phase 1 studies. Accordingly, we expect to be able to rely on information from previously conducted formulation studies
involving our clinical development plans and our NDA submissions. For product candidates that involve novel fixed-dose combinations of
existing drugs or for studies of an existing product or product candidate in a new indication, we believe we generally will be able to
initiate Phase 2/3 studies without conducting any new non-clinical or Phase 1 studies, though the FDA may not agree with our conclusions
and may require us to conduct additional clinical or preclinical studies prior to initiating Phase 3 or other pivotal clinical trials.
In those instances where our product candidate is a pharmacokinetically enhanced version of an approved API, we will need to conduct certain
non-clinical and Phase 1 studies to confirm the pharmacokinetic profile of the product candidate prior to conducting Phase 2/3 studies. 

U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 

The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, to which
we are subject, prohibits corporations and individuals from engaging in certain activities to obtain or retain business or to influence
a person working in an official capacity. It is illegal to pay, offer to pay or authorize the payment of anything of value to any foreign
government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate to obtain or retain business or to otherwise influence
a person working in an official capacity. 

10 

Federal and State Fraud and Abuse Laws 

Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party
payors play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of drug and biologic product candidates which obtain marketing approval.
In addition to FDA restrictions on marketing of pharmaceutical products, pharmaceutical manufacturers are exposed, directly, or indirectly,
through customers, to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may affect the business or financial
arrangements and relationships through which a pharmaceutical manufacturer can market, sell and distribute drug and biologic products.
These laws include, but are not limited to: 

The federal Anti-Kickback Statute which prohibits,
any person or entity from, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting, or receiving any remuneration, directly
or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in-kind, to induce or reward either the referring of an individual for, or the purchasing,
leasing, ordering, or arranging for the purchase, lease, or order of any healthcare item or service reimbursable, in whole or in part,
under Medicare, Medicaid, or any other federally financed healthcare program. The term remuneration has been broadly interpreted
to include anything of value. This statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on one hand
and prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers on the other hand. Although there are a number of statutory exemptions and regulatory
safe harbors protecting certain common activities from prosecution, the exemptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and practices
that involve remuneration intended to induce prescribing, purchases, or recommendations may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify
for an exemption or safe harbor. 

The federal false claims and civil monetary penalty
laws, including the Federal False Claims Act, which imposes significant penalties and can be enforced by private citizens through civil
qui tam actions, prohibits any person or entity from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false, fictitious
or fraudulent claim for payment to the federal government, or knowingly making, using or causing to be made, a false statement or record
material to a false or fraudulent claim to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. In addition,
a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent
claim for purposes of the False Claims Act. As a result of a modification made by the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009, a claim
includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government. In addition, manufacturers can be
held liable under the False Claims Act even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to cause 
the submission of false or fraudulent claims. Criminal prosecution is also possible for making or presenting a false, fictitious or fraudulent
claim to the federal government. Recently, several pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws
for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product.
Other companies have been prosecuted for causing false claims to be submitted because of the company s marketing of the product
for unapproved, and thus non-reimbursable, uses. 

The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which, among other things, imposes criminal liability for executing or attempting to execute a scheme to defraud
any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare
benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and creates federal criminal laws that prohibit
knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent
statements or representations, or making or using any false writing or document knowing the same to contain any materially false, fictitious
or fraudulent statement or entry in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, benefits, items or services. 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology
and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and its implementing regulations, which impose certain requirements relating to the privacy,
security, transmission and breach reporting of individually identifiable health information upon entities subject to the law, such as
health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and healthcare providers and their respective business associates that perform services for them
that involve individually identifiable health information. HITECH also created new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to
make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil
actions for damages or injunctions in U.S. federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated
with pursuing federal civil actions. 

The federal physician payment transparency requirements,
sometimes referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, and its implementing regulations, which require certain manufacturers
of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health
Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the United States Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, information
related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and
chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. 

State and foreign law equivalents of each of the
above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws, that may impose similar or more prohibitive restrictions, and may apply
to items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers. 

11 

State and foreign laws that require pharmaceutical
companies to implement compliance programs, comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant
compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government, or to track and report gifts, compensation and other remuneration provided
to physicians and other healthcare providers, and other federal, state and foreign laws that govern the privacy and security of health
information or personally identifiable information in certain circumstances, including state health information privacy and data breach
notification laws which govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of health-related and other personal information, many
of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not pre-empted by HIPAA, thus requiring additional compliance efforts. 

Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness
of the safe harbors, it is possible that some business activities can be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. The scope
and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially
in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny
of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions
and settlements in the healthcare industry. 

Ensuring that business arrangements with third
parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations is costly and time consuming. If business operations are found to be in
violation of any of the laws described above or any other applicable governmental regulations a pharmaceutical manufacturer may be subject
to penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, exclusion
from governmental funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits
and future earnings, additional reporting obligations and oversight if subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to
resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and curtailment or restructuring of operations, any of which could adversely affect
a pharmaceutical manufacturer s ability to operate its business and the results of its operations. 

Healthcare Reform in the United States 

In the United States, there have been, and continue
to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes to the healthcare system that could affect the future results
of pharmaceutical manufactures operations. In particular, there have been and continue to be a number of initiatives at the federal
and state levels that seek to reduce healthcare costs. Most recently, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or PPACA, was enacted
in March 2010, which includes measures to significantly change the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers.
Among the provisions of the PPACA of greatest importance to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry are the following: 

an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain branded prescription drugs and biologic agents, apportioned among these entities according to their market share in certain government healthcare programs; 

implementation of the federal physician payment transparency requirements, sometimes referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act 

a licensure framework for follow-on biologic products; 

a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; 

establishment of a Center for Medicare Innovation at the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription drug spending; 

an increase in the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, to 23.1 and 13 of the average manufacturer price for most branded and generic drugs, respectively and capped the total rebate amount for innovator drugs at 100 of the Average Manufacturer Price, or AMP; 

a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for certain drugs and biologics, including our product candidates, that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected; 

12 

extension of manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; 

expansion of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to additional individuals and by adding new mandatory eligibility categories for individuals with income at or below 133 of the federal poverty level, thereby potentially increasing manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability; 

a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50 point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; and 

expansion of the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health program. 

Some of the provisions of the PPACA have yet to
be implemented, and there have been legal and political challenges to certain aspects of the PPACA. Since January 2017, former President
Trump has signed two executive orders and other directives designed to delay, circumvent, or loosen certain requirements mandated by the
PPACA. Concurrently, Congress has considered legislation that would repeal or repeal and replace all or part of the PPACA. While Congress
has not passed repeal legislation, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 includes a provision repealing, effective January 1, 2019, the tax-based
shared responsibility payment imposed by the PPACA on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part
of a year that is commonly referred to as the individual mandate . Congress may consider other legislation to repeal or replace
elements of the PPACA. 

Many of the details regarding the implementation
of the PPACA are yet to be determined, and at this time, the full effect that the PPACA would have on a pharmaceutical manufacturer remains
unclear. In particular, there is uncertainty surrounding the applicability of the biosimilars provisions under the PPACA. The FDA has
issued several guidance documents, but no implementing regulations, on biosimilars. A number of biosimilar applications have been approved
over the past few years. The regulations that are ultimately promulgated and their implementation are likely to have considerable impact
on the way pharmaceutical manufacturers conduct their business and may require changes to current strategies. A biosimilar is a biological
product that is highly similar to an approved drug notwithstanding minor differences in clinically inactive components, and for which
there are no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the approved drug in terms of the safety, purity, and
potency of the product. 

Individual states have become increasingly aggressive
in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price
or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access, and marketing cost disclosure and transparency
measures, and to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally mandated price controls on payment amounts by
third-party payors or other restrictions could harm a pharmaceutical manufacturer s business, results of operations, financial condition
and prospects. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine
what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. This could
reduce ultimate demand for certain products or put pressure product pricing, which could negatively affect a pharmaceutical manufacturer s
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

In addition, given recent federal and state government
initiatives directed at lowering the total cost of healthcare, Congress and state legislatures will likely continue to focus on healthcare
reform, the cost of prescription drugs and biologics and the reform of the Medicare and Medicaid programs. While no one cannot predict
the full outcome of any such legislation, it may result in decreased reimbursement for drugs and biologics, which may further exacerbate
industry-wide pressure to reduce prescription drug prices. This could harm a pharmaceutical manufacturer s ability to generate revenue.
Increases in importation or re-importation of pharmaceutical products from foreign countries into the United States could put competitive
pressure on a pharmaceutical manufacturer s ability to profitably price products, which, in turn, could adversely affect business,
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. A pharmaceutical manufacturer might elect not to seek approval for or market
products in foreign jurisdictions in order to minimize the risk of re-importation, which could also reduce the revenue generated from
product sales. It is also possible that other legislative proposals having similar effects will be adopted. 

Furthermore, regulatory authorities assessment
of the data and results required to demonstrate safety and efficacy can change over time and can be affected by many factors, such as
the emergence of new information, including on other products, changing policies and agency funding, staffing and leadership. No one can
be sure whether future changes to the regulatory environment will be favorable or unfavorable to business prospects. For example, average
review times at the FDA for marketing approval applications can be affected by a variety of factors, including budget and funding levels
and statutory, regulatory and policy changes. 

13 

International Regulations 

In addition to regulations in the United States,
we are and will be subject to a variety of foreign regulations regarding development, approval, commercial sales and distribution of our
products. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we must obtain the necessary approvals by the comparable regulatory authorities
of foreign countries before we can commence clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. The approval process varies
from country to country and can involve additional product testing and additional review periods, and the time may be longer or shorter
than that required to obtain FDA approval. The requirements governing, among other things, the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing,
pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from country to country. Regulatory approval in one country does not ensure regulatory approval
in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may negatively impact the regulatory process in others.
If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory
approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. 

To obtain regulatory approval of an investigational
drug under European Union regulatory systems, we must submit a marketing authorization application. The application used to file the NDA
in the United States is similar to that required in Europe, with the exception of, among other things, country-specific document requirements.
For other countries outside of the European Union, such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing
the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, again, the clinical
trials are conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin
in the Declaration of Helsinki. 

If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory
requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure
of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. 

Centralized Procedure 

The European Medicines Agency, or EMA, implemented
the centralized procedure for the approval of human medicines to facilitate marketing authorizations that are valid throughout the EU.
This procedure results in a single marketing authorization issued by the European Commission following a favorable opinion by the EMA
that is valid across the European Union, as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. The centralized procedure is compulsory for human
medicines that are: derived from biotechnology processes, such as genetic engineering, contain a new active substance indicated for the
treatment of certain diseases, such as HIV/AIDS, cancer, diabetes, neurodegenerative disorders or autoimmune diseases and other immune
dysfunctions, and officially designated orphan medicines. For medicines that do not fall within these categories, an applicant has the
option of submitting an application for a centralized marketing authorization to the EMA, as long as the medicine concerned is a significant
therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation, or if its authorization would be in the interest of public health. 

There are also two other possible routes to authorize
medicinal products in several European Union countries, which are available for investigational medicinal products that fall outside the
scope of the centralized procedure: the decentralized procedure and the mutual recognition procedure. Under the decentralized procedure,
an applicant may apply for simultaneous authorization in more than one EU country for medicinal products that have not yet been authorized
in any EU country and that do not fall within the mandatory scope of the centralized procedure. Under the mutual recognition procedure,
a medicine is first authorized in one EU Member State, in accordance with the national procedures of that country. Following a national
authorization, the applicant may seek further marketing authorizations from other EU countries under a procedure whereby the countries
concerned agree to recognize the validity of the original, national marketing authorization. 

In the EU, medicinal products designated as orphan
drug products benefit from financial incentives such as reductions in marketing authorization application fees or fee waivers and 10 years
of marketing exclusivity following medicinal product approval. For a medicinal product to qualify as orphan drugs: (i) it must be intended
for the treatment, prevention or diagnosis of a disease that is life-threatening or chronically debilitating; (ii) the prevalence of the
condition in the EU must not be more than five in 10,000 or it must be unlikely that marketing of the medicine would generate sufficient
returns to justify the investment needed for its development; and (iii) no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of
the condition concerned can be authorized, or, if such a method exists, the medicine must be of significant benefit to those affected
by the condition. 

14 

Other Regulations 

We are also subject to numerous federal, state
and local laws relating to such matters as safe working conditions, manufacturing practices, environmental protection, fire hazard control,
and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances and biological materials. We may incur significant costs to comply with
such laws and regulations now or in the future. 

Reimbursement 

Obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval
for a product from a government or other third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process that can require the provision of supporting
scientific, clinical and cost effectiveness data for the use of drug or biologic products to the payor. There may be significant delays
in obtaining such coverage and reimbursement for newly approved products, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which
the product is approved by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside of the United States. Moreover, eligibility for coverage
and reimbursement does not imply that a product will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers operating costs, including research,
development, intellectual property, manufacture, sale and distribution expenses. Reimbursement rates may vary according to the use of
the product and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on reimbursement levels already set for lower cost products and
may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net prices for products may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates
required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of product
from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. 

There is significant uncertainty related to the
insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment
limitations in setting their own reimbursement policies, but also have their own methods and approval process apart from Medicare coverage
and reimbursement determinations. It is difficult to predict what third party payors will decide with respect to coverage and reimbursement
for new drug and biologic product candidates. An inability to promptly obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement rates from both government-funded
and private payors for any approved products could have a material adverse effect on a pharmaceutical manufacturer s operating results,
ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products and overall financial condition. 

Reimbursement may impact the demand for, and/or
the price of, any product which obtains marketing approval. Even if coverage is obtained for a given product by a third-party payor, the
resulting reimbursement payment rates may not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Patients who
are prescribed medications for the treatment of their conditions, and their prescribing physicians, generally rely on third-party payors
to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with those medications. Patients are unlikely to use products unless coverage is provided
and reimbursement is adequate to cover all or a significant portion of the cost of the products. Therefore, coverage and adequate reimbursement
is critical to new product acceptance. Coverage decisions may depend upon clinical and economic standards that disfavor new drug products
when more established or lower cost therapeutic alternatives are already available or subsequently become available. 

The U.S. government, state legislatures and foreign
governmental entities have shown significant interest in implementing cost containment programs to limit the growth of government-paid
healthcare costs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and coverage and requirements for substitution of generic products
for branded prescription drugs. Adoption of government controls and measures, and tightening of restrictive policies in jurisdictions
with existing controls and measures, could exclude or limit our products from coverage and limit payments for pharmaceuticals. 

In addition, it is expected that the increased emphasis on managed
care and cost containment measures in the United States by third-party payors and government authorities will continue and place further
pressure on pharmaceutical pricing and coverage. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if
favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more drug products that gain regulatory approval, less favorable coverage
policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 

15 

Intellectual Property 

Our success depends, in part, on our ability to
obtain, maintain, and enforce patents and other proprietary protections of our commercially important technologies and product candidates,
to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others, and to maintain trade secrets or other proprietary know-how, both in the
United States and other countries. Our ability to stop third parties from making, using, selling, offering to sell or importing our products
will depend on the extent to which we have rights under valid and enforceable patents or trade secrets that protect these activities.
We seek to protect proprietary technology, inventions, and improvements that are commercially important to our business by seeking, maintaining,
and defending patent rights, whether developed internally or licensed from third parties. 

We have two active patent families relating to
our dactinomycin program. Currently, we have one granted US patent and ten pending patent applications in these families in the US, Australia,
Canada, Europe, and Japan. 

We also have an exclusive license to patents and
patent applications across seven different patent families relating to our LSD1 program. We currently have four granted patents and two
pending application in the U.S. We also have granted patents and/or pending applications in these families in Europe, Australia, Brazil,
Canada, China, Eurasia, India, Israel, Japan, Mexico, and South Africa. 

The patent positions of biotechnology companies
like ours are generally uncertain and involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions. In addition, the coverage claimed in a
patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued. Consequently, we do not know whether the product candidates
we are developing will gain patent protection or, if patents are issued, whether they will provide significant proprietary protection
or will be challenged, circumvented, invalidated, or found to be unenforceable. Because patent applications in the United States and certain
other jurisdictions are maintained in secrecy for 18 months, and since publication of discoveries in the scientific or patent literature
often lags behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain of the priority of inventions or filing dates covered by pending patent applications.
Moreover, we may have to participate in post-grant proceedings, interference proceedings, or third-party ex parte or inter partes 
reexamination proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or in opposition proceedings in a foreign patent office, any of
which could result in substantial cost to us, even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. There can be no assurance that the patents,
if issued, would be held valid and enforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction. An adverse outcome could subject us to significant
liabilities to third parties, require disputed rights to be licensed from third parties or require us to cease using specific compounds
or technology. To the extent prudent, we intend to bring litigation against third parties that we believe are infringing one or more of
our patents or other intellectual property rights. 

The term of individual patents depends upon the
legal term of the patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in which we file, the patent term is 20 years
from the earliest date of filing a non-provisional patent application. In the United States, a patent term may be lengthened by patent
term adjustment, which compensates a patentee for administrative delays by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in granting a patent,
or may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over another patent. Certain of our patents currently benefit from patent term
adjustment and some of our patents issuing in the future may benefit from patent term adjustment. 

The patent term of a patent that covers an FDA-approved
product may also be eligible for patent term extension, which permits patent term restoration as compensation for the patent term lost
during the FDA regulatory review process. The Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, or the Hatch-Waxman Act,
permits a patent term extension of up to five years beyond the expiration of the patent. The length of the patent term extension is related
to the length of time the product is under regulatory review. Patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond
a total of 14 years from the date of product approval and only one patent applicable to an approved product may be extended. Similar provisions
are available in Europe and other non-U.S. jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved product. In the future,
if and when our product candidates receive FDA approval, we expect to apply for patent-term extensions on patents covering those products. 

To protect our rights to any of our issued patents
and proprietary information, we may need to litigate against infringing third parties, or avail ourselves of the courts or participate
in hearings to determine the scope and validity of those patents or other proprietary rights. These types of proceedings are often costly
and could be very time-consuming to us, and there can be no assurance that the deciding authorities will rule in our favor. An unfavorable
decision could allow third parties to use our technology without being required to pay us licensing fees or may compel us to license needed
technologies to avoid infringing third-party patent and proprietary rights. Such a decision could even result in the invalidation or a
limitation in the scope of our patents or forfeiture of the rights associated with our patents or pending patent applications. 

16 

We intend to seek orphan drug status whenever
it is available. If a product which has an orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first regulatory approval for the indication
for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan exclusivity, meaning that the applicable regulatory authority may
not approve any other applications to market the same drug for the same indication, except in certain very limited circumstances, for
a period of seven years in the United States and 10 years in the European Union. Orphan drug designation does not prevent competitors
from developing or marketing different drugs for an indication. 

We also rely on trade secret protection for our
confidential and proprietary information. No assurance can be given that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent
proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or disclose such technology, or that we can meaningfully
protect our trade secrets. However, we believe that the substantial costs and resources required to develop technological innovations
will help us to protect the competitive advantage of our products. 

It is our policy to require our employees, consultants,
outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement
of employment or consulting or collaborative relationships with us. These agreements provide that all confidential information developed
or made known to the individual during the course of the individual s relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not disclosed
to third parties except in specific circumstances. In the case of employees, the agreements provide that all inventions conceived by the
individual shall be and are our exclusive property. There can be no assurance, however, that these agreements will provide meaningful
protection or adequate remedies for our trade secrets in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of such information. 

Competition 

The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries
are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on proprietary products. While we believe
that our technology, development experience and scientific knowledge provide us with competitive advantages, we face potential competition
from many different sources, including major pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions
and governmental agencies and public and private research institutions. Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize
will compete with existing therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future. 

Several types of existing treatments may be used
for people with AML. The main treatments include chemotherapy, bone marrow transplants, stem cell transplants and/or interferon therapy.
In most cases AML can progress rapidly, so it is important to start treatment as soon as possible after the diagnosis is made. In addition
to currently marketed therapies, there are also a number of products in late stage clinical development to treat AML. These products in
development may provide efficacy, safety, convenience and other benefits that are not provided by currently marketed therapies. As a result,
they may provide significant competition for any of our product candidates for which we obtain market approval. 

There are other companies and research institutions
working to develop therapies that target AML. Many of our competitors may have significantly greater financial resources and expertise
in research and development, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products
than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostic industries may result in even more resources
being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified
scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in
acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Smaller or early stage companies may also prove to be significant
competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. 

A listing of approved products currently used
for treatment of AML include the following: topoisomerase II inhibitors, e.g., Cerubidine (daunorubicin HCL, Bedford Labs),
Novantrone (mitoxantrone HCL, Pfizer) and Idamycin (idarubicin HCl, Pfizer); alkylating agents, e.g.,
Cytoxan (cyclophosphamide, Baxter); DNA polymerase inhibitors, e.g,. Cytarabine (cytarabine, Pfizer);
DNA binding agents, e.g., Doxil (doxorubicin HCl liposome, Alza); purine analogs, e.g., Tabloid (thioguanine,
GlaxoSmithKline); mitotic spindle inhibitors, e.g., Vincasar PFS (vincristine sulfate, Teva); DNA fragmentation agents,
e.g,. Trisenox (arsenic trioxide, Cephalon); FLT3 inhibitors, e.g., Rydapt (midostaurin, Novartis); IDH2
inhibitors, e.g., IDHIFA (enasidenib mesylate, Celgene). 

17 

A listing of AML drugs in advanced clinical development
by our competitors include the following: (irreversible) LSD-1 inhibitors, e.g. ORY-1001 (Oryzon); FLT3 inhibitors, e.g., quizartinib
(Daiichi Sankyo), crenolanib (Arog Pharma) and gilteritinib (Astellas); topoisomerase inhibitors, e.g., Vosaroxin (qinprezo,
Sunesis Pharma), CPX-351 (vyxeos, Celator Pharma); DNA hypomethylating agents, e.g., guadecditabine (ASTX Pharma); PLK1 inhibitors, e.g.,
volasertib (Boehringer Ingelheim); IDH2 inhibitors, e.g., enasidenib (Agios Pharma); IDH1 inhibitors, e.g., ivosidenib (Agios Pharma);
DOT1L ihibitors, e.g., pinometostat (Epizyme); BCL2 inhibitors, e.g., venetoclax (Roche); BET inhibitors, e.g., OTX-015 (OncoEthix) and
HDAC inhibitors, e.g., pracinostat (MEI Pharma). 

A large number of irreversible inhibitors of LSD1
have been developed by major pharmaceutical companies and research institutes. Among them, ORY-1001 and GSK2879552, two TCP derivatives,
developed by Oryzon Genomics and GSK, respectively, have been in Phase 1 clinical trials for treatment of AML We have focused on development
of reversible inhibitors instead of irreversible inhibitors with the expectation of better therapeutic effect, safety profiles and lower
toxicity compared to the irreversible inhibitors 

The key competitive factors affecting the success
of all our targets, if approved, are likely to be their efficacy, safety, convenience, price, the level of generic competition and the
availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payors. 

Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or
eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects,
are more convenient or are less expensive than any products that we may develop. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory
approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong
market position before we are able to enter the market. In addition, our ability to compete may be affected in many cases by insurers
or other third-party payors seeking to encourage the use of generic products. There are many generic products currently on the market
for the indications that we are pursuing, and additional products are expected to become available on a generic basis over the coming
years. If our therapeutic product candidates are approved, we expect that they will be priced at a significant premium over competitive
generic products. 

Shared Services Agreement 

On January 1, 2017, Tiziana Life Sciences plc,
a company incorporated in England and Wales Tiziana ), entered into a Shared Services Agreement with us pursuant to which
Tiziana agreed to provide certain services to us including various administrative, financial, legal, tax, insurance, facility and information
technology services. The term of the agreement is until April 1, 2018 and is renewed automatically thereafter for successive three month
terms with respect to any services still in effect unless either party elects not to renew the agreement or any specific service by notice
in writing to the other party no later than 45 days prior to the end of any term. We may terminate any of the services provided under
the agreement at any time upon 30 days prior written notice. Tiziana may terminate any of the services provided under the agreement if
we shall have failed to perform any of our material obligations under the agreement and failed to cure any such failure within 30 days
after receiving notice thereof. 

Employees 

As of September 30, 2022, and September 30, 2021
we had no employees. 

18 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risks Relating to Our Business 

We are a leukemia-focused biotechnology
company with limited operations to date. 

We are a leukemia-focused biotechnology company
with limited operations to date and no revenue. We have not yet commenced clinical trials, have no product candidates ready for commercialization,
have not generated any revenue from operations and expect to incur substantial net losses for the foreseeable future to further develop
and commercialize our product candidates. We are unable to predict the extent of these future net losses, or when we may attain profitability,
if at all. We may never be able to generate any revenues or royalties from the sales of our therapeutics or become profitable even if
we do generate revenues or royalties. 

We expect to continue to incur increasing
net losses for the foreseeable future, and we may never achieve or maintain profitability. 

Investment in biopharmaceutical product development
is highly speculative because it entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that any potential product candidate
will fail to demonstrate adequate effect or an acceptable safety profile, gain regulatory approval and become commercially viable. We
have no products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales to date, and we continue to incur
significant research and development and other expenses related to our ongoing operations. As a result, we are not profitable and have
incurred losses in each period since our inception. For the year ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, we reported a net loss of 686,588 and
 875,998, respectively. As of September 30, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 24,221,067. 

To become and remain profitable, we or our partners
must succeed in developing our product candidates, obtaining regulatory approval for them, and manufacturing, marketing and selling those
products for which we or our partners may obtain regulatory approval. We or they may not succeed in these activities, and we may never
generate revenue from product sales that is significant enough to achieve profitability. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties
associated with biopharmaceutical product development and commercialization, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount
of future expenses or when, or if, we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability. Currently, we have no products approved for commercial
sale, and to date we have not generated any product revenue. We have financed our operations primarily through the sale of equity securities.
The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of growth or contraction of our expenses and the level and rate of
growth, if any, of our revenues. Our ability to achieve profitability is dependent on our ability, alone or with others, to complete the
development of our products successfully, obtain the required regulatory approvals, manufacture and market our proposed products successfully
or have such products manufactured and marketed by others, and gain market acceptance for such products. There can be no assurance as
to whether or when we will achieve profitability. 

We will require substantial additional funding
which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we fail to raise the necessary additional capital, we may be unable
to complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates, or continue our development programs. 

We expect to escalate moderately our spending
to advance the pre-clinical and clinical development of our product candidates. 

We cannot be certain that additional funding will
be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable
to us we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of our product candidate. We
may also seek collaborators for one or more of our current or future product candidates at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable
or on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available. Any of these events could significantly harm our business, financial
condition and prospects. 

Our future capital requirements will depend on
many factors, including: 

the progress of the development
of our product candidates; 

the number of product candidates we pursue; 

19 

the time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory approvals; 

the costs involved in filing and prosecuting patent applications and enforcing or defending patent claims; 

our plans to establish sales, marketing and/or manufacturing capabilities; 

the effect of competing technological and market developments; 

the terms and timing of any collaborative, licensing and other arrangements that we may establish; 

general market conditions for offerings from biopharmaceutical companies; 

our ability to establish, enforce and maintain selected strategic alliances and activities required for product commercialization; and 

our revenues, if any, from successful development and commercialization of our product candidates. 

In order to carry out our business plan and implement
our strategy, we anticipate that we will need to obtain additional financing from time to time and may choose to raise additional funds
through strategic collaborations, licensing arrangements, public or private equity or debt financing, bank lines of credit, asset sales,
government grants, or other arrangements. We cannot be sure that any additional funding, if needed, will be available on terms favorable
to us or at all. Furthermore, any additional equity or equity-related financing may be dilutive to our stockholders, and debt or equity
financing, if available, may subject us to restrictive covenants and significant interest costs. If we obtain funding through a strategic
collaboration or licensing arrangement, we may be required to relinquish our rights to certain of our product candidate or marketing territories.
Our inability to raise capital when needed would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations, and could cause our
stock price to decline or require that we wind down our operations altogether. 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, which may hinder our ability to obtain future financing. 

Our consolidated financial statements as of September
30, 2022 were prepared under the assumption that we will continue as a going concern for the next twelve months. Due to our recurring
losses from operations, we concluded that there is substantial doubt in our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after
the financial statements are issued without additional capital becoming available. Our independent registered public accounting firm
has issued an audit opinion that included an explanatory paragraph referring to our projected future losses along with recurring losses
from operations and expressing substantial doubt in our ability to continue as a going concern without additional capital becoming available.
Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain additional equity or debt financing, attain further
operating efficiencies, reduce expenditures, and, ultimately, to generate revenue. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

If we fail to select product candidates,
fail to successfully complete clinical trials and commercialize product candidates or fail to obtain regulatory approval, our business
would be harmed and the value of our securities would decline. 

We must be evaluated in light of the uncertainties
and complexities affecting a pre-commercial biopharmaceutical company. We have not completed preclinical or clinical research and have
not completed the development of our product candidates. Our failure to develop and commercialize such product candidates successfully
may cause us to cease operations. We are performing preclinical research on LSD1. This research will require significant additional development
efforts by us and significant additional development efforts by us and regulatory approvals prior to commercialization. We cannot be certain
that our efforts in this regard will lead to commercially viable therapeutics. We do not know what the final cost to select and commercialize
product candidates will be. 

We do not know whether any of our molecular targets
under development ultimately will be selected as product candidates or whether our product candidates will be shown to be effective. Moreover,
governmental authorities may enact new legislation or regulations that could limit or restrict our development efforts. We may receive
unfavorable results from pre-clinical studies or clinical studies on the molecular targets, which may cause us to abandon the product
selection process and further development efforts. 

20 

Regulatory agencies must approve our product candidates,
if any, before they can be marketed or sold. The approval process is lengthy, requires significant capital expenditures, and uncertain
as to outcome. Our ability to obtain regulatory approval of any product candidate depends on, among other things, completion of additional
clinical trials, whether our clinical trials demonstrate statistically significant efficacy with safety issues that do not potentially
outweigh the therapeutic benefit of the product candidates, and whether the regulatory agencies agree that the data from our future clinical
trials are sufficient to support approval for any of our product candidates. The final results of our current and future preclinical or
clinical trials may not meet FDA or other regulatory agencies requirements to approve a product candidate for marketing, and
the regulatory agencies may otherwise determine that our manufacturing processes or facilities are insufficient to support approval. We
or our collaborators may need to conduct more preclinical or clinical trials than we currently anticipate. Even if we do receive FDA or
other regulatory agency approval, we or our collaborators may not be successful in commercializing approved product candidates. If any
of these events occur, our business could be materially harmed and the value of our securities would decline. 

All of our current data for our lead product
candidate are the result of Phase 2 clinical trials conducted by third parties and do not necessarily provide sufficient evidence that
our product candidates will be viable as potential pharmaceutical products. 

To date, long-term safety and efficacy have not
yet been demonstrated in clinical trials for our product candidates. Favorable results in early studies or trials may not be repeated
in later studies or trials. Even if our clinical trials are initiated and completed as planned, we cannot be certain that the results
will support our product candidate claims. Success in preclinical testing and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical
trials will be successful. We cannot be sure that the results of later clinical trials would replicate the results of prior clinical trials
and preclinical testing, nor that they would satisfy the requirements of the FDA or other regulatory agencies. Clinical trials may fail
to demonstrate that our product candidate is safe for humans and effective for indicated uses. Preclinical and clinical results are frequently
susceptible to varying interpretations that may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approvals or commercialization. Any delay in, or termination
of, our clinical trials would delay our obtaining FDA or EMA approval for the affected product candidate and, ultimately, our ability
to commercialize that product candidate. 

If we cannot demonstrate an acceptable toxicity
profile for our product candidates, if any, in non-clinical studies, we will not be able to initiate or continue clinical trials or obtain
approval for our product candidates. 

To move a product candidate into human clinical
trials, we must first demonstrate an acceptable toxicity profile in preclinical testing. Furthermore, to obtain approval, we must also
demonstrate safety in various non-clinical tests. We may not have conducted or may not conduct the types of non-clinical testing required
by regulatory authorities, or future non-clinical tests may indicate that our product candidates are not safe for use. Preclinical and
non-clinical testing is expensive, time-consuming and has an uncertain outcome. In addition, success in initial non-clinical testing does
not ensure that later non-clinical testing will be successful. We may experience numerous unforeseen events during the non-clinical testing
process, which could delay or prevent our ability to develop or commercialize our product candidates, including: 

our preclinical and non-clinical testing may produce inconclusive or negative safety results, which may require us to conduct additional non-clinical testing or to abandon product candidates; 

our product candidates may have unfavorable pharmacology or toxicity characteristics; 

our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects such as negative immune responses that lead to complications; 

our enrolled patients may have allergies that lead to complications after treatment; and 

the FDA or other regulatory authorities may determine that additional safety testing is required. 

Any such events would increase our costs and could
delay or prevent our ability to commercialize our product candidates, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

21 

We, or our collaborators, may face delays
in completing our pre-clinical or clinical trials, and may not be able to complete them at all. 

We have not completed the pre-clinical and clinical
trials necessary to support an application for approval to market of our product candidates, if any. Our or our collaborators current
and future clinical trials may be delayed, unsuccessful, or terminated as a result of many factors, including: 

delays in designing an appropriate clinical trial protocol and reaching agreement on trial design with investigators and regulatory authorities; 

governmental or regulatory delays, failure to obtain regulatory approval or changes in regulatory requirements, policy or guidelines; 

adding new clinical trial sites 

reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations, or CROs, and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 

the actual performance of CROs and clinical trial sites in ensuring the proper and timely conduct of our clinical trials; 

adverse effects experienced by subjects in clinical trials; 

manufacturing sufficient quantities of product candidates for use in clinical trials; and 

delays in achieving study endpoints and completing data analysis for a trial. 

In addition to these factors, our trials may be
delayed, unsuccessful or terminated because: 

regulators or institutional review boards, or IRBs, may not authorize us to commence a clinical trial; 

regulators or IRBs may suspend or terminate clinical research for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements or concerns about patient safety; 

we may suspend or terminate our clinical trials if we believe that they expose the participating patients to unacceptable health risks; 

patients may not complete clinical trials due to safety issues, side effects, such as injection site discomfort, a belief that they are receiving placebo instead of our product candidates, or other reasons; 

patients with serious diseases included in our clinical trials may die or suffer other adverse medical events for reasons that may not be related to our product candidates; 

in those trials where our product candidate is being tested in combination with one or more other therapies, deaths may occur that may be attributable to the other therapies; 

we may have difficulty in maintaining contact with patients after treatment, preventing us from collecting the data required by our study protocol; 

product candidates may demonstrate a lack of efficacy during clinical trials; 

personnel conducting clinical trials may fail to properly administer our product candidates; and 

our collaborators may decide not to pursue further clinical trials. 

22 

We could encounter delays if our clinical trials are suspended or terminated by us, by IRBs of the institutions in which such
trials are being conducted, by the Data Safety Monitoring Boards for such trials or by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. Such
authorities may impose such a suspension or termination due to a number of factors, including potential for unacceptable safety risks
to patients, inspection of the clinical trial operation or trial site, changes in government regulations or administrative actions. 

In addition, we rely on academic institutions,
physician practices and CROs to conduct, supervise or monitor some or all aspects of clinical trials involving our product candidates.
We have less control over the timing and other aspects of these clinical trials than if we conducted the monitoring and supervision entirely
on our own. Third parties may not perform their responsibilities for our clinical trials on our anticipated schedule or consistent with
a clinical trial protocol or applicable regulations. We also may rely on CROs to perform our data management and analysis. They may not
provide these services as required or in a timely or compliant manner, and we may be held legally responsible for any or all of their
performance failures or inadequacies. 

Moreover, our development costs will increase
because we will be required to complete additional or larger clinical trials for our product candidates prior to FDA or other regulatory
approval. If we or our collaborators experience delays in the completion of, or termination of, any clinical trial of our product candidates,
the commercial prospects of our product candidates will be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenues from any of these product
candidates will be delayed or eliminated. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow down
our product candidate development and approval process, and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues. Any
of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to,
a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. 

We have limited experience in the development
of therapeutic product candidates and therefore may encounter difficulties developing our product candidate or managing our operations
in the future. 

We have limited experience in the discovery, development
and manufacturing of therapeutic compounds. In order to successfully develop our product candidate, we must continuously supplement our
research, clinical development, regulatory, medicinal chemistry, and manufacturing capabilities through the addition of key employees,
consultants or third-party contractors to provide certain capabilities and skill sets that we do not possess. 

Furthermore, we have adopted an operating model
that largely relies on the outsourcing of a number of responsibilities and key activities to third-party consultants, and contract research
and manufacturing organizations in order to advance the development of our product candidates. Therefore, our success depends in part
on our ability to retain highly qualified key management, personnel, and directors to develop, implement and execute our business strategy,
operate the company and oversee the activities of our consultants and contractors, as well as academic and corporate advisors or consultants
to assist us in this regard. We are currently highly dependent upon the efforts of our management team. In order to develop our product
candidates, we need to retain or attract certain personnel, consultants or advisors with experience in drug development activities that
include a number of disciplines, including research and development, clinical trials, medical matters, government regulation of pharmaceuticals,
manufacturing, formulation and chemistry, business development, accounting, finance, regulatory affairs, human resources and information
systems. 

Our success depends in part on our continued ability
to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified management, clinical and scientific personnel and on our ability to develop and maintain
important relationships with leading academic institutions, clinicians and scientists. The competition for qualified personnel in the
biotechnology and pharmaceuticals field is intense. We will need to hire additional personnel as we expand our clinical development and
commercial activities. While we have not had difficulties recruiting qualified individuals, to date, we may not be able to attract and
retain quality personnel on acceptable terms given the competition for such personnel among biotechnology, pharmaceutical and other companies.
Although we have not experienced material difficulties in retaining key personnel in the past, we may not be able to continue to do so
in the future on acceptable terms, if at all. 

23 

We have limited capacity for recruiting
and managing clinical trials, which could impair our timing to initiate or complete clinical trials of our product candidates and materially
harm our business. 

We have limited capacity to recruit and manage
the clinical trials necessary to obtain FDA approval or approval by other regulatory authorities. By contrast, larger pharmaceutical and bio-pharmaceutical companies
often have substantial staff with extensive experience in conducting clinical trials with multiple product candidates across multiple
indications. In addition, they may have greater financial resources to compete for the same clinical investigators and patients that we
are attempting to recruit for our clinical trials. If potential competitors are successful in completing drug development for their product
candidates and obtain approval from the FDA, they could limit the demand for our product candidates. 

As a result, we may be at a competitive disadvantage
that could delay the initiation, recruitment, timing, completion of our clinical trials and obtaining regulatory approvals, if at all,
for our product candidate. 

If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients
in our clinical trials, our clinical trials could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 

Clinical trials for our product candidates, if
any, will require us to identify and enroll a large number of patients with the disease under investigation. We may not be able to enroll
a sufficient number of patients, or those with required or desired characteristics, in a timely manner. Patient enrollment is affected
by factors including: 

severity of the disease under investigation; 

design of the trial protocol; 

the size and nature of the patient population; 

eligibility criteria for the study in question; 

lack of a sufficient number of patients who meet the enrollment criteria for our clinical trials; 

delays required to characterize the infection to allow us to select a product candidate, which may lead patients to seek to enroll in other clinical trials or seek alternative treatments; 

perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under study; 

availability of competing therapies and clinical trials; 

efforts to facilitate timely enrollment in clinical trials; 

scheduling conflicts with participating clinicians; 

patient referral practices of physicians; 

the ability to monitor patients adequately during and after treatment; and 

proximity and availability of clinical trial sites for prospective patients. 

If we have difficulty enrolling a sufficient number
or diversity of patients to conduct our clinical trials as planned, we may need to delay or terminate ongoing or planned clinical trials,
either of which would have an adverse effect on our business. 

24 

Results of earlier studies and clinical
trials may not be predictive of future trial results. 

Clinical testing is expensive and can take many
years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results
of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of our product candidates, if any, may not be predictive of the design or results of
later-stage clinical trials. Any positive results generated to date do not ensure that later trials will demonstrate similar results.
While we have observed statistically significant improvements in the outcomes of some of our clinical trials, many of the improvements
we have seen have not reached statistical significance. Statistical significance is a statistical term that means that an effect is unlikely
to have occurred by chance. In order to be approved, product candidates must demonstrate that their effect on patients diseases
in the trial is statistically significant. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and
efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. Early clinical trials frequently enroll
patient populations that are different from the patient populations in later trials, resulting in different outcomes in later clinical
trials from those in earlier stage clinical trials. In addition, adverse events may not occur in early clinical trials and only emerge
in larger, late-stage clinical trials or after commercialization. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered
significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results
in earlier clinical trials. If later stage clinical trials do not demonstrate efficacy and safety of our product candidates we will not
be able to market them and our business will be materially harmed. 

Regulatory authorities may not approve our
product candidates, if any, even if they meet safety and efficacy endpoints in clinical trials. 

Under certain circumstances, regulatory authorities
may revise or retract previous guidance during the course of our clinical activities or after the completion of our clinical trials. A
regulatory authority may also disqualify a clinical trial in whole or in part from consideration in support of approval of a potential
product for commercial sale or otherwise deny approval of that product. Prior to regulatory approval, a regulatory authority may elect
to obtain advice from outside experts regarding scientific issues and/or marketing applications under a regulatory authority review. In
the United States, these outside experts are convened through the FDA s Advisory Committee process, which would report to the FDA
and make recommendations that may differ from the views of the FDA. Should an Advisory Committee be convened, it would be expected to
lengthen the time for obtaining regulatory approval, if such approval is obtained at all. 

The FDA and foreign regulatory agencies may delay,
limit or deny marketing approval for many reasons, including: 

a product candidate may not be considered safe or effective; 

our manufacturing processes or facilities may not meet the applicable requirements; 

changes in the agencies approval policies or adoption of new regulations may require additional work on our part, for example, the FDA may require us to change or expand the endpoints in our clinical trials; 

different divisions of the FDA are reviewing different product candidates and those divisions may have different requirements for approval; and 

changes in regulatory law, FDA or foreign regulatory agency organization, or personnel may result in different requirements for approval than anticipated. 

Our product candidates may not be approved even
if they achieve their endpoints in clinical trials. Regulatory agencies, including the FDA, or their advisors may disagree with our trial
design and our interpretations of data from preclinical studies and clinical trials. Regulatory agencies also may approve a product candidate
for fewer or more limited indications than requested or may grant approval subject to the performance of post-marketing studies. In addition,
regulatory agencies may not approve the labeling claims that are necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of our product
candidates. 

Any delay in or failure to receive or maintain
approval for any of our product candidates could prevent us from ever generating revenues or achieving profitability. 

25 

We may be required to suspend, repeat or
terminate our clinical trials if they are not conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements, the results are negative or inconclusive,
or the trials are not well designed. 

Clinical trials must be conducted in accordance
with FDA regulations governing clinical studies, or other applicable foreign government guidelines, and are subject to oversight by the
FDA, other foreign governmental agencies and IRBs at the medical institutions where the clinical trials are conducted. In addition, clinical
trials must be conducted with product candidates produced under current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP, and may require large numbers
of test subjects. Clinical trials may be suspended by the FDA, other foreign governmental agencies or us for various reasons, including: 

deficiencies in the conduct of the clinical trials, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or clinical protocols; 

deficiencies in the clinical trial operations or trial sites; 

the product candidate may have unforeseen adverse side effects; 

the time required to determine whether the product candidate is effective may be longer than expected; 

deaths or other adverse events arising during a clinical trial due to medical problems that may not be related to clinical trial treatments; 

the product candidate may not appear to be more effective than current therapies; 

the quality or stability of the product candidate may fall below acceptable standards; and 

insufficient quantities of the product candidate might be available to complete the trials. 

In addition, changes in regulatory requirements
and guidance may occur and we may need to amend clinical trial protocols to reflect these changes. Amendments may require us to resubmit
our clinical trial protocols to IRBs for reexamination, which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of a clinical trial.
Due to these and other factors, our product candidates could take longer to gain regulatory approval than we expect or we may never gain
approval for any product candidates, which could reduce or eliminate our revenue by delaying or terminating the commercialization of our
product candidates. 

Any product candidate for which we, or our
collaborators, obtain marketing approval could be subject to restrictions or withdrawal from the market, and we may be subject to penalties
if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems with our products, when and if any of them
are approved. 

Any product candidate that we or our collaborators
obtain marketing approval for, along with the manufacturing processes, post-approval clinical data, labeling, advertising and promotional
activities for such product, will be subject to continual requirements of the FDA and other regulatory authorities. These requirements
include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information, reports, registration and listing requirements, cGMP requirements
relating to quality control, quality assurance and corresponding maintenance of records and documents, requirements regarding the distribution
of samples to physicians and recordkeeping. Even if marketing approval of a product candidate is granted, the approval may be subject
to limitations on the indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to conditions of approval, or contain requirements for costly
post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of the product. The FDA closely regulates the post-approval
marketing and promotion of drugs to ensure drugs are marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions
of the approved labeling. The FDA imposes stringent restrictions on manufacturers communications regarding off-label use. If we
market our products outside of their approved indications, we will be subject to enforcement action for off-label marketing. 

In addition, later discovery of previously unknown
problems with these products, manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may yield various
results, including: 

restrictions on such products, manufacturers or manufacturing processes; 

restrictions on the labeling or marketing of a product; 

26 

restrictions on product distribution or use; 

requirements to conduct post-marketing clinical trials; 

warning or untitled letters; 

withdrawal of the products from the market; 

refusal to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications that we submit; 

recall of products, fines, restitution or disgorgement of profits or revenue; 

suspension or withdrawal of marketing approvals; 

refusal to permit the import or export of our products; 

product seizure; and 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The FDA s policies may change and additional
government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. If we, or our
collaborators, are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if
we, or our collaborators, are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, any marketing approval that was obtained could be lost, which
would adversely affect our business, prospects and ability to achieve or sustain profitability. 

If we, or our collaborators, are unable
to comply with foreign regulatory requirements or obtain foreign regulatory approvals, our ability to develop foreign markets for our
products could be impaired. 

Sales of our product candidates, if any, outside
the United States will be subject to foreign regulatory requirements governing clinical trials, marketing approval, manufacturing, product
licensing, pricing and reimbursement. These regulatory requirements vary greatly from country to country. As a result, the time required
to obtain approvals outside the United States may differ from that required to obtain FDA approval and we may not be able to obtain foreign
regulatory approvals on a timely basis or at all. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries,
and approval by one foreign regulatory authority does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or by the FDA and
foreign regulatory authorities could require additional testing. Failure to comply with these regulatory requirements or obtain required
approvals could impair our ability to develop foreign markets for our products. 

Competitive products for treatment of AML
may reduce or eliminate the commercial opportunity for our product candidates, if any. 

The clinical and commercial landscape for AML
is rapidly changing. New data from commercial and clinical-stage products continue to emerge. It is possible that these data may alter
current standards of care, completely precluding us from further developing our product candidates, if any, or getting them approved by
regulatory agencies. Further, it is possible that we may initiate a clinical trial or trials for these product candidates, only to find
that data from competing products make it impossible for us to complete enrollment in these trials, resulting in our inability to file
for marketing approval with regulatory agencies. Even if these products are approved for marketing in a particular indication or indications,
they may have limited sales due to particularly intense competition in these markets. 

27 

We will need to develop or acquire additional
manufacturing and distribution capabilities in order to commercialize our product candidates, if any, that obtain marketing approval,
and we may encounter unexpected costs or difficulties in doing so. 

If we independently develop and commercialize
one or more of our product candidates, if any, we will need to invest in acquiring or building additional capabilities and effectively
manage our operations and facilities to successfully pursue and complete future research, development and commercialization efforts. We
will require additional investment and validation process development in order to qualify our commercial-scale manufacturing process to
manufacture clinical trial materials and commercial material if any of our products are approved for marketing. This investment and validation
process development may be expensive and time-consuming. We will require additional personnel with experience in commercial-scale manufacturing,
managing of large-scale information technology systems and managing a large-scale distribution system. We will need to add personnel and
expand our capabilities, which may strain our existing managerial, operational, regulatory compliance, financial and other resources.
To do this effectively, we must: 

recruit, hire, train, manage and motivate a growing employee base; 

accurately forecast demand for our products; 

assemble and manage the supply chain to ensure our ability to meet demand; and 

expand existing operational, manufacturing, financial and management information systems. 

We may seek FDA approval for our production process
and facilities simultaneously with seeking approval for sale of our product candidates. Should we not complete the development of adequate
capabilities, including manufacturing capacity, or fail to receive timely approval of our manufacturing process and facilities, our ability
to supply clinical trial materials for planned clinical trials or supply products following regulatory approval for sale could be delayed,
which would further delay our clinical trials or the period of time when we would be able to generate revenues from the sale of such products,
if we are even able to obtain approval or generate revenues at all. 

Additionally, we may decide to outsource some
or all of our manufacturing activities to a third party commercial manufacturing organization, or CMO. Under any agreement with a CMO,
we would have less control over the timing and quality of manufacturing than if we were to perform such manufacturing ourselves. A CMO
would be manufacturing other pharmaceutical products in the same facilities as our product candidates, increasing the risk of cross product
contamination. Further, there is no guarantee that any CMO will continue ongoing operations, causing potential delays in product supply,
reduced revenues and other liabilities for us. 

Any such events would increase our costs and could
delay or prevent our ability to commercialize our product candidates, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

Our product candidates may cause undesirable
side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved
label, or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if any. 

Undesirable side effects caused by our product
candidates, if any, could cause us, our collaborators, or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could
result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities.
As a result of any side effects, our clinical trials could be suspended or terminated and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities
could order us to cease further development, or deny approval, of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. The drug-related
side effects could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or result in potential product
liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 

Additionally, if one or more of our product candidates
receives marketing approval, and we, our collaborators, or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by such products, a number
of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 

regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals of such product; 

regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label; 

28 

we may be required to create a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients; 

we may be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; and 

our reputation may suffer. 

Any of these events could prevent us from achieving
or maintaining market acceptance of the particular product candidate, if approved, and could significantly harm our business, results
of operations and prospects. 

If we are unable to establish sales and
marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell and market our product candidates, we may not be successful
in commercializing our product candidates if and when they are approved. 

We do not have a sales and marketing infrastructure
or any experience in the sales, marketing or distribution of pharmaceutical products. We may seek additional third-party collaborators
for the commercialization of our other product candidates. In the future, we may choose to build a focused sales and marketing infrastructure
to market or co-promote some of our product candidates if and when they are approved, which would be expensive and time-consuming. Alternatively,
we may elect to outsource these functions to third parties. Either approach carries significant risks. For example, recruiting and training
a sales force is expensive and time-consuming and, if done improperly, could delay a product launch and result in limited sales. If the
commercial launch of a product candidate for which we recruit a sales force and establish marketing capabilities is delayed or does not
occur for any reason, we would have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization expenses. This may be costly, and our
investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our sales and marketing personnel. 

Factors that may inhibit our efforts to commercialize
our products on our own include: 

our inability to recruit, manage and retain adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel; 

the inability of marketing personnel to develop effective marketing materials; 

the inability of sales personnel to obtain access to or persuade adequate numbers of physicians to prescribe any future products; 

the lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines; and 

unforeseen costs and expenses associated with creating an independent sales and marketing organization. 

The availability and amount of reimbursement,
if approved, for our product candidates, if any, and the manner in which government and private payors may reimburse for any potential
products, are uncertain. 

In both U.S. and foreign markets, sales of any
products will depend in part on the availability of reimbursement from third-party payors such as government health administration authorities,
private health insurers and other organizations. The future magnitude of our revenues and profitability may be affected by the continuing
efforts of governmental and third-party payors to contain or reduce the costs of health care. We cannot predict the effect that private
sector or governmental health care reforms may have on our business, and there can be no assurance that any such reforms will not have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.In addition, in both the United States and elsewhere,
sales of prescription drugs are dependent in part on the availability of reimbursement to the consumer from third-party payors, such
as government and private insurance plans. The ability to obtain reimbursement of our products from these parties is a critical factor
in the commercial success for any of our products. Failure to obtain appropriate reimbursement could result in reduced or no sales of
our products. 

Third-party payors are increasingly challenging
the price and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services. Significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly-approved
health care products. There can be no assurance that our products will be considered cost-effective or that adequate third-party reimbursement
will be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development.
Legislation and regulations affecting the pricing of pharmaceuticals may change before any of our products are approved for marketing.
Adoption of such legislation could further limit reimbursement for medical products and services. We, or our collaborators, may elect
not to market future products in certain markets. 

29 

We may expend our limited resources to pursue
a particular research program, product candidate or indication and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be
more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 

Because we have limited financial and managerial
resources, we focus on research programs and eventually product candidates for the indications that we believe are the most scientifically
and commercially promising. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable scientific or commercial products
or profitable market opportunities. In addition, we may spend valuable time and managerial and financial resources on research programs
and product candidates for specific indications that ultimately do not yield any scientifically or commercially viable products. If we
do not accurately evaluate the scientific and commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish
valuable rights to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in situations where it would
have been more advantageous for us to retain sole rights to development and commercialization. 

Failure to attract and retain key personnel
could impede our ability to develop our products and to obtain new collaborations or other sources of funding. 

Because of the specialized scientific nature
of our business, our success is highly dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified scientific and technical personnel,
consultants and advisors. We will also need to recruit a considerable number of additional personnel to achieve our operating goals
and financial reporting obligations. To pursue our product development and marketing and sales plans, we will need to hire additional
qualified scientific personnel to perform research and development, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical testing, government
regulation, manufacturing, marketing and sales, which may strain our existing managerial, operational, regulatory compliance, financial
and other resources. We also rely on consultants and advisors to assist in formulating our research and development strategy and adhering
to complex regulatory requirements. We face competition for qualified individuals from numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies,
universities and other research institutions. There can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain such individuals on
acceptable terms, if at all. The failure to attract and retain qualified personnel, consultants and advisors could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Increased Interest Rates and Inflation and
Recession Risk 

The Company s financial
performance is subject to global and US economic conditions. Recent increases in interest rates and inflation, globally, and in
the US regions, have led to economic volatility, increased borrowing costs, price increases and risks of recessions. Economic recessions
may have adverse consequences across industries, including the biotechnology industry, which may adversely affect the Company s
business and financial condition. As a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken by governments to attempt to slow down
rising inflation, there is substantial uncertainty about the strength of the global economies, which may currently or in the near
term be in a recession and have experienced rapid increases in uncertainty about the pace of potential recovery. In addition, changes
in general market, economic and political conditions in domestic and foreign economies or financial markets, including fluctuation in
stock markets resulting from, among other things, trends in the economy and inflation, as are being currently experienced, may impact
our ability to raise funds. 

30 

Risks Relating to Our Industry 

The biopharmaceutical industry is subject
to significant regulation and oversight in the United States, in addition to approval of products for sale and marketing. We may be subject,
directly or indirectly, to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, transparency, health information privacy and security laws
and other healthcare laws and regulations. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face substantial
penalties. 

Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party
payors will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any future product candidates we may develop and any product
candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. In addition to FDA restrictions on marketing of biopharmaceutical products, we are
exposed, directly, or indirectly, through our customers, to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations
that may affect the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we would market, sell and distribute our products.
The laws that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to: 

The federal Anti-Kickback Statute which prohibits
any person or entity from, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly
or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in-kind, to induce or reward either the referring of an individual for, or the purchasing,
leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any health care item or service reimbursable, in whole or in part,
under Medicare, Medicaid or any other federally financed healthcare program. The term remuneration has been broadly interpreted
to include anything of value. This statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on one hand
and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers on the other hand. Although there are many statutory exemptions and regulatory safe
harbors protecting certain common activities from prosecution, the exemptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and practices that
involve remuneration intended to induce prescribing, purchases or recommendations may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for
an exemption or safe harbor. Our practices may not in all cases meet all of the criteria for safe harbor protection from anti-kickback
liability. 

The federal false claims and civil monetary penalty
laws, including the Federal False Claims Act, which imposes significant penalties and can be enforced by private citizens through civil
qui tam actions, prohibits any person or entity from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false, fictitious
or fraudulent claim for payment to the federal government, or knowingly making, using or causing to be made, a false statement or record
material to a false or fraudulent claim to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. In addition,
a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent
claim for purposes of the False Claims Act. As a result of a modification made by the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009, a claim
includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government. Further, manufacturers can be held
liable under the False Claims Act even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to cause 
the submission of false or fraudulent claims. Criminal prosecution is also possible for making or presenting a false, fictitious or fraudulent
claim to the federal government. Several pharmaceutical and other health care companies have been prosecuted under these laws for allegedly
providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. Other companies
have been prosecuted for causing false claims to be submitted because of marketing of the product for unapproved, and thus non-reimbursable,
uses. 

The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which, among other things, imposes criminal liability for executing or attempting to execute a scheme to defraud
any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare
benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and creates federal criminal laws that prohibit
knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent
statements or representations, or making or using any false writing or document knowing the same to contain any materially false, fictitious
or fraudulent statement or entry in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, benefits, items or services. 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology
and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and its implementing regulations, which impose certain requirements relating to the privacy,
security, transmission and breach reporting of individually identifiable health information upon entities subject to the law, such as
health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and healthcare providers and their respective business associates that perform services for them
that involve individually identifiable health information. HITECH also created new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to
make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil
actions for damages or injunctions in U.S. federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated
with pursuing federal civil actions. 

31 

The federal physician payment transparency requirements,
sometimes referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, and its implementing regulations, which require certain manufacturers
of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health
Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the United States Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, information
related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and
chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. 

State and foreign law equivalents of each of the
above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws, that may impose similar or more prohibitive restrictions, and may apply
to items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers. 

State and foreign laws that require pharmaceutical
companies to implement compliance programs, comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant
compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government, or to track and report gifts, compensation and other remuneration provided
to physicians and other healthcare providers, and other federal, state and foreign laws that govern the privacy and security of health
information or personally identifiable information in certain circumstances, including state health information privacy and data breach
notification laws which govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of health-related and other personal information, many
of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not pre-empted by HIPAA, thus requiring additional compliance efforts. 

Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness
of the safe harbors, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of these laws.
The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform,
especially considering the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased
their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to several investigations, prosecutions,
convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. 

Ensuring that our business arrangements with third
parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will likely be costly and time consuming. If our operations are found to
be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties,
including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, exclusion from governmental
funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings,
additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations
of non-compliance with these laws, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability
to operate our business and our results of operations. 

Health care reform measures could adversely
affect our business. 

In the United States and foreign jurisdictions,
there have been, and continue to be, many legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes to the healthcare system that could
affect our future results of operations. There have been and continue to be a number of initiatives at the U.S. federal and state levels
that seek to reduce healthcare costs. In 2010, the PPACA was enacted, which includes measures to significantly change the way health care
is financed by both governmental and private insurers. Among the provisions of the PPACA of greatest importance to the pharmaceutical
and biotechnology industry are the following: 

an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain branded prescription drugs and biologic agents, apportioned among these entities according to their market share in certain government healthcare programs; 

implementation of the federal physician payment transparency requirements, sometimes referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act 

a licensure framework for follow-on biologic products; 

a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; 

32 

establishment of a Center for Medicare Innovation at the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription drug spending; 

an increase in the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, to 23.1 and 13 of the average manufacturer price for most branded and generic drugs, respectively and capped the total rebate amount for innovator drugs at 100 of the Average Manufacturer Price, or AMP; 

a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for certain drugs and biologics, including our product candidates, that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected; 

extension of manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; 

expansion of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to additional individuals and by adding new mandatory eligibility categories for individuals with income at or below 133 of the federal poverty level, thereby potentially increasing manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability; 

a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50 point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; and 

expansion of the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health program. 

Some of the provisions of the PPACA have yet to
be implemented, and there have been legal and political challenges to certain aspects of the PPACA. Since January 2017, former President
Trump has signed two executive orders and other directives designed to delay, circumvent, or loosen certain requirements mandated by the
PPACA. Concurrently, Congress has considered legislation that would repeal or repeal and replace all or part of the PPACA. While Congress
has not passed repeal legislation, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 includes a provision repealing, effective January 1, 2019, the tax-based
shared responsibility payment imposed by the PPACA on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part
of a year that is commonly referred to as the individual mandate . Congress may consider other legislation to repeal or replace
elements of the PPACA. 

Many of the details regarding the implementation
of the PPACA are yet to be determined, and at this time, the full effect that the PPACA would have on our business remains unclear. There
is uncertainty surrounding the applicability of the biosimilars provisions under the PPACA to our product candidates. The FDA has issued
several guidance documents, but no implementing regulations, on biosimilars. Many biosimilar applications have been approved over the
past few years. It is not certain that we will receive 12 years of biologics marketing exclusivity for any of our products. The regulations
that are ultimately promulgated and their implementation are likely to have considerable impact on the way we conduct our business and
may require us to change current strategies. A biosimilar is a biological product that is highly similar to an approved drug notwithstanding
minor differences in clinically inactive components, and for which there are no clinically meaningful differences between the biological
product and the approved drug in terms of the safety, purity, and potency of the product. 

Individual states have become increasingly aggressive
in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price
or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access, and marketing cost disclosure and transparency
measures, and to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally mandated price controls on payment amounts by
third-party payors or other restrictions could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In addition,
regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products
and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. This could reduce ultimate demand for our
products or put pressure on our product pricing, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition
and prospects. 

33 

In addition, given recent federal and state government
initiatives directed at lowering the total cost of healthcare, Congress and state legislatures will likely continue to focus on healthcare
reform, the cost of prescription drugs and biologics and the reform of the Medicare and Medicaid programs. While we cannot predict the
full outcome of any such legislation, it may result in decreased reimbursement for drugs and biologics, which may further exacerbate industry-wide
pressure to reduce prescription drug prices. This could harm our ability to generate revenues. Increases in importation or re-importation
of pharmaceutical products from foreign countries into the United States could put competitive pressure on our ability to profitably price
our products, which, in turn, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. We might
elect not to seek approval for or market our products in foreign jurisdictions to minimize the risk of re-importation, which could also
reduce the revenue we generate from our product sales. It is also possible that other legislative proposals having similar effects will
be adopted. 

Furthermore, regulatory authorities assessment
of the data and results required to demonstrate safety and efficacy can change over time and can be affected by many factors, such as
the emergence of additional information, including on other products, changing policies and agency funding, staffing and leadership. We
cannot be sure whether future changes to the regulatory environment will be favorable or unfavorable to our business prospects. For example,
average review times at the FDA for marketing approval applications can be affected by a variety of factors, including budget and funding
levels and statutory, regulatory and policy changes. 

We are subject to U.S. and certain foreign
export and import controls, sanctions, embargoes, anti-corruption laws, and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. Compliance with
these legal standards could impair our ability to compete in domestic and international markets. We can face criminal liability and other
serious consequences for violations, which can harm our business. 

We are subject to export control and import laws
and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, U.S. Customs regulations, various economic and trade sanctions
regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Controls, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act of 1977, as amended, or FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the USA PATRIOT
Act, and other state and national anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in the countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption
laws are interpreted broadly and prohibit companies and their employees, agents, contractors, and other collaborators from authorizing,
promising, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or anything else of value to recipients in the public or
private sector. We may engage third parties for clinical trials outside of the United States, to sell our products abroad once we enter
a commercialization phase, and/or to obtain necessary permits, licenses, patent registrations, and other regulatory approvals. We have
direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or government-affiliated hospitals, universities,
and other organizations. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees, agents, contractors, and
other collaborators, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. Any violations of the laws and
regulations described above may result in substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties, imprisonment, the loss of export or import
privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm, and other consequences. 

An NDA submitted under Section 505(b)(2)
subjects us to the risk that we may be subject to a patent infringement lawsuit that would delay or prevent the review or approval of
our product candidate. 

Section 505(b)(2) permits the submission of an
NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies that were not conducted by, or for, the applicant
and on which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. The 505(b)(2) application would enable us to reference published literature
and/or the FDA s previous findings of safety and effectiveness for the branded reference drug. For NDAs submitted under Section
505(b)(2) of the FDCA, the patent certification and related provisions of the Hatch-Waxman Act apply. In accordance with the Hatch- Waxman
Act, such NDAs may be required to include certifications, known as paragraph IV certifications, that certify that any patents listed in
the Patent and Exclusivity Information Addendum of the FDA s publication, Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations,
commonly known as the Orange Book, with respect to any product referenced in the 505(b)(2) application, are invalid, unenforceable or
will not be infringed by the manufacture, use or sale of the product that is the subject of the 505(b)(2) NDA. 

Under the Hatch-Waxman Act, the holder of patents
that the 505(b)(2) application references may file a patent infringement lawsuit after receiving notice of the paragraph IV certification.
Filing of a patent infringement lawsuit against the filer of the 505(b)(2) applicant within 45 days of the patent owner s receipt
of notice triggers a one-time, automatic, 30-month stay of the FDA s ability to approve the 505(b)(2) NDA, unless patent litigation
is resolved in the favor of the paragraph IV filer or the patent expires before that time. Accordingly, we may invest a significant amount
of time and expense in the development of one or more product candidates only to be subject to significant delay and patent litigation
before such product candidates may be commercialized, if at all. In addition, a 505(b)(2) application will not be approved until any non-patent
exclusivity, such as exclusivity for obtaining approval of a new chemical entity, or NCE, listed in the Orange Book for the referenced
product has expired. The FDA may also require us to perform one or more additional clinical studies or measurements to support the change
from the branded reference drug, which could be time consuming and could substantially delay our achievement of regulatory approvals for
such product candidates. The FDA may also reject our future 505(b)(2) submissions and require us to file such submissions under Section
505(b)(1) of the FDCA, which would require us to provide extensive data to establish safety and effectiveness of the drug for the proposed
use and could cause delay and be considerably more expensive and time consuming. These factors, among others, may limit our ability to
successfully commercialize our product candidates. 

34 

We may seek Fast Track designation for one
or more of our product candidates, but we might not receive such designation, and even if we do, such designation may not actually lead
to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process. 

If a product is intended for the treatment of
a serious condition and nonclinical or clinical data demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical need for this condition, a product
sponsor may apply for FDA Fast Track designation. If we seek Fast Track designation for a product candidate, we may not receive it from
the FDA. However, even if we receive Fast Track designation, Fast Track designation does not ensure that we will receive marketing approval
or that approval will be granted within any particular timeframe. We may not experience a faster development or regulatory review or approval
process with Fast Track designation compared to conventional FDA procedures. In addition, the FDA may withdraw Fast Track designation
if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. Fast Track designation alone
does not guarantee qualification for the FDA s priority review procedures. 

If the FDA does not conclude that our product
candidates satisfy the requirements for the 505(b)(2) regulatory approval pathway, or if the requirements for approval of any of our product
candidates under Section 505(b)(2) are not as we expect, the approval pathway for our product candidates will likely take significantly
longer, cost significantly more and encounter significantly greater complications and risks than anticipated, and in any case may not
be successful. 

We intend to seek FDA approval through the 505(b)(2)
regulatory pathway for certain of our product candidates. The Hatch-Waxman Act, added Section 505(b)(2) to the FDCA. Section 505(b)(2)
permits the filing of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies that were not conducted by
or for the applicant. If the FDA does not allow us to pursue the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for our product candidates as anticipated,
we may need to conduct additional clinical trials, provide additional data and information and meet additional standards for regulatory
approval. If this were to occur, the time and financial resources required to obtain FDA approval for our product candidates would likely
substantially increase. Moreover, the inability to pursue the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway could result in new competitive products reaching
the market faster than our product candidates, which could materially adversely impact our competitive position and prospects. Even if
we are allowed to pursue the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for a product candidate, we cannot assure you that we will receive the requisite
or timely approvals for commercialization of such product candidate. In addition, we expect that our competitors will file citizens 
petitions with the FDA in an attempt to persuade the FDA that our product candidates, or the clinical studies that support their approval,
contain deficiencies. Such actions by our competitors could delay or even prevent the FDA from approving any NDA that we submit under
Section 505(b)(2). 

We expect to rely heavily on orphan drug
status to commercialize some of our product candidates, if approved, but we might not receive such designation and any orphan drug designations
we receive may not confer marketing exclusivity or other expected commercial benefits. 

We expect to rely heavily on orphan drug exclusivity
for our product candidates. Designation of orphan drug status is within the discretion of the FDA and the FDA may determine that we do
not meet the criteria for orphan drug status. In the United States, orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such
as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages and user-fee waivers. In addition, if a product that has
orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is
entitled to orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan drug exclusivity in the United States provides that the FDA may not approve any other applications,
including a full NDA, to market the same drug for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances the applicable
exclusivity period is ten years in Europe. The European exclusivity period can be reduced to six years if a drug no longer meets the criteria
for orphan drug designation or if the drug is sufficiently profitable so that market exclusivity is no longer justified. Even if we, or
any future collaborators, obtain orphan drug designation for a product candidate, we, or they, may not be able to obtain or maintain orphan
drug exclusivity for that product candidate. We may not be the first to obtain marketing approval of any product candidate for which we
have obtained orphan drug designation for the orphan-designated indication due to the uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical
products, and it is possible that another company also holding orphan drug designation for the same product candidate will receive marketing
approval for the same indication before we do. If that were to happen, our applications for that indication may not be approved until
the competing company s period of exclusivity expires. In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be limited
if we seek approval for an indication broader than the orphan-designated indication or may be lost if the FDA later determines that the
request for designation was materially defective or if we are unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs
of patients with the rare disease or condition. Further, even if we, or any future collaborators, obtain orphan drug exclusivity for a
product, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because different drugs with different active moieties
may be approved for the same condition. Even after an orphan drug is approved, the FDA can subsequently approve the same drug with the
same active moiety for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the later drug is clinically superior in that it is shown to be safer,
more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care or the manufacturer of the product with orphan exclusivity is unable to maintain
sufficient product quantity. Orphan drug designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a drug nor gives
the drug any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process, nor does it prevent competitors from obtaining approval of the same
product candidate as ours for indications other than those in which we have been granted orphan drug designation. 

35 

We may seek a breakthrough therapy designation
for one or more of our other product candidates, we might not receive such designation, and even if we do, such designation may not lead
to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process. 

We may seek a breakthrough therapy designation
for one or more of our other product candidates. A breakthrough therapy is defined as a drug that is intended, alone or in combination
with one or more other drugs, to treat a serious condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate
substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects
observed early in clinical development. For drugs and biologics that have been designated as breakthrough therapies, interaction and communication
between the FDA and the sponsor of the trial can help to identify the most efficient path for clinical development while minimizing the
number of patients placed in ineffective control regimens. Drugs designated as breakthrough therapies by the FDA may also be eligible
for priority review if supported by clinical data at the time the NDA is submitted to the FDA. Designation as a breakthrough therapy is
within the discretion of the FDA. Accordingly, even if we believe that one of our product candidates meets the criteria for designation
as a breakthrough therapy, the FDA may disagree and instead determine not to make such designation. Even if we receive breakthrough therapy
designation, the receipt of such designation for a product candidate may not result in a faster development or regulatory review or approval
process compared to drugs considered for approval under conventional FDA procedures and does not assure ultimate approval by the FDA.
In addition, even if one or more of our product candidates qualify as breakthrough therapies, the FDA may later decide that the product
candidates no longer meet the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. 

We may seek priority review designation
for one or more of our other product candidates, but we might not receive such designation, and even if we do, such designation may not
lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process. 

If the FDA determines that a product candidate
offers a treatment for a serious condition and, if approved, the product would provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness,
the FDA may designate the product candidate for priority review. A priority review designation means that the goal for the FDA to review
an application is six months, rather than the standard review period of ten months. We may request priority review for our product candidates.
The FDA has broad discretion with respect to whether or not to grant priority review status to a product candidate, so even if we believe
a particular product candidate is eligible for such designation or status, the FDA may decide not to grant it. Moreover, a priority review
designation does not necessarily mean a faster development or regulatory review or approval process or necessarily confer any advantage
with respect to approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. Receiving priority review from the FDA does not guarantee approval within
the six-month review cycle or at all. 

Risks Related to Third Parties 

We may rely on third parties to conduct
our non-clinical studies and our clinical studies. If these third parties do not perform as contractually required or expected, we may
not be able to select product candidates or obtain market acceptance for our product candidates, if any, or we may be delayed in doing
so. 

We often rely on third parties, such as CROs,
medical institutions, academic institutions, clinical investigators and contract laboratories, to conduct our clinical studies. We are
responsible for confirming that our clinical studies are conducted in accordance with applicable regulations and in accordance with its
general investigational plan and protocol. Our reliance on third parties does not relieve us of these responsibilities. If the third parties
conducting our clinical studies do not perform their contractual duties or obligations, do not meet expected deadlines, fail to comply
with Good clinical practice (GCP), do not adhere to our clinical study protocols or otherwise fail to generate reliable clinical
data, we may need to enter into new arrangements with alternative third parties and our clinical study may be more costly than expected
or budgeted, extended, delayed or terminated or may need to be repeated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize
the target molecules or product candidates, if any, tested in such studies. 

We may explore strategic collaborations
that may never materialize or may fail. 

We may, in the future, periodically explore a
variety of possible strategic collaborations including international distributors and partners, in an effort to gain access to new product
candidates or resources. At the current time, we cannot predict what form such a strategic collaboration might take. We are likely to
face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic collaborators, and these strategic collaborations can be complicated and
time-consuming to negotiate and document. We may not be able to negotiate strategic collaborations on acceptable terms, or at all. We
are unable to predict when, if ever, we will enter into any additional strategic collaborations because of the numerous risks and uncertainties
associated with establishing strategic collaborations. 

36 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 

If we are unable to protect our proprietary
rights or to defend against infringement claims, we may not be able to compete effectively or operate profitably. 

Our success will depend, in part, on our ability
to obtain patents, operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others and maintain trade secrets, both in the United States and
other countries. Patent matters in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and
factual questions. Accordingly, the validity, breadth and enforceability of our patents and the existence of potentially blocking patent
rights of others cannot be predicted, either in the United States or in other countries. 

There can be no assurance that we will discover
or develop patentable products or processes or that patents will issue from any of the currently pending patent applications or that claims
granted on issued patents will be sufficient to protect our technology or adequately cover the actual products we may actually sell. Potential
competitors or other researchers in the field may have filed patent applications, been issued patents, published articles or otherwise
created prior art that could restrict or block our efforts to obtain additional patents. There also can be no assurance that our issued
patents or pending patent applications, if issued, will not be challenged, invalidated, rendered unenforceable or circumvented or that
the rights granted hereunder will provide us with proprietary protection or competitive advantages. Our patent rights also depend on our
compliance with technology and patent licenses upon which our patent rights are based and upon the validity of assignments of patent rights
from consultants and other inventors that were, or are, not employed by us. 

In addition, competitors may manufacture and sell
our potential products in those foreign countries where we have not filed for patent protection or where patent protection may be unavailable,
not obtainable or ultimately not enforceable. In addition, even where patent protection is obtained, third-party competitors may challenge
our patent claims in the various patent offices, for example via opposition in the European Patent Office or reexamination or interference
proceedings in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO. The ability of such competitors to sell such products in the United
States or in foreign countries where we have obtained patents is usually governed by the patent laws of the countries in which the product
is sold. 

We will incur significant ongoing expenses in
maintaining our patent portfolio. Should we lack the funds to maintain our patent portfolio or to enforce our rights against infringers,
we could be adversely impacted. Even if claims of infringement are without merit, any such action could divert the time and attention
of management and impair our ability to access additional capital and/or cost us significant funds to defend. 

Intellectual property rights do not necessarily
address all potential threats to our competitive advantage. 

The degree of future protection afforded by our
intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations, and may not adequately protect our business,
or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. The following examples are illustrative: 

Others may be able to make compounds that are similar to our product candidates but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own or have exclusively licensed. 

We or our licensors or strategic collaborators might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patent or pending patent application that we own or have exclusively licensed. 

We or our licensors or strategic collaborators might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our inventions. 

Others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights. 

It is possible that our pending patent applications will not lead to issued patents. 

Issued patents that we own or have exclusively licensed may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid or unenforceable, as a result of legal challenges by our competitors. 

37 

Our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets. 

We may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable. 

The patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 

Should any of these events occur, they could significantly
harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 

Patent reform legislation could increase
the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. 

On September 16, 2011, the Leahy-Smith America
Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, was signed into law. The Leahy-Smith Act includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent
law. These include provisions that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. The USPTO
is currently developing regulations and procedures to govern administration of the Leahy-Smith Act, and many of the substantive changes
to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith Act will not become effective until one year or 18 months after its enactment. Accordingly,
it is not clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act will have on the operation of our business, our current and pending patent portfolio
and future intellectual property strategy. However, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs
surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a
material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

We may be subject to litigation with respect
to the ownership and use of intellectual property that will be costly to defend or pursue and uncertain in its outcome. 

Our success also will depend, in part, on our
refraining from infringing patents or otherwise violating intellectual property owned or controlled by others. Pharmaceutical companies,
biotechnology companies, universities, research institutions and others may have filed patent applications or have received, or may obtain,
issued patents in the United States or elsewhere relating to aspects of our technology. It is uncertain whether the issuance of any third-party
patents will require us to alter our products or processes, obtain licenses, or cease certain activities. Some third-party applications
or patents may conflict with our issued patents or pending applications. Any such conflict could result in a significant reduction of
the scope or value of our issued or licensed patents. 

In addition, if patents issued to other companies
contain blocking, dominating or conflicting claims and such claims are ultimately determined to be valid, we may be required to obtain
licenses to these patents or to develop or obtain alternative non-infringing technology and cease practicing those activities, including
potentially manufacturing or selling any products deemed to infringe those patents. If any licenses are required, there can be no assurance
that we will be able to obtain any such licenses on commercially favorable terms, if at all, and if these licenses are not obtained, we
might be prevented from pursuing the development and commercialization of certain of our potential products. Our failure to obtain a license
to any technology that we may require to commercialize our products on favorable terms may have a material adverse impact on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Litigation, which could result in substantial
costs to us (even if determined in our favor), may also be necessary to enforce any patents issued or licensed to us or to determine the
scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others. The FDA has only recently published draft guidance documents for implementation
of the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act (BPCIA) under the PPACA, related to the development of follow-on biologics (biosimilars),
and detailed guidance for patent litigation procedures under this act has not yet been provided. If another company files for approval
to market a competing follow-on biologic, and/or if such approval is given to such a company, we may be required to promptly initiate
patent litigation to prevent the marketing of such biosimilar version of our product prior to the normal expiration of the patent. There
can be no assurance that our issued or licensed patents would be held valid by a court of competent jurisdiction or that any follow-on
biologic would be found to infringe our patents. 

In addition, if our competitors file or have filed
patent applications in the United States that claim technology also claimed by us, we may have to participate in interference proceedings
to determine priority of invention. These proceedings, if initiated by the USPTO, could result in substantial costs to us, even if the
eventual outcome is favorable to us. Such proceedings can be lengthy, are costly to defend and involve complex questions of law and fact,
the outcomes of which are difficult to predict. Moreover, we may have to participate in post-grant proceedings or third-party ex parte
or inter partes reexamination proceedings under the USPTO. An adverse outcome with respect to a third-party claim or in an interference
proceeding could subject us to significant liabilities, require us to license disputed rights from third parties, or require us to cease
using such technology, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

38 

The patent protection and patent prosecution
for some of our target molecules and product candidates, if any, is dependent or may be dependent in the future on third parties. 

While we normally seek and gain the right to fully
prosecute the patents relating to our target molecules and product candidates, if any, there may be times when platform technology patents
or product-specific patents that relate to the target molecules or product candidates are controlled by our licensors. In addition, our
licensors and/or licensees may have back-up rights to prosecute patent applications in the event that we do not do so or choose not to
do so, and our licensees may have the right to assume patent prosecution rights after certain milestones are reached. If any of our licensing
collaborators fails to appropriately prosecute and maintain patent protection for patents covering any of our product candidates, our
ability to develop and commercialize those product candidates may be adversely affected and we may not be able to prevent competitors
from making, using and selling competing products. 

We have licensed, or will license, from
third parties certain technology necessary to develop and commercialize its therapeutics. If these licenses terminate, or if these third
parties do not comply with the terms of the license, or if the underlying licensed patents are found to be invalid, our business could
be negatively impacted. 

We have licensed, or will license, from third parties, technology necessary
to research, develop and commercialize our product candidates. In return for the use of their technology, we have paid or agreed,
or will agree, to pay the licensor certain fees. We may need to license additional technology to in the future. If these licenses terminate,
if the licensors fail to abide by the terms of the license or fail to prevent infringement by third parties, if the licensed patents or
other rights are found to be invalid or if we are unable to enter into necessary licenses on acceptable terms, our business could be negatively
impacted. 

We may become involved in lawsuits to protect
or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. 

Competitors may infringe our patents, trademarks,
copyrights or other intellectual property. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims,
which can be expensive and time consuming and divert the time and attention of our management and scientific personnel. Any claims we
assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their patents,
in addition to counterclaims asserting that our patents are invalid or unenforceable, or both. In any patent infringement proceeding,
there is a risk that a court will decide that a patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and that we do not have
the right to stop the other party from using the invention at issue. There is also a risk that, even if the validity of such patents is
upheld, the court will construe the patent s claims narrowly or decide that we do not have the right to stop the other party from
using the invention at issue on the grounds that our patent claims do not cover the invention. An adverse outcome in a litigation or proceeding
involving our patents could limit our ability to assert our patents against those parties or other competitors, and may curtail or preclude
our ability to exclude third parties from making and selling similar or competitive products. Any of these occurrences could adversely
affect our competitive business position, business prospects and financial condition. Similarly, if we assert trademark infringement claims,
a court may determine that the marks we have asserted are invalid or unenforceable, or that the party against whom we have asserted trademark
infringement has superior rights to the marks in question. In this case, we could ultimately be forced to cease use of such trademarks. 

Even if we establish infringement, the court may
decide not to grant an injunction against further infringing activity and instead award only monetary damages, which may or may not be
an adequate remedy. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation,
there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during litigation. There could also be public
announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive
these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of shares of our common stock. Moreover, there can
be no assurance that we will have sufficient financial or other resources to file and pursue such infringement claims, which typically
last for years before they are concluded. Even if we ultimately prevail in such claims, the monetary cost of such litigation and the diversion
of the attention of our management and scientific personnel could outweigh any benefit we receive as a result of the proceedings. 

39 

We may rely on trade secret and proprietary
know-how which can be difficult to trace and enforce and, if we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business
and competitive position would be harmed. 

We also rely on trade secrets to protect technology,
especially where patent protection is not believed to be appropriate or obtainable or where patents have not issued. For example, our
manufacturing process involves many trade secret steps, processes, and conditions. Trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect.
We attempt to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, with confidentiality agreements and assignment of invention agreements
with our employees and confidentiality agreements with our consultants and certain contractors. Despite these efforts, any of these parties
may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate
remedies for such breaches. Any disclosure, either intentional or unintentional, by our employees, the employees of third parties with
whom we share our facilities or third party consultants and vendors that we engage to perform research, clinical studies or manufacturing
activities, or misappropriation by third parties (such as through a cybersecurity breach) of our trade secrets or proprietary information
could enable competitors to duplicate or surpass our technological achievements, thus eroding our competitive position in our market. 

Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed
or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts
inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully
obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology
or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor or other
third party, our competitive position would be harmed. 

There can be no assurance that these agreements
are valid and enforceable, will not be breached, that we would have adequate remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets will not
otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. We may fail in certain circumstances to obtain the necessary confidentiality
agreements or assignment of invention agreements, or their scope or term may not be sufficiently broad to protect our interests or transfer
adequate rights to us. 

If our trade secrets or other intellectual property
become known to our competitors, it could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
To the extent that we or our consultants or research collaborators use intellectual property owned by others in work for us, disputes
may also arise as to the rights to related or resulting know-how and inventions. 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual
property rights throughout the world. 

Patents are of national or regional effect, and
filing, prosecuting and defending patents on all of our product candidates throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive. As such,
we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling
or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Further, the legal systems of certain
countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection,
particularly those relating to pharmaceuticals or biologics, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents
or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. In addition, certain developing countries, including
China and India, have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In those
countries, we and our licensors may have limited remedies if patents are infringed or if we or our licensors are compelled to grant a
license to a third party, which could materially diminish the value of those patents. This could limit our potential revenue opportunities.
Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial
advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 

40 

Patent terms may be inadequate to protect
our competitive position on our product candidates for an adequate amount of time. 

Patent rights are of limited duration. Given the
amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates
might expire before or shortly after such product candidates are commercialized. Even if patents covering our product candidates are obtained,
once the patent life has expired for a product, we may be open to competition from biosimilar or generic products. A patent term extension
based on regulatory delay may be available in the United States. However, only a single patent can be extended for each marketing approval,
and any patent can be extended only once, for a single product. Moreover, the scope of protection during the period of the patent term
extension does not extend to the full scope of the claim, but instead only to the scope of the product as approved. Laws governing analogous
patent term extensions in foreign jurisdictions vary widely, as do laws governing the ability to obtain multiple patents from a single
patent family. Additionally, we may not receive an extension if we fail to apply within applicable deadlines, fail to apply prior to expiration
of relevant patents or otherwise fail to satisfy applicable requirements. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or restoration,
or the term of any such extension is less than we request, the period during which we will have the right to exclusively market our product
will be shortened and our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration, and our revenue could
be reduced, possibly materially. 

We may be subject to claims by third parties
asserting that our employees or we have misappropriated their intellectual property or claiming ownership of what we regard as our own
intellectual property. 

Some of our employees and our licensors 
employees, including our senior management, were previously employed at universities or at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies,
including our competitors or potential competitors. Some of these employees may have executed proprietary rights, non-disclosure and non-competition
agreements, or similar agreements, in connection with such previous employment. Although we try to ensure that our employees do not use
the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these employees have used
or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such third party. Litigation may
be necessary to defend against such claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose
valuable intellectual property rights or personnel or sustain damages. Such intellectual property rights could be awarded to a third party,
and we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to commercialize our technology or products. Such a license may not
be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could
result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 

In addition, while we typically require our employees,
consultants and contractors who may be involved in the development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual
property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who in fact develops intellectual property that
we regard as our own, which may result in claims by or against us related to the ownership of such intellectual property. If we fail in
prosecuting or defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights. Even
if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction
to our senior management and scientific personnel. 

Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection
depends on compliance with various procedural, document submissions, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent
agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 

Periodic maintenance fees on any issued patent
are due to be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The USPTO and various foreign
governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during
the patent application process. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance
with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application,
resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Non-compliance events that could result in abandonment
or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time
limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. If we fail to maintain the patents and patent
applications covering our product candidates, our competitive position would be adversely affected. 

41 

Risks Relating to Litigation 

We are exposed to potential product liability
or similar claims, and insurance against these claims may not be available to us at a reasonable rate in the future. 

Our business exposes us to potential liability
risks that are inherent in the testing, manufacturing and marketing of human therapeutic products. Clinical trials involve the testing
of product candidates on human subjects or volunteers under a research plan, and carry a risk of liability for personal injury or death
to patients due to unforeseen adverse side effects, improper administration of the product candidate, or other factors. Many of these
patients are already seriously ill and are therefore particularly vulnerable to further illness or death. 

We currently do not carry clinical trial liability
insurance but we will need to once we begin clinical trials. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such insurance
or that the amount of such insurance will be adequate to cover claims. We could be materially and adversely affected if we were required
to pay damages or incur defense costs in connection with a claim outside the scope of indemnity or insurance coverage, if the indemnity
is not performed or enforced in accordance with its terms, or if our liability exceeds the amount of applicable insurance. In addition,
there can be no assurance that insurance will continue to be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all, or that if obtained, the
insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover any potential claims or liabilities. Similar risks would exist upon the commercialization
or marketing of any products by us or our collaborators. 

Regardless of their merit or eventual outcome,
product liability claims may result in: 

decreased demand for our product; 

injury to our reputation and
significant negative media attention; 

withdrawal of clinical trial
volunteers; 

costs of litigation; 

distraction of management;
and 

substantial monetary awards
to plaintiffs. 

Should any of these events occur, it could have
a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Information technology security breaches
and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to legal responsibility which would cause our business and reputation
to suffer. 

We are increasingly dependent on information
technology systems and infrastructure, much of which is outsourced to third parties including on cloud based platforms.
We collect, store, and use sensitive or confidential data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and
that of our suppliers, and business partners. The secure maintenance of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy.
We are subject to laws and regulations in the United States and abroad, such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
of 1996 and European Union regulations related to data privacy, which require us to protect the privacy and security of certain types
of information. Our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers, breached due to employee error,
malfeasance, or other disruptions, or subject to system failures. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable,
or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable to
anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. Any breaches or failures could compromise sensitive and confidential
information stored on our networks or those of third parties and expose such information to public disclosure, loss, or theft. Any actual
or alleged unauthorized access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under
laws that protect the privacy of personal information, disruption of our operations, and damage to our reputation, any of which could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Costs we may incur as a result of any of the foregoing,
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Given the increasing use of conferencing technologies
to conduct business virtually in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, these cybersecurity risks are becoming more prevalent. 

Risks Relating to Our Stock 

Our common stock is deemed a penny
stock, which would make it more difficult for our investors to sell their shares. 

Our common stock is subject to the penny
stock rules adopted under Section 15(g) of the Exchange Act. The penny stock rules generally apply to companies whose common stock
is not listed on the NASDAQ Stock Market or other national securities exchange and trades at less than 4.00 per share, other than companies
that have had average revenue of at least 6,000,000 for the last three years or that have tangible net worth of at least 5,000,000 2,000,000 if the company has been operating for three or more years). These rules require, among other things, that brokers who trade
penny stock to persons other than established customers complete certain documentation, make suitability inquiries of investors
and provide investors with certain information concerning trading in the security, including a risk disclosure document and quote information
under certain circumstances. Many brokers have decided not to trade penny stocks because of the requirements of the penny stock rules
and, as a result, the number of broker-dealers willing to act as market makers in such securities is limited. If we remain subject to
the penny stock rules for any significant period, it could have an adverse effect on the market, if any, for our securities. If our securities
are subject to the penny stock rules, investors will find it more difficult to dispose of our securities. 

42 

We have not paid cash dividends in the
past and do not expect to pay dividends in the future. Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. 

We have never paid cash dividends on our common
stock and do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings,
financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting us at such time as our board of directors may consider relevant.
If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if our stock price
appreciates. 

The price of our common stock may fluctuate
substantially. 

You should consider an investment in our common
stock to be risky, and you should invest in our common stock only if you can withstand a significant loss and wide fluctuations in the
market value of your investment. Some factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate, in addition to the other
risks mentioned in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this prospectus, are: 

sale of our common stock by our stockholders, executives, and directors;

volatility and limitations in trading volumes of our shares of common
 stock; 

our ability to obtain financings to conduct and complete research and
 development activities including, but not limited to, our human clinical trials, and other business activities; 

our announcements or our competitors announcements regarding
 new products or services, enhancements, significant contracts, acquisitions or strategic investments; 

failures to meet external expectations or management guidance; 

changes in our capital structure or dividend policy; 

our cash position; 

announcements and events surrounding financing efforts, including debt
 and equity securities; 

our inability to enter into new markets or develop new products; 

reputational issues; 

announcements of acquisitions, partnerships, collaborations, joint
 ventures, new products, capital commitments, or other events by us or our competitors; 

changes in general economic, political and market conditions in any
 of the regions in which we conduct our business; 

changes in industry conditions or perceptions; 

changes in valuations of similar companies or groups of companies;

analyst research reports, recommendation and changes in recommendations,
 price targets, and withdrawals of coverage; 

departures and additions of key personnel; 

disputes and litigations related to contractual obligations; 

43 

changes in applicable laws, rules, regulations, or accounting practices
 and other dynamics; or 

other events or factors, many of which may be out of our control. 

In addition, if the market for stocks in our
industry or industries related to our industry, or the stock market in general, experiences a loss of investor confidence, the trading
price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition and results of operations. If any
of the foregoing occurs, it could cause our stock price to fall and may expose us to lawsuits that, even if unsuccessful, could be costly
to defend and a distraction to management. 

Our ability to use our net operating loss
carry-forwards and certain other tax attributes is limited by Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code. 

Net operating loss carryforwards allow companies
to use past year net operating losses to offset against future years profits, if any, to reduce future tax liabilities. Sections
382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 limit a corporation s ability to utilize its net operating loss carryforwards
and certain other tax attributes (including research credits) to offset any future taxable income or tax if the corporation experiences
a cumulative ownership change of more than 50 over any rolling three-year period. State net operating loss carryforwards (and certain
other tax attributes) may be similarly limited. An ownership change can therefore result in significantly greater tax liabilities than
a corporation would incur in the absence of such a change and any increased liabilities could adversely affect the corporation s
business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. 

Even if another ownership change has not occurred
and does not occur as a result of this offering, additional ownership changes may occur in the future as a result of additional equity
offerings or events over which we will have little or no control, including purchases and sales of our equity by our five percent security
holders, the emergence of new five percent security holders, redemptions of our securities or certain changes in the ownership of any
of our five percent security holders. 

Our principal stockholders and management
own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exercise significant influence over matters subject to stockholder approval. 

As of September 30, 2022, our executive officers,
directors and principal security holders, together with their respective affiliates, owned approximately 36.50 of our outstanding securities.
Accordingly, this group of security holders will be able to exert a significant degree of influence over our management and affairs and
over matters requiring security holder approval, including the election of our Board of Directors, future issuances of our securities,
declaration of dividends and approval of other significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership could have the effect
of delaying or preventing a change-of-control of our company or otherwise discouraging a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain
control of us, which in turn could have a material and adverse effect on the fair market value of our securities. In addition, this significant
concentration of share ownership may adversely affect the trading price for our common stock if investors perceive disadvantages in owning
stock in a company with such concentrated ownership. 

U.S. federal income tax reform could adversely
affect us. 

On December 22, 2017, former President Trump
signed into law the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) that significantly reforms the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
The TCJA, among other things, includes changes to U.S. federal tax rates, imposes significant additional limitations on the deductibility
of interest, allows for the expensing of capital expenditures, and puts into effect the migration from a worldwide system
of taxation to a territorial system. The tax reform did not have a material impact to our projection of minimal cash taxes or to our
net operating losses. Our net deferred tax assets and liabilities are revalued at the newly enacted U.S. corporate rate, and the
impact has been recognized in our tax expense in the year of enactment. Further, any eligibility we may have or may someday have
for tax credits associated with the qualified clinical testing expenses arising out of the development of orphan drugs was reduced
to 25 as a result of the TCJA; thus, our net taxable income is affected. We continue to examine the impact this tax reform legislation
may have on our business. The impact of this tax reform on holders of our common stock is uncertain and could be adverse. This prospectus
does not discuss any such tax legislation or the way it might affect purchasers of our common stock. We urge our stockholders, including
purchasers of common stock in this offering, to consult with their legal and tax advisors with respect to such legislation and the potential
tax consequences of investing in our common stock. 

44 

In preparing our consolidated financial
statements, our management determined that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls were ineffective as of September
30, 2022 and if they continue to be ineffective could continue to result in material misstatements in our financial statements. 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. As of September 30, 2022, our management has determined that our disclosure controls and
procedures and internal controls were ineffective due to weaknesses in our financial closing process, inadequate segregation of duties
over authorization, review and recording of transactions, lack of accounting resources, as well as the financial reporting of such transactions. 

We intend to implement remedial measures designed
to address the ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls. If these remedial measures are insufficient
to address the ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls, or if material weaknesses or significant
deficiencies in our internal control are discovered or occur in the future and the ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
and internal controls continues, we may fail to meet our future reporting obligations on a timely basis, our consolidated financial statements
may contain material misstatements, we could be required to restate our prior period financial results, our operating results may be
harmed, we may be subject to class action litigation, and our common stock could be delisted. Any failure to address the ineffectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures could also adversely affect the results of the periodic management evaluations regarding the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures that are required to be included
in our annual report on Form 10-K. Internal control deficiencies and ineffective disclosure controls and procedures could also cause
investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information. We can give no assurance that the measures we plan to take in the
future will remediate the ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures or that any material weaknesses or restatements of
financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting
or adequate disclosure controls and procedures or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening
our controls and procedures, in the future those controls, and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or
errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our consolidated financial statements. 

Future sales and issuances of our common
stock or rights to purchase common stock pursuant to our equity incentive plan could result in additional dilution of the percentage
ownership of our stockholders and could cause our share price to fall. 

We expect that significant additional capital
will be needed in the future to continue our planned operations, including expanding research and development, funding clinical trials,
purchasing of capital equipment, hiring new personnel, commercializing our products, and continuing activities as an operating public
company. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution.
We may sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner, we
determine from time to time. If we sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in more than one transaction,
investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. Such sales may also result in material dilution to our existing stockholders,
and new investors could gain rights superior to our existing stockholders. 

We may be at risk of securities class action
litigation. 

We may be at risk of securities class action
litigation. This risk is especially relevant for us due to our dependence on positive clinical trial outcomes and regulatory approvals
of each of our product candidates. In the past, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have experienced significant stock price volatility,
particularly when associated with binary events such as clinical trials and product approvals. If we face such litigation, it could result
in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business and results in a decline
in the market price of our common stock. 

Our articles of incorporation and bylaws
and Nevada law may have anti-takeover effects that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control, which may cause our stock
price to decline. 

Our amended and restated articles of incorporation,
our amended and restated bylaws and Nevada law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if closing such a transaction
would be beneficial to our stockholders. Although we currently do not have shares of preferred stock outstanding, our board of directors
could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant holders preferred rights to our assets upon liquidation,
special voting rights, the right to receive dividends before dividends would be declared to common stockholders, and the right to the
redemption of such shares, possibly together with a premium, prior to the redemption of the common stock. To the extent that we do issue
preferred stock, the rights of holders of common stock could be impaired thereby, including without limitation, with respect to liquidation. 

45 

Provisions of our bylaws may also prevent or
frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our management. In particular, our bylaws, among other things: 

provide the board of directors with the ability to alter the bylaws
 without stockholder approval; and 

provide that vacancies on the board of directors may be filled by a
 majority of directors in office, although less than a quorum. 

Reports published by securities or industry
analysts, including projections in those reports that exceed our actual results, could adversely affect our common stock price and trading
volume. 

Securities research analysts, including those
affiliated with our underwriters from this offering, establish and publish their own periodic projections for our business. These projections
may vary widely from one another and may not accurately predict the results we actually achieve. Our stock price may decline if our actual
results do not match securities research analysts projections. Similarly, if one or more of the analysts who writes reports on
us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business or if one or more of these analysts ceases
coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, our stock price or trading volume could decline. While we expect
securities research analyst coverage to continue going forward, if no securities or industry analysts begin to cover us, the trading
price for our stock and the trading volume could be adversely affected. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Rasna does not currently have any executive offices.
It utilizes the address of Tiziana Therapeutics Inc. who are located at 5 Penn Plaza, New York, NY, 10001. We do not own any real property. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not involved in any pending legal proceeding
or litigation and, to the best of our knowledge, no governmental authority is contemplating any proceeding to which we are a party or
to which any of our properties is subject, which would reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect on us. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

46 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common shares are currently quoted on the
OTC Pink under the trading symbol RASP . Our shares were previously quoted on the OTCQB Market from September 27, 2016 to
April 21, 2017, the OTCQX market from April 22, 2017 until October 5, 2018 and on the OTCQB market from October 6, 2018 until April 18,
2022. Prior to September 27, 2016, our shares were quoted on the OTC Market under the trading symbol ATVM . 

Our transfer agent is Pacific Stock Transfer,
Inc., 6725 Via Austi Pkwy, Suite 300, Las Vegas, Nevada 89119 

Holders of our Common Stock 

As of September 30, 2022, there were 56 registered
stockholders of our issued and outstanding common stock. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our common stock and we do not anticipate paying any dividends or making any other distributions in the foreseeable future. The payment
by us of dividends, if any, in the future, rests within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend, among other things,
upon our earnings, capital requirements and financial condition. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

The following table summarizes information about
our equity compensation plans as of September 30, 2022. 

Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Number of Options Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Stockholders 
 2,790,675 
 0.71 

Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Stockholders 
 1,926,501 
 0.43 

Total 
 2,917,176 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED ] 

Not applicable. 

47 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking Statements 

The following discussion and analysis of our
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes and other
information that are included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations
that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events
could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those
set forth under the cautionary note regarding Forward-Looking Statements contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Additionally,
you should read the Risk Factors section of this Form 10-K for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion
and analysis. 

Our audited financial statements are stated
in United States dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. 

We assume no obligation to revise or publicly
release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties,
readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 

Unless expressly indicated or the context
requires otherwise, the terms Rasna, , the Company, we, us, and our 
refer to Rasna Therapeutics, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and, where appropriate, its wholly owned subsidiaries. 

Company Background 

Overview 

To date, we have devoted substantially all of
our resources to research and development efforts relating to our therapeutic candidates, including conducting clinical trials and developing
manufacturing capabilities, in-licensing related intellectual property, protecting our intellectual property and providing general and
administrative support for these operations. Since our inception, we have funded our operations primarily through the issuance of equity
securities. 

We anticipate that our expenses will increase
substantially if and as we: 

continue enrollment in our ongoing clinical trials; 

initiate new clinical trials; 

seek to identify, assess, acquire and develop other products,
 therapeutic candidates and technologies; 

seek regulatory and marketing approvals in multiple jurisdictions
 for our therapeutic candidates that successfully complete clinical studies; 

establish collaborations with third parties for the development
 and commercialization of our products and therapeutic candidates; 

make milestone or other payments under our agreements pursuant
 to which we have licensed or acquired rights to intellectual property and technology seek to maintain, protect, and expand our
 intellectual property portfolio; 

seek to attract and retain skilled personnel; 

incur the administrative costs associated with being a public
 company and related costs of compliance; 

create additional infrastructure to support our operations
 as a commercial stage public company and our planned future commercialization efforts; and 

experience any delays or encounter issues with any of the above. 

We expect to continue to incur significant expenses
and increasing losses for at least the next several years. Accordingly, we anticipate that we will need to raise additional capital in
addition to the net proceeds from this offering in order to obtain regulatory approval for, and the commercialization of our therapeutic
candidates. Until such time that we can generate meaningful revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to finance our operating activities
through public or private equity or debt financings, government or other third-party funding, marketing and distribution arrangements
and other collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements or a combination of these approaches. If we are unable to obtain
funding on a timely basis, we may be required to significantly curtail, delay or discontinue one or more of our research or development
programs or the commercialization of any approved therapies or products or be unable to expand our operations or otherwise capitalize
on our business opportunities, as desired, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We only have one segment of activity which is
that of a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on targeted drugs to treat diseases in oncology and immunology, mainly focusing
on the treatment of leukemia. 

48 

Summary of significant accounting policies 

This discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, or GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported period. In accordance with
US GAAP, we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

While our significant accounting policies are
more fully described in Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report, we believe
the following accounting policies are critical to the process of making significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of our
financial statements. 

Basis of preparation 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America US GAAP ).
Any reference in these notes to applicable guidance is meant to refer to US GAAP as found in the Accounting Standards Codification ASC and Accounting Standards Updates ASU of the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ). 

Principles of Consolidation 

In accordance with ASC 810, Consolidation,
 the Company consolidates any entity in which it has a controlling financial interest. 

The consolidated financial statements include
the financial statements of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, Rasna Research Inc, and Rasna Research Inc s subsidiary,
Arna Therapeutics Limited. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in the preparation of the accompanying
consolidated financial statements. 

49 

Going Concern 

We are subject to a number of risks similar to
those of other pre-commercial stage companies, including its dependence on key individuals, uncertainty of product development and generation
of revenues, dependence on outside sources of capital, risks associated with research, development, testing, and obtaining related regulatory
approvals of its pipeline products, suppliers and collaborators, successful protection of intellectual property, competition with larger,
better-capitalized companies, successful completion of our development programs and, ultimately, the attainment of profitable operations
are dependent on future events, including obtaining adequate financing to fulfill its development activities and generating a level of
revenues adequate to support the Company s cost structure. 

We have experienced net losses and significant
cash outflows from cash used in operating activities over the past two years, and as of September 30, 2022, had an accumulated deficit
of 24,221,067, a net loss for the period ended September 30, 2022 of 686,588 and net cash used in operating activities of 312,663.
These conditions indicate that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within the next twelve months
from the filing date of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

We expect to continue to incur net losses and
have significant cash outflows for at least the next twelve months. We currently have sufficient funds to continue operating until the
end of February 2023 , but will require significant additional cash resources to launch new development phases of existing products
in its pipeline. Additional cash injections are expected from Panetta partners which is expected to enable the Company to continue our
operations through at least March 2023, however in the event that we are unable to secure the necessary additional cash resources
needed, we may need to slow current development phases or halt new development phases in order to mitigate the effects of the costs of
development. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going
concern. This basis of accounting contemplates the recovery of our assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal
course of business. A successful transition to attaining profitable operations is dependent upon achieving a level of positive cash flows
adequate to support our cost structure. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting
period. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, including those related to the fair values of stock based compensation awards,
the modification and extinguishment of debt, troubled debt restructuring, derivatives and valuations associated with derivatives, income
taxes and contingent liabilities, among others. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that
we believe to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities.
Actual results could differ from those estimates and such differences could be material to our consolidated financial position and results
of operations. 

50 

Risks and Uncertainties 

We intend to operate in an industry that
is subject to rapid change. Our operations will be subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial, operational,
technological, regulatory, and other risks associated with an early-stage company, including the potential risk of business failure. 

Research and development 

Expenditure on research and development is charged
to the statement of operations in the year in which it is incurred with the exception of expenditures incurred in respect of the development
of major new products where the outcome of those projects is assessed as being reasonably certain in regard to viability and technical
feasibility. Such expenditure is capitalized and amortized straight line over the estimated period of sale for each product, commencing
in the year that sales of the product are first made. To date, we have not capitalized any such expenditures other than certain IPR D
 IP recorded in connection with certain acquisition or equity transactions. 

Income Taxes 

We account for income taxes under the asset
and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which the temporary differences are expected
to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the
period that includes the enactment date. Management considers many factors when assessing the likelihood of future realization of deferred
tax assets, including recent earnings experience by jurisdiction, expectations of future taxable income, and the carryforward periods
available for tax reporting purposes, as well as other relevant factors. A valuation allowance may be established to reduce deferred
tax assets to the amount that management believes is more likely than not to be realized. Due to inherent complexities arising from the
nature of the business, future changes in income tax law and variances between actual and anticipated operating results, management makes
certain judgments and estimates. Therefore, actual income taxes could materially vary from these estimates. 

On December 22, 2017, The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
was signed into law and has resulted in significant change to the U.S corporate income tax system. These changes include a federal statutory
rate reduction from 34 to 21 , a transition tax, which applies to the repatriation of foreign earnings and profits, the elimination
or reduction of certain domestic deductions and credits and limitations on the deductibility of interest expense and executive compensation. 

51 

Changes in tax rates and tax laws are accounted
for in the period of enactment. 

We recognize in the financial statements
the impact of a tax position, if that position is more likely than not to be sustained upon an examination, based on the technical merits
of the position. We record a liability for the difference between the benefit recognized and measured and the tax position taken or expected
to be taken on our tax return. To the extent that the assessment of such tax positions changes, the change in estimate is recorded
in the period in which the determination is made. To the extent interest and penalties are not assessed with respect to uncertain tax
positions, amounts accrued will be reduced and reflected as a reduction of the overall income tax provision. We have incurred no liability
and, therefore, did not need to record interest and penalties during the year ended September 30, 2022 and 2021. 

Foreign Currency 

Items included in the financial statements are
measured using their functional currency, which is the currency of the primary economic environment in which the company operates. The
Company s consolidated financial statements are presented in United States Dollar USD ), which is the company s
functional and presentational currency. 

Net Loss per Share 

Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing
net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net
loss per share includes potentially dilutive securities such as outstanding options and warrants, using various methods such as the treasury
stock or modified treasury stock method in the determination of dilutive shares outstanding during each reporting period. 

The following table sets forth potential common
shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options, the exercise of warrants and conversion of loan notes, all of which have been
excluded from the computation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding as they would be anti-dilutive, including the impact on
dilutive net loss per share of in-the-money warrants: 

September 30, 2022 
 September 30, 2021 
 
 Stock options 
 2,790,675 
 3,648,675 
 
 Warrants 
 1,926,501 
 1,926,501 
 
 Convertible Notes 
 171,233,333 
 82,487,678 
 
 Total shares issuable upon exercise or conversion 
 175,950,509 
 88,062,854 

Convertible Notes 

Debt Discount 

The Company issued certain convertible notes
that have certain embedded derivatives and/or required bifurcation. In connection with these features, the Company has recorded a discount
to the debt that will be accreted to the face value of the note under the effective interest method over the term of the note. 

52 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

Fair value is defined under FASB ASC Topic 820
as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or the most
advantageous market for an asset or liability in an orderly transaction between participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques
used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The standard describes
a fair value hierarchy based on the levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, that
may be used to measure fair value. The levels are as follows: 

Level 1 - Quoted
 prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities 

Level 2 - Inputs
 other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices
 for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other
 inputs that are observable or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the
 full term of the assets or liabilities 

Level 3 - Unobservable
 inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the
 value of the assets or liabilities. 

The following is a listing of the Company s
liabilities required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis and where they are classified within the fair value hierarchy as
of September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021: 

September 30, 2022 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Derivative Liability 

7,544 
 7,544 

September 30, 2021 
 
 Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Derivative Liability 

38,018 

38,018 

Equity-Based Payments 

ASC Topic 718 Compensation-Stock Compensation 
requires companies to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for the award of equity instruments based on the estimated
fair value of the award at the date of grant. The expense is to be recognized over the period during which an employee is required to
provide services in exchange for the award. We account for shares of common stock, stock options and warrants issued to employees based
on the fair value of the stock, stock option or warrant, if that value is more reliably measurable than the fair value of the consideration
or services received. 

We account for stock-based compensation awards
issued to non-employees under Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC No. 718-10, Compensation Stock Compensation Overall, and uses the Black-Scholes Merton option-pricing
model to determine the fair value of such awards. The Company values awards issued to non-employees on the grant date and has elected
to estimate forfeitures as they occur and uses the simplified method to estimate the term of such awards. The Company recognizes stock-based
compensation expense related to non-employee awards on a straight-line basis over the service period. 

53 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

The Company has determined that all recently
issued accounting pronouncements will not have a material impact on its consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash
flows, or do not apply to its operations. 

Results of Operations 

The following paragraphs set forth our results
of operations for the periods presented. The period-to-period comparison of financial results is not necessarily indicative of future
results. 

Results of Operations for the years ended September
30, 2022 and 2021 

Revenues 

There were no revenues for the year ended September
30, 2022, and 2021 because we do not have any commercial biopharmaceutical products. 

Operating Income/(Expenses) 

Operating expenses, consisting of research and
development costs, consultancy fees, legal and professional fees and general and administrative expenses, for the year ended September
30, 2022, decreased to an operating income of 141,088 from an operating loss of 247,814 for year ended September 30, 2021, a decrease
of 388,902. The decrease is predominantly due to a 150,000 and 375,000 gain on the settlement of accounts payable and related party
payable, respectively, due to the release of payment obligations to TES Pharma S.R.L and Eurema Consulting S.R.L (and their affiliates)
as all intellectual property rights and assignments relating to NPM1 were returned to them by the Company, offset by increased general
and administrative expenses of 107,460 and increased research and development patent expenses of 28,638. 

Other expense 

During the year ended September 30, 2022,
other expense increased to 827,676 from 628,184 for the year ended September 30, 2021. This is predominantly due to additional
interest expense which includes accretion of debt discount of 425,086 offset by a gain on the adjustment of a derivative liability
of 113,317, a decrease in foreign exchange loss of 332 and net savings of expenses in connection with the gain on troubled debt restructuring
and modification and extinguishment of convertible promissory notes incurred in 2021 of 111,945. 

Net Loss 

Net loss for the year ended September
30, 2022 decreased to 686,588 from a net loss of 875,998 for the year ended September 30, 2021, a decrease
of 189,410. This is predominantly due to 150,000 and 375,000 gain on the settlement of accounts payable and related party payable,
respectively, due to the release of payment obligations due to TES Pharma S.R.L and Eurema Consulting S.R.L (and their affiliates) as
all intellectual property rights and assignments relating to NPM1 were returned to them by the Company, offset by increased general and
administrative expenses of 107,460 and increased research and development patent expenses of 28,638. There was additional interest expense
which includes accretion of debt discount of 425,086 offset by a gain on the adjustment of a derivative liability of 113,317,
a decrease in foreign exchange loss of 332 and net savings of expenses in connection with the gain on troubled debt restructuring and
modification and extinguishment of convertible promissory notes incurred in 2021 of 111,945. 

54 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We believe we will require significant additional
cash resources to continue to launch new development phases of existing products in the Company s pipeline. In the event that
we are unable to secure the necessary additional cash resources needed, we may slow current development phases or halt new development
phases in order to mitigate the effects of the costs of development. These conditions, among others, raise substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern. A successful transition to attaining profitable operations is dependent upon achieving a level
of positive cash flows adequate to support our cost structure. We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on
acceptable terms, or at all. To the extent that we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our shareholders may experience
significant dilution. Any debt financing, if available, may (i) involve restrictive covenants that impact our ability to conduct, delay,
scale back or discontinue the development and/or commercialization of one or more product candidates; (ii) seek collaborators for
product candidates at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable and on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be
available; or (iii) relinquish or otherwise dispose of rights to technologies, product candidates or products that we would otherwise
seek to develop or commercialize its self on unfavorable terms. 

On November 18, 2021, the Company entered into
an eleventh 12 Convertible Promissory Note with Panetta Partners Ltd. (the Holder with a maturity date of December
31, 2023. The Holder provided the Company with 30,000 in cash. The Note provides the Holder with the right to convert, at
any time, all or any part of the outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest into shares of the Company s common stock
at a conversion price equal to the lower of (i) 0.01 per share or (ii) the price of the next equity financing, which raises at least
US 1,000,000, subject to adjustments noted within the Agreement. The number of shares issuable upon a conversion shall be determined
by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount of the Note to be converted by (y) the Conversion Price. The
Note requires the Company to reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of common stock the number of shares
that would be issued upon conversion of the Note, which includes the outstanding principal amount of the Note and interest accrued and
to be accrued through the date of maturity. 

On November 29, 2021, the Company entered into
another 12 Convertible Promissory Note again with Panetta Partners Ltd. (the Holder pursuant to which the Company
issued a Convertible Promissory Note to the Holder. The Holder provided the Company with 55,000 in cash. All other terms were the
same as the note before. 

On February 8, 2022, the Company entered into
the thirteenth 16 Convertible Promissory Note again with Panetta Partners Ltd. (the Holder pursuant to which the Company
issued a Convertible Promissory Note to the Holder. The Holder provided the Company with 30,000 in cash. The Note provides the
Holder with the right to convert, at any time, all or any part of the outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest into shares
of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to the lower of (i) 0.005 per share or (ii) the price of the next equity
financing, which raises at least US 1,000,000, subject to adjustments noted within the Agreement. The number of shares issuable upon
a conversion shall be determined by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount of the Note to be converted
by (y) the Conversion Price. The Note requires the Company to reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of
common stock the amount of shares that would be issued upon conversion of the Note, which includes the outstanding principal amount of
the Note and interest accrued and to be accrued through the date of maturity. 

On March 2, 2022, the Company entered into the
fourteenth 16 Convertible Promissory Note again with Panetta Partners Ltd. (the Holder pursuant to which the Company
issued a Convertible Promissory Note to the Holder. The Holder provided the Company with 45,000 in cash. All other terms were the
same as the thirteenth note. 

On May 13, 2022, all outstanding notes with a
principal value of 828,500 and accrued interest of 170,150 were converted into 111,071,358 ordinary shares with a par value of 0.01. 

On July 7, 2022, the Company entered into the
fifteenth 16 Convertible Promissory Note again with Panetta Partners Ltd. (the Holder pursuant to which the Company issued
a Convertible Promissory Note to the Holder. The Holder provided the Company with 165,000 in cash. The Note provides the Holder with
the right to convert, at any time, all or any part of the outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest into shares of the Company s
common stock at a conversion price equal to the lower of (i) 0.001 per share or (ii) the price of the next equity financing, which raises
at least US 1,000,000, subject to adjustments noted within the Agreement. The number of shares issuable upon a conversion shall be determined
by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount of the Note to be converted by (y) the Conversion Price. The
Note requires the Company to reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of common stock the amount of shares
that would be issued upon conversion of the Note, which includes the outstanding principal amount of the Note and interest accrued and
to be accrued through the date of maturity. 

Capital Resources 

The following table summarizes total current
assets, liabilities and working capital as of the periods indicated: 

September 30, 2022 
 September 30, 2021 
 Change 
 
 Current assets 
 85,276 
 44,577 
 40,699 
 
 Current liabilities 
 1,681,906 
 2,798,389 
 (1,116,483 
 
 Working capital deficiency 
 (1,596,630 
 (2,753,812 
 1,157,182 

We had a cash balance of 39,363 and
 10,848 as of September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021, respectively. 

55 

Liquidity 

The following table sets forth a summary of our
cash flows for the periods indicated: 

For the year ended September 30, 
 For the year ended September 30, 
 Increase/ 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (312,663 
 (293,393 
 19,270 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 341,178 
 290,000 
 (51,178 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities consists
of net loss adjusted for the effect of changes in operating assets and liabilities. 

Net cash used in operating activities was 312,663
for the year ended September 30, 2022 compared to 293,393 for the year ended September 30, 2021. The net loss
of 686,588 for the year ended September 30, 2022 was partially offset primarily by a gain on derivative liability of 113,317,
gain on the settlement of accounts payable of 150,000 and a gain on the settlement of a related party payable of 375,000 adjusted for
accretion of debt discount of 885, 085, interest expense of 55,904 and changes in operating assets and liabilities of
 71,253. 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities consists
of proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes of 325,000, proceeds from a related party loan of 85,000 offset by payments for
on a note payable of 68,882 for the year ended September 30, 2022 compared to proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes
of 290,000 for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Capital Market Risk. 

We currently do not have any revenues because
we do not have any commercial products and therefore depend on funds raised through other sources. One source of funding is through future
debt or equity offerings. Our ability to raise funds in this manner depends upon, among other things, capital market forces affecting
our stock price. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The full text of our audited financial statements
as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, and for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 begins on page F-1 of this Annual report on Form
10-K. 

56 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND
DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as
of September 30, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Company s Chief Financial Officer
have concluded that as of September 30, 2022, due to the existence of the material weaknesses in the Company s internal control
over financial reporting described below, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting are a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles US GAAP ). 

Because of their inherent limitations, internal
controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of management, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Company s Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial over financial reporting based on the framework described in
Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Commission of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, as revised in 2013.
Based on that evaluation, management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
as of the period ended September 30, 2022 due to the existence of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting
described below. 

Material Weaknesses 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal controls over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Management has determined that the Company did
not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of the period ended September 30, 2022 due to the existence of the
following material weaknesses identified by management: 

Lack of Accounting Resources 

The Company had a lack of accounting resources
resulting in inadequate monitoring controls and other oversight procedures. Our management has determined that our disclosure controls
and procedures and internal controls were ineffective due to weaknesses in our financial closing process, inadequate segregation of duties
over authorization, review and recording of transactions and disclosures lack of accounting resources, as well as the financial reporting
of such transactions. There was an instance where the Company should have obtained shareholder approval to increase the number of authorized
shares to a sufficient level prior to entering into certain transactions, which led to additional filing delays. Additionally, the accounting
for the extinguishment of convertible loan notes was incorrectly accounted for due to a lack of technical expertise in this area. 

57 

Control Environment 

The Company did not maintain an effective control
environment. The control environment, which is the responsibility of senior management, sets the tone of the organization, influences
the control consciousness of its people, and is the foundation for all other components of internal control over financial reporting.
Our control environment was ineffective because: 

We developed an Insider Trading policy, which is within our code of
 ethics policy, but it should be a separate and more robust policy to include a definition of insiders versus employees ,
 black-out periods , and how to contact the Compliance Officer if there are questions or concerns prior to executing
 a trade. In addition, it should be communicated and acknowledged by all employees, officers, and directors; 

Remediation efforts to address the material
weakness relating to the Control Environment 

Management intends to remediate this item in
the following manner: 

i. 
 Develop and implement the policies as listed herein. These policies
 will be approved by the Audit Committee and posted on the Company s website. 

Accordingly, management has determined that these control deficiencies
constitute a material weakness. Management will begin implementing the Remediation Plan described herein and intends to continue working
on it through the year ended September 30, 2023. 

Changes in internal control over financial
reporting 

Other than as noted above, there have been no
changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Exchange
Act) during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially effected, or a reasonably likely to materially effect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING
FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

58 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following persons are our executive officers
and directors as of December 15, 2022 and hold the positions set forth opposite their respective names. 

Name 
 
 Age

Position 
 
 John Brancaccio 
 
 74 
 
 Director 

Gary Jacob 
 
 75 
 
 Director 

Willy Simon 
 
 72 
 
 Chairman 

Keeren Shah 
 
 47 
 
 Finance Director 

John Brancaccio 

Director 

Mr. Brancaccio, retired CPA, is a financial executive
with extensive international and domestic experience in pharmaceutical and biotechnology for privately and publicly held companies. From
2000 to 2002, Mr. Brancaccio was the Chief Financial Officer/Chief Operating Officer of Eline Group, an entertainment and media company.
From May 2002 until March 2004, Mr. Brancaccio was the Chief Financial Officer of Memory Pharmaceuticals Corp., a biotechnology company.
From April 2004 until May 2017, Mr. Brancaccio was the Chief Financial Officer of Accelerated Technologies, Inc., an incubator for medical
device companies. Mr. Brancaccio is currently a director of Cardiff Oncology, Inc., Hepion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., OKYO Pharma Ltd., Accustem
Sciences Inc and Tiziana Life Sciences plc. 

Gary Jacob 

Director 

Dr. Jacob has over 35 years of extensive experience
in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries across multiple disciplines, including research and development, operations, business
development, capital financing activities and senior management expertise. He has developed broad and influential contacts throughout
the biopharmaceutical, financial, banking and investor communities. Dr. Jacob is the Co-Founder and former CEO and Chairman of Synergy
Pharmaceuticals. During his time at Synergy, he served as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman, and is the co-inventor
of Synergy s FDA-approved drug Trulance which is currently marketed in the U.S. by Bausch Health, Inc. to treat functional
GI disorders. Dr. Jacob is also the former CEO and Managing Director of Immuron Inc., an Australian biotechnology company dual-listed
on the Australian ASX exchange and on NASDAQ. Dr. Jacob currently is Chairman of the Board of Hepion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a public
NASDAQ listed company with a drug in clinical development to treat nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), Chief Executive Officer of OKYO
Pharma Ltd, a UK Listed biopharmaceutical company developing next-generation therapeutics to improve the lives of patients with
inflammatory eye diseases and chronic pain and is also on the Board of Directors of Cardiff Oncology, Inc., a NASDAQ listed public
oncology company. He served as Chief Executive Officer and Director of Callisto Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from May 2003 until January 2013. Prior
to his involvement with Callisto and Synergy, Dr. Jacob was at Monsanto/G.D. Searle, where he was Director of Glycobiology and a Monsanto
Science Fellow, specializing in the field of Glycobiology and drug discovery. Dr. Jacob holds over 30 patents and is the co-inventor
of two pharmaceutical drugs which are FDA approved. Dr. Jacob earned a B.S. cum laude in Chemistry from the University
of Missouri St. Louis and holds a Ph.D. in Biochemistry from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. 

59 

Willy Simon 

Chairman 

Willy Jules Simon is a banker and worked at Kredietbank
N.V. and Citibank London before serving as an executive member of the Board of Generale Bank NL from 1997 to 1999 and as the chief executive
of Fortis Investment Management from 1999 to 2002. He acted as chairman of Bank Oyens van Eeghen from 2002 to 2004. Willy Simon
has been the chairman of Bever Holdings, a company listed in Amsterdam, since 2006 and Chairman of Ducat Maritime since 2015. He also
serves as a director OKYO Pharma Ltd., Accustem Sciences Inc and Tiziana Life Sciences plc. 

Keeren Shah 

Finance Director 

Ms. Shah has been the Finance Director of
our company since July 2020, having served as its financial controller since July 2016. Ms Shah has been the Finance
Director of Tiziana Life Sciences since August 2020. She also serves as CFO for OKYO Pharma Ltd and Accustem Sciences Inc. 

Our directors are appointed for a one-year
term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws.
Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board. 

Board Independence 

We currently have three directors serving on
our board of directors. Our Board of Directors has adopted the definition of independence as described in NASDAQ Rules
4200 and 4350. Independent directors would not include anyone who, within the past three years, be employed by our Company or any parent
or subsidiary of our company or any of their family members; or any director who is, or who has a family member who is, a controlling
shareholder. Our Board of Directors has determined that a majority of our directors do meet the independence requirements. 

Family Relationships and Other Arrangements

There are no family relationships among our directors
and executive officers. There are no arrangements or understandings between or among our executive officers and directors pursuant to
which any director or executive officer was or is to be selected as a director or executive officer. 

Audit Committee 

We have a separately designated standing Audit
Committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act.
The Audit Committee s responsibilities include, among other things: (i) selecting and retaining an independent registered public
accounting firm to act as our independent auditors, setting the compensation for our independent auditors, overseeing the work done by
our independent auditors and terminating our independent auditors, if necessary, (ii) periodically evaluating the qualifications, performance
and independence of our independent auditors, (iii) pre-approving all auditing and permitted non-audit services to be provided by our
independent auditors, (iv) reviewing with management and our independent auditors our annual audited financial statements and our quarterly
reports prior to filing such reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, including the results of our independent
auditors review of our quarterly financial statements, and (v) reviewing with management and our independent auditors significant
financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements. The Audit Committee also
prepares the Audit Committee report that is required to be included in our annual proxy statement pursuant to the rules of the SEC. 

The Audit Committee currently consists of John
P. Brancaccio, chairman of the Audit Committee and Willy Simon. Under the applicable rules and regulations of NASDAQ, each member of
a company s audit committee must be considered independent in accordance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(c)(2)(A)(i) and (ii) and
Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Exchange Act. The Board has determined that Messrs. Brancaccio and Simon are independent 
as that term is defined under applicable NASDAQ and SEC rules. Mr. Brancaccio is our audit committee financial expert. The Board has
adopted a written charter setting forth the authority and responsibilities of the Audit Committee. 

60 

Compensation Committee 

The purpose of the Compensation Committee is
to discharge the Board s responsibilities relating to compensation of our directors and executive officers. The Compensation Committee
has responsibility for, among other things, (i) recommending to the Board for approval the overall compensation philosophy for our company
and periodically reviewing the overall compensation philosophy for all employees to ensure it is appropriate and does not incentivize
unnecessary and excessive risk taking, (ii) reviewing annually and making recommendations to the Board for approval, as necessary or
appropriate, with respect to our compensation plans, (iii) based on an annual review, determining and approving, or at the discretion
of the Compensation Committee, recommending to the Board for determination and approval, the compensation and other terms of employment
of each of our officers, (iv) reviewing and making recommendations to the Board with respect to the compensation of directors, (v) overseeing
our regulatory compliance with respect to compensation matters, (vi) reviewing and discussing with management, prior to the filing of
our annual proxy statement or annual report on Form 10-K, our disclosure relating to executive compensation, including our Compensation
Discussion and Analysis and executive and director compensation tables as required by SEC rules, and (vii) preparing an annual report
regarding executive compensation for inclusion in our annual proxy statement or our annual report on Form 10-K. The Compensation Committee
has the power to form one or more subcommittees, each of which may take such actions as may be delegated by the Compensation
Committee. 

The Compensation Committee currently consists
of Willy Simon, Chairman of the Compensation Committee and Gary Jacob. The Board has determined that all of the members are independent under
NASDAQ Listing Rule 5602(a)(2). The Board has adopted a written charter setting forth the authority and responsibilities of the
Compensation Committee. 

Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee 

The Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee
has responsibility for assisting the Board in, among other things, (i) effecting Board organization, membership and function, including
identifying qualified board nominees, (ii) effecting the organization, membership and function of the committees of the Board, including
the composition of the committees of the Board and recommending qualified candidates for the committees of the Board, (iii) evaluating
and providing successor planning for the chief executive officer and our other executive officers, (iv) identifying and evaluating candidates
for director in accordance with certain general and specific criteria, (v) developing and recommending to the Board Corporate Governance
Guidelines and any changes thereto, setting forth the corporate governance principles applicable to us, and overseeing compliance with
the our Corporate Governance Guidelines, and (vi) reviewing potential conflicts of interest involving directors and determining whether
such directors may vote on issues as to which there may be a conflict. The Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee is responsible for
identifying and evaluating candidates for director. Potential nominees are identified by the Board based on the criteria, skills and
qualifications that are deemed appropriate by the Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee. 

The Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee
currently consists of Gary Jacob, chairman of the Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee and John P. Brancaccio. The Board has
determined that all of the members are independent under NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2). The Board has adopted a written
charter setting forth the authority and responsibilities of the Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We have adopted a formal Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics applicable to all Board members, officers and employees. That code is available on our corporate website www.rasna.com. A
copy will also be provided free of charge upon request to: 

Rasna Therapeutics Inc., 420 Lexington Ave, Suite
2525, New York, NY 10170. 

61 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth summary information
concerning the total compensation paid to our executive officers for the year ended September 30, 2022 for services to our company. 

Executive Compensation 

Fees Earned or Paid in 
 Option 

Name 
 Cash ) 
 Awards ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Keeren Shah 
 15,000 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards During Fiscal
Year 

There were no grants of plan-based awards
to our executive officers for the year ended September 30, 2022. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table sets forth information for
the named executive officers regarding the number of shares subject to both exercisable and unexercisable stock options, as well as the
exercise prices and expiration dates thereof, as of September 30, 2022. Except for the options set forth in the table below, no other
equity awards were held by any our named executive officers as of September 30, 2022. 

Number of Securities Underlying
 Unexercised Options (#) 
 Option Exercise 
 Option Expiration 
 
 Name 
 Exercisable 
 Unexercisable 
 Price ) 
 Date 
 
 Keeren Shah 
 2,500 
 
 4.00 
 9/1/2026 

Director Compensation 

The following table sets forth summary information
concerning the total compensation paid to our non-employee directors for the year ended September 30, 2022 for services to our company. 

Director Compensation 

Fees Earned or Paid in 
 Option 

Name 
 Cash ) 
 Awards ) 
 Total ) 
 
 John Brancaccio 
 25,000 
 
 25,000 

62 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP
OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following tables set forth certain information
regarding the ownership of our common stock as of February 7, 2022, by: 

each director; 

each person known by us to own beneficially 5 or more of our Common
 Stock; 

each executive officer; and 

all directors and executive officers as a group. 

The amounts and percentages of common stock beneficially
owned are reported on the basis of regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission governing the determination of beneficial ownership
of securities. Under the rules of the SEC, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has
or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or investment
power, which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial
owner of any securities of which that person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under these rules more than
one person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities
as to which such person has no economic interest. 

Unless otherwise indicated below, to the best
of our knowledge each beneficial owner named in the table has sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares beneficially
owned, subject to community property laws where applicable. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o 420
Lexington Avenue, New York, NY 10170. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage Beneficially Owned (1) 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors : 

John Brancaccio 
 100,000 (2) 

Gary Jacob 
 62,399 (2) 

All executive officers and directors as a group (3 persons) 
 164,899 (3) 

5 or Greater Stockholders: 

Panetta Partners Ltd. (4) 
 658,036,668 (5) 
 85.26 

less than 1 

(1) 
 Based on 711,811,360 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of January 26, 2023. 
 
 (2) 
 Consists of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of vested stock options. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes 152,500 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of vested stock options. 
 
 (4) 
 Gabriele Cerrone is a director of Panetta Partners Ltd. and in such capacity holds voting and dispositive power over our securities held by such entity. 
 
 (5) 
 Includes 529,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of vested stock options held by Mr. Cerrone. 

63 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The following is a description of transactions
or series of transactions since October 1, 2021, or any currently proposed transaction, to which we were or are to be a participant and
in which the amount involved in the transaction or series of transactions exceeds 120,000, and in which any of our directors, executive
officers or persons who we know hold more than five percent of our common stock, including their immediate family members, had or will
have a direct or indirect material interest, other than compensation arrangements with our directors and executive officers. 

Eurema Consulting 

Eurema Consulting S.r.l. is a significant
shareholder of the Company. During the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, Eurema Consulting did not supply
the Company with consulting services. 

In March 2022, the Company agreed to return back
to Eurema Consulting S.R.L all intellectual property rights and assignments relating to NPM1. In exchange for this, Eurema Consulting
S.R.L agreed to waive any payments due to them and their affiliates by Rasna, this amounted to a 200,000 gain on the settlement of the
related party payable. Rasna may be entitled to 20 of any future royalties and/or milestone payments upon successful completion of a
clinical Proof of Concept study under certain agreed upon circumstances. 

As of September 30, 2022, and September
30, 2021, the balance due to Eurema Consulting S.r.l. was 0 and 200,000, respectively for past consultancy services. 

Gabriele Cerrone 

Gabriele Cerrone is the majority shareholder
of Panetta Partners, one of the Company s principal shareholders. As of September 30, 2022, and September 30, 2021, the
balance due to Gabriele Cerrone was 175,000 for past consultancy services. 

In March 2020, the Company entered into
a 12 Convertible Promissory Note with Gabriele Cerrone for 20,000 with an extended maturity date of December 31,
2023. In February 2021, Gabriele Cerrone assigned the Note to Panetta Partners Ltd. This note was converted in May 2022. 

Roberto Pellicciari and TES Pharma 

Roberto Pellicciari is the majority shareholder
of TES Pharma Srl, one of the Company s principal shareholders. During the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, Roberto
Pellicciari did not provide the Company with consulting services. 

In March 2022, the Company agreed to return back
to TES Pharma S.R.L all intellectual property rights and assignments relating to NPM1. In exchange for this, TES Pharma S.R.L agreed
to waive any payments due to them and their affiliates (which includes Roberto Pelliciari) by Rasna. this amounted to a 175,000 gain
on the settlement of the related party payable to Roberto Pellicciari and a 150,000 gain on the settlement of accounts payable to TES
Pharma and its affiliates. Rasna may be entitled to 20 of any future royalties and/or milestone payments upon successful completion
of a clinical Proof of Concept study under certain agreed upon circumstances. 

64 

As of September 30, 2022, and September 30, 2021,
the balance due to Roberto Pellicciari was 0 and 175,000 respectively, for past consultancy services. As of September
30, 2022 and September 30, 2021, TES Pharma was owed 0 and 75,000 respectively. 

Tiziana Life Sciences Tiziana 

The Company is party to a Shared Services Agreement
with Tiziana, whereby the Company is charged for shared services and rent. Tiziana had previously agreed to waive all
charges for shared services from October 2018 onwards, until further notice since the amounts due for such services are de minimis.
Notice was given and recharges from October 1, 2020 were resumed. Keeren Shah, the Company s Finance Director, is also Finance
Director of Tiziana, and the Company s directors, Willy Simon and John Brancaccio are also non-executive directors
of Tiziana. 

As of September 30, 2022, and September 30, 2021,
 20,321 and 11,446, respectively, was due to Tiziana under services charged under the shared services agreement. This is recorded
as a related party payable in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

In March 2020, Tiziana extended a loan facility
to Rasna of 65,000. The loan is repayable within 18 months and is incurring an interest charge of 8 per annum. In April 2020,
the loan facility was extended by a further 7,000, so the loan facility totals 72,000. As of September 30, 2022, the amounts due to
Tiziana under this loan facility were 86,400. The amount due to Tiziana under this agreement as of September 30, 2021 was 80,640 

In July 2022, Tiziana extended another loan
facility to Rasna of 85,000. The loan is repayable within 18 months and is incurring an interest charge of 16 per annum. As of
September 30, 2022, the amounts due to Tiziana under this loan facility were 91,967. 

Panetta Partners 

Panetta Partners Limited, a shareholder
of Rasna, is a company in which Gabriele Cerrone is a major shareholder and also serves as a director. Until May 2022,
the Company had entered into numerous 12 Convertible Promissory Notes with Panetta Partners for a total of 361,000. The amount
due for these notes upon conversion in May 2022 with respect to the principal and accrued interest was 494,383. 

In July 2022, the Company entered into a promissory
note with Panetta Partners Ltd for 165,000. The note carries an interest rate of 16 with a conversion price of 0.001 and
is due for repayment by December 31, 2024. As at September 30, 2022, 171,233 was due with respect to notes issued. As at September
30, 2021, 276,303 was due with respect to notes issued. 

Apart from the Convertible Promissory Notes,
there is no interest charged on the balances with related parties. There are no defined repayment terms, and such amounts
can be called for payment at any time. 

65 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING
FEES AND SERVICES 

Set forth are the aggregate fees billed to the
Company by Marcum LLP, the Company s former independent registered public accounting firm, for the indicated services for each
of the last two fiscal years were as follows: 

Years ended September 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 15,450 
 122,785 
 
 Audit - related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total fees 
 15,420 
 122,785 

Audit fees consist of fees billed for services rendered for the audit
 of our financial statements and review of our financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services provided
 in connection with other statutory or regulatory filings. 

Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related
 services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and not reported under
 Audit fees. No such fees were billed in fiscal 2022 or 2021. 

Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services related to
 the preparation of our U.S. federal and state income tax returns and tax advice. No such fees were billed by Marcum LLP in fiscal
 2021 or 2020. The Audit Committee pre-approved all Audit-related fees. After considering the provision of services encompassed within
 the above disclosures about fees, the Audit Committee has determined that the provision of such services is compatible with maintaining
 Marcum s independence. 

Set forth are the aggregate fees billed to the
Company by Mazars USA LLP, the Company s current independent registered public accounting firm, for the indicated services for
each of the last two fiscal years were as follows: 

Years ended September 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 172,000 

Audit - related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total fees 
 172,000 

66 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) (1) Financial Statements 

See Item 8. 

(a) (2) Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

(b) Exhibits 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1(a) 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Articles of Incorporation as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on September 26, 2016 and effective September
 20, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K filed on September 26, 2016) 
 
 3.1(b) 
 
 Certificate
 of Change of Active With Me, Inc., as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on September 19, 2016 and effective September 20,
 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on September 26, 2016). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 10-K filed on June 29, 2017). 
 
 4.1 
 
 2016
 Incentive Equity Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on August 16, 2016). 
 
 14 
 
 Code
 of Business Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to Form 10-K filed on June 29, 2017). 
 
 21 
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to Form 10-K filed on March 01, 2022). 
 
 24 
 
 Power of Attorney (included
 on signature page hereto) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 Certifications under Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 Certifications under Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

67 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report on Form 10-K to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: February 9, 2023 
 RASNA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Willy Simon 

Willy Simon 

Chairman 

68 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE
PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints, jointly and severally, Willy Simon his attorney-in-fact,
each with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite
and necessary to be done in connection therewith as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying
and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact, or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title(s) 
 
 Date 

/s/ Willy Simon 
 
 Chairman 
 
 February 9, 2023 
 
 Willy Simon 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Keeren Shah 
 
 Finance Director 
 
 February 9, 2023 
 
 Keeren Shah 
 
 (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/ John Brancaccio 
 
 Director 
 
 February 9, 2023 
 
 John Brancaccio 

/s/ Gary Jacob 
 
 Director 
 
 February 9, 2023 
 
 Gary Jacob 

69 

RASNA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2022 and 20 21 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Rasna
Therapeutics, Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Rasna Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements
of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended September 30, 2022, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Regarding Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations, has a working capital deficiency, and an accumulated deficit, that raises substantial doubt
about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regards to these matters are also described in Note 3. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Modifications and Extinguishment of Debt 

During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, the Company modified
several convertible notes. Management determined whether to account for these modifications as a debt modification or debt extinguishment.
Management followed the guidance of Accounts Standards Codification ASC 470-50, Debt Modifications and Extinguishments,
ASC 815-15, Derivatives and Hedging. Per the guidance, management determined if the amended terms are substantially different, defined
as the present value of the remaining cash flows after amendment differ by at least 10 of those prior to the amendment. 

F- 2 

Given the significant estimates involved in determining
if there is a debt modification or extinguishment, the related audit effort in evaluating both management s estimates in determining
the total discount and the determination of whether the changes made the debt agreements a debt modification or debt extinguishment was
extensive and required a high degree of auditor judgement. 

The primary procedures we performed to address
this critical audit matter included: 

We obtained an understanding over the Company s
process to determine whether the modifications to the convertible notes are a modification or extinguishment. We reviewed the guidance
in ASC 470-50, Modifications and Extinguishments, and ASC 815-15, Embedded Derivatives, and management s calculation of the present
value of the cash flows prior to and after the amendments to see if there was more than a 10 change. We also recalculated the change
in the present value of the remaining cash flows after the amendments for each of the amended convertible notes to determine if management
applied the correct accounting treatment. We further considered the guidance in ASC 470-60, Troubled Debt Restructurings by Debtors, to
determine if any of the amendments met the troubled debt restructuring criteria. 

Additionally, we obtained an understanding over
the Company s process to estimate the debt discounts including how the Company develops each of the estimates required. We applied
the following audit procedures relating to testing the Company s estimates: 

We tested management s assumptions used
for calculation of any modification and/or extinguishment for the fair value of the convertible notes before and after modification as
well as any potential embedded derivatives. 

We considered how the Company should account
for any contingent conversion option (redemption feature) 

We tested the assumptions used and recalculated
the fair value of the embedded derivatives within the convertible note agreements. 

We have served
as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

/s/ 

February 9,
2023 

F- 3 

RASNA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

As of September 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepayments and other receivables 

Total current assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Liabilities: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Related party payables 

Loan payable - related party 

Note payable 
 
 -

Derivative liabilities 

Convertible notes payable, net - related party 

Convertible notes payable, net 
 -

Total Current liabilities 

Loan payable - related party 
 
 -

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 

Shareholders deficit 

Preferred stock, par value shares authorized 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; issued and outstanding at September 30, 2022; issued and outstanding at September 30, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total liabilities and shareholders deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

RASNA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years ended 
 September 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating (income)/ expenses: 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Gain on settlement of accounts payable 

Gain on settlement of related party payable 

Total operating (income)/ expenses 

Income/(Loss) from operations 

Other income/(expense): 

Expenses in connection with modification and extinguishment of convertible promissory notes 
 -

Interest expense 

Gain on derivative liability 

Gain on troubled debt restructuring 
 -

Foreign currency transaction loss 
 -

Total other expense 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted loss per share attributable to common shareholders

Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

RASNA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2022, AND 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance at October 1, 2020 

Share based compensation 

Net loss 

Fees relating to debt issuance 

Beneficial conversion feature related to convertible notes 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

Beneficial conversion feature related to convertible notes 

Issuance of stock conversion of notes 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

RASNA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended September 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Share-based compensation 

Fee for convertible loan note to be settled in equity 

Depreciation 

Non-cash interest expense 

Accretion of debt discount 

Gain on derivative liability 

Gain on settlement of accounts payable 

Gain on settlement of related party payable 

Gain on troubled debt restructuring 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepayments and other receivables 

Related party receivable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Related party payables 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes related party 

Proceeds from issuance of loan payable related party 

Payments on note payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase/ (decrease) in cash 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

SCHEDULE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Costs in connection with extinguishments of promissory notes 

Derivative liabilities in connection with issuance and extension of convertible notes. 

Beneficial conversion feature related to issuance and extension of convertible notes 

Conversion of Notes into Common stock 

Issuance of note payable relating to renewal of insurance policy 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

RASNA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 8 

F- 9 

Warrants 

Convertible notes associated fees 

Total shares issuable upon exercise or conversion 

Weighted average number of shares 

Net loss per share (basic and diluted)

F- 10 

, a net loss for the period ended September 30,
2022 of and net cash used in operating activities of . 

Accrued expenses 

at September 30, 2022 is approximately of research and development fees, for directors fees, and for
consultancy fees. Included within the accrued expenses balance of at September 30, 2021 is approximately of accounting
and professional fees, of research and development fees, for directors fees, and for consultancy fees. 

gain on the settlement of an accounts payable. 

F- 11 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Outstanding balance at September 30, 2021 

Warrants exercisable at September 30, 2021 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Outstanding balance at September 30, 2022 

Warrants exercisable at September 30, 2022 

Accrued Interest 

Accretion of debt discount 

Beneficial conversion feature related to issuance and extension of convertible notes 

Derivative liabilities in connection with issuance and extension of convertible notes 

Conversion of convertible notes 

Balance of convertible notes payable, net as of September 30, 2022 

Balance of convertible notes payable - related party, net as of September 30, 2021 

Issuance of debt 

Accrued Interest 

Accretion of debt discount 

Beneficial conversion feature related to issuance and extension of convertible notes 

Derivative liabilities in connection with issuance and extension of convertible notes 

Conversion of convertible notes 

Balance of convertible notes payable - related party, net as of September 30, 2022 

Balance of non-related notes payable, net as of September 30, 2020 

Issuance of debt 

Accretion of debt discount 

Derivative liabilities in connection with issuance of convertible notes 

Gain on troubled debt restructuring 

Beneficial conversion feature related to issuance of convertible notes 

Balance of non-related notes payable, net as of September 30, 2021 

Balance of related notes payable, net as of September 30, 2020 

Principal value of Related Party Notes 

Accretion of debt discount 

Derivative liabilities in connection with issuance of convertible notes 

Beneficial conversion feature related to issuance of convertible notes 

Balance of related notes payable, net as of September 30, 2021 

F- 12 

Convertible Promissory Note with Panetta Partners Ltd. (the Holder with a maturity date of . The Holder provided the Company with in cash. The Note requires the Company
to reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of common stock the amount of shares that would be issued upon
conversion of the Note, which includes the outstanding principal amount of the Note and interest accrued and to be accrued through the
date of maturity. 

Convertible Promissory Note again with Panetta Partners Ltd. (the Holder pursuant to which the Company
issued a Convertible Promissory Note to the Holder. The Holder provided the Company with in cash. All other terms were the same
as the eleventh note. 

Convertible Promissory Note again with Panetta Partners Ltd. (the Holder pursuant to which the Company
issued a Convertible Promissory Note to the Holder. The Holder provided the Company with in cash. The number of shares issuable upon a conversion
shall be determined by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount of the Note to be converted by (y) the Conversion
Price. The Note requires the Company to reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of common stock the amount
of shares that would be issued upon conversion of the Note, which includes the outstanding principal amount of the Note and interest accrued
and to be accrued through the date of maturity. 

Convertible Promissory Note again with Panetta Partners Ltd. (the Holder pursuant to which the Company issued
a Convertible Promissory Note to the Holder. The Holder provided the Company with in cash. All other terms were the same as the
thirteenth note. 

Convertible Promissory Note again with Panetta Partners Ltd. (the Holder pursuant to which the Company issued
a Convertible Promissory Note to the Holder. The Holder provided the Company with in cash. The Note provides the Holder with
the right to convert, at any time, all or any part of the outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest into shares of the Company s
common stock at a conversion price equal to the lower of (i) per share or (ii) the price of the next equity financing, which raises
at least US , subject to adjustments noted within the Agreement. The number of shares issuable upon a conversion shall be determined
by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount of the Note to be converted by (y) the Conversion Price. The
Note requires the Company to reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of common stock the amount of shares
that would be issued upon conversion of the Note, which includes the outstanding principal amount of the Note and interest accrued and
to be accrued through the date of maturity. 

F- 13 

. 

, while the Notes carrying interest at resulted in modification. 

and accrued interest of were converted into ordinary shares with a par value
of . 

will be accrued. The Company analyzed the conversion features
of the note agreement for derivative accounting consideration under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, and determined the interest rate
resets met the definition of a derivative. It also noted that the Contingent Interest Rate feature required bifurcation from the host
note contract and was to be accounted for at fair value. In accordance with ASC 815-15, the Company bifurcated the Contingent Interest
Rate feature of the note and recorded a derivative liability. 

due to the issuance of the convertible
notes. Additionally, the Company recognized a gain of for the year ended September 30, 2022, relating to the issuance and extension
of convertible notes and the release of the derivative liability due to the conversion of the notes. 

was
fully amortized. At September 30, 2022, the beneficial conversion feature amounted to for
the new notes issued in July 2022. 

shares
of the Company s common stock was authorized for issuance with respect to awards granted under the Equity Incentive Plan. 

F- 14 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited and Expired 

Outstanding balance at September 30, 2021 

Options exercisable at September 30, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited and Expired 

() 

() 

() 

Outstanding balance at September 30, 2022 

Options exercisable at September 30, 2022 

and respectively. 

. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company made a down payment of
 , with the remaining balance financed over the remaining term at an annual percentage rate of . Beginning in May 2022, the
Company is making 8 monthly payments of , with the last payment expected to be made in December 2022. At September 30, 2022, the
outstanding balance on the note payable was . The interest expense for the year ending September 30, 2022, was . 

Foreign 

Total 

F- 15 

Foreign: 

Current 

Deferred 

State and local: 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax (benefit)/expense 

Stock Compensation 

Net operating losses 

Intangible assets 
 
 -

R D Credit carryforward 

Fixed assets 

Total gross deferred tax asset 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Intangible assets 

Fixed assets 

Total Deferred tax liabilities 

Net Deferred Income Tax 

F- 16 

M for federal tax purposes. 

million against the deferred tax asset
that is not expected to be realized for the periods ending September 30, 2022 and approximately million for the period ended
September 30, 2021. 

Permanent items 

State taxes 

Increase in valuation allowance 

Stock Compensation 
 
 -

R D Credit 

Other 

Effective income tax rate 

gain on the settlement of the
related party payable. Rasna may be entitled to of any future royalties and/or milestone payments upon successful completion of a
clinical Proof of Concept study under certain agreed upon circumstances. 

and , respectively for past consultancy services. 

for past consultancy services. 

F- 17 

Convertible Promissory Note with Gabriele Cerrone for with an extended maturity date of . All notes were converted
in May 2022. 

. The note carries an interest rate of with a conversion price of and
was due for repayment by December 31, 2024. The note was converted into stock in January 2023 (see note 13). As at September 30, 2022,
 was due with respect to notes issued. As at September 30, 2021 was due with respect to notes issued to Panetta
Partners. 

, which was converted into stock in January 2023 (see note 13). 

gain on
the settlement of the related party payable to Roberto Pellicciari and a gain on the settlement of accounts payable to TES Pharma
and its affiliates. Rasna may be entitled to of any future royalties and/or milestone payments upon successful completion of a clinical
Proof of Concept study under certain agreed upon circumstances. 

and respectively, for past consultancy services. As of September
30, 2022 and September 30, 2021, TES Pharma was owed and respectively. 

and , respectively, was due to Tiziana under services charged under the shared services agreement. This is recorded
as a related party payable in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

As of September 30, 2022, the amounts due to Tiziana
under this loan facility were 86,400. The amount due to Tiziana under this agreement as of September 30, 2021 was 

. The loan is repayable within 18 months and is incurring an interest charge of per annum. As of
September 30, 2022, the amounts due to Tiziana under this loan facility were . 

Convertible Promissory Notes with Panetta Partners for a total of . The amount
due for these notes upon conversion in May 2022 w ith respect to the principal and accrued interest was . 

. The note carries an interest rate of with a conversion price of and
is due for repayment by December 31, 2024. As at September 30, 2022, was due with respect to notes issued. As at September
30, 2021 was due with respect to notes issued. 

F- 18 

per year.
During the year to September 30, 2022, the Company incurred approximately of consultancy expenses related to this
agreement. The agreement is renewed on a 12 month basis from the effective date. 

is due to Tiziana Life Sciences. The agreement is renewable
every 3 months and can be cancelled by either party giving notice within days of the current term expiration date. 

shares of our common stock, of which shares were outstanding
as of September 30, 2022. In addition, as of September 30, 2022, we had outstanding stock options allowing for the purchase of as many
as approximately million shares of common stock, we had outstanding warrants to purchase million shares of common
stock and convertible notes that, if converted, would result in the issuance of million shares of common stock. If all of our outstanding
stock options and warrants were exercised and notes were converted, the total number of shares of our common stock that we would be required
to issue would greatly exceed the number of our remaining authorized but unissued shares of common stock. 

consisting of shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock 

shares. 

. The note carries an interest rate of with a conversion price of and is due for
repayment by December 31, 2024. This note, along with the note issued in July 2022 for , was converted on January 23, 2023, resulting
in the issuance of shares of common stock to Panetta Partners. 

shares of common stock to Panetta Partners Limited as additional consideration for their continued financial support to the Company. 

F- 19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_rasnathera.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION BY PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER, PRINCIPAL
FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER 

I, Willy Simon, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rasna Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 9, 2023 

/s/ Willy Simon 

Name: 
 Willy Simon 

Title: 
 Chairman 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_rasnathera.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION BY PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER, PRINCIPAL
FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER 

I, Keeren Shah, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rasna Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 9, 2023 

/s/ Keeren Shah 

Name: 
 Keeren Shah 

Title: 
 Finance Director 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_rasnathera.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Interim Report of Rasna Therapeutics,
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Willy Simon, Executive Chairman of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 
1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Dated: February 9, 2023 

/s/ Willy Simon 

Name: 
 Willy Simon 

Title: 
 Chairman 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-2_rasnathera.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Interim Report of Rasna Therapeutics,
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Keeren Shah, Finance Director of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Dated: February 9, 2023 

/s/ Keeren Shah 

Name: 
 Keeren Shah 

Title: 
 Finance Director 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 rasp-20220930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 rasp-20220930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 rasp-20220930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 rasp-20220930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 rasp-20220930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

