<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1847398_0001558370-23-005059.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21762937</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>303100</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2307916</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8860975</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3093428</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6443637</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-005059.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330150318
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-005059
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		136
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc./MD/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001847398
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTIONS, NOT FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6036]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40589
		FILM NUMBER:		23780041

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		325 HAMILTON AVENUE
		CITY:			WHITE PLAINS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10601
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(914) 684-2500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		325 HAMILTON AVENUE
		CITY:			WHITE PLAINS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10601

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-005059.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 necb-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark one) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____ to _____ Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (l) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files): No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of, large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company, in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 was million. The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of March 27, 2023 was . DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 NORTHEAST COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index to Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Item Number Page No. PART I Item 1 Business 1 Item 1A Risk Factors 19 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 27 Item 2 Properties 27 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 27 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 27 PART II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 28 Item 6 [Reserved] 29 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 29 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 50 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 51 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 52 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 52 Item 9B Other Information 52 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 52 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 53 Item 11 Executive Compensation 53 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 53 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 53 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 53 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 54 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 55 Signatures 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: statements of our beliefs, goals, intentions and expectations; statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies; statements regarding the quality of our loan and investment portfolios; and estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits. 
 These forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and expectations of our management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. In addition, these forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions with respect to future business strategies and decisions that are subject to change. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements due to, among others, the following factors: general economic conditions, either nationally or in our market area, that are worse than expected; changes in the interest rate environment that reduce our interest margins, reduce the fair value of financial instruments or reduce the demand for our loan products; higher inflation and its impact on national and local economic conditions; increased competitive pressures among financial services companies; changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits; changes in the quality and composition of our loan or investment portfolios; changes in real estate market values in our market area; a decrease in new construction in our primary market area; decreased demand for loan products, deposit flows, competition, or decreased demand for financial services in our market area; major catastrophes such as earthquakes, floods or other natural or human disasters and infectious disease outbreaks, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the related disruption to local, regional and global economic activity and financial markets, and the impact that any of the foregoing may have on us and our customers and other constituencies; legislative or regulatory changes that adversely affect our business or changes in the monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. government, including policies of the U.S. Treasury and the Federal Reserve Board; technological changes that may be more difficult or expensive than expected; success or consummation of new business initiatives may be more difficult or expensive than expected; the inability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and financial institutions into our business operations; 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 adverse changes in the securities markets; our inability to enter new markets successfully and capitalize on growth opportunities; changes in estimates of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses; a failure or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, including cyberattacks; the inability of third party service providers to perform; and changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by bank regulatory agencies or the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
 Any of the forward-looking statements that we make in this report and in other public statements we make may later prove incorrect because of inaccurate assumptions, the factors illustrated above or other factors that we cannot foresee. Consequently, no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Except as required by applicable law or regulation, we do not undertake, and we specifically disclaim any obligation, to release publicly the result of any revisions that may be made to any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of the statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. Further information on other factors that could affect us are included in the section captioned Item 1A: Risk Factors. 
 ii 

Table of Contents 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS General Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. (the Company is a Maryland corporation that was incorporated in May 2021 to be the successor to NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc., a federally chartered corporation (the Mid-Tier Holding Company ), upon completion of the second-step conversion of NorthEast Community Bank (the Bank from the two-tier mutual holding company structure to the stock holding company structure. NorthEast Community Bancorp, MHC was the former mutual holding company for the Mid-Tier Holding Company prior to the completion of the second-step conversion. In conjunction with the second-step conversion, each of NorthEast Community Bancorp, MHC and the Mid-Tier Holding Company merged out of existence and now cease to exist. The second-step conversion was completed on July 12, 2021, at which time the Company sold, for gross proceeds of 97.8 million, a total of 9,784,077 shares of common stock at 10.00 per share. As part of the second-step conversion, each of the existing outstanding shares of Mid-Tier Holding Company common stock owned by persons other than NorthEast Community Bancorp, MHC was converted into 1.3400 shares of Company common stock. As a result of the second-step conversion, all share information has been subsequently revised to reflect the 1.3400 exchange ratio, unless otherwise noted. The Bank is a New York State-chartered savings bank and the Company s primary activity is the ownership and operation of the Bank. The Bank is headquartered in White Plains, New York. The Bank was founded in 1934 and is a community oriented financial institution dedicated to serving the financial services needs of individuals and businesses within its market area. The Bank currently conducts business through its eleven branch offices located in Bronx, New York, Orange, Rockland, and Sullivan Counties in New York and Essex, Middlesex and Norfolk Counties in Massachusetts and three loan production offices located in White Plains, New York, New City, New York and Danvers, Massachusetts. The Bank s principal business consists of originating primarily construction loans and, to a lesser extent, commercial and industrial loans and multifamily and mixed-use residential real estate loans and non-residential real estate loans. The Bank offers a variety of retail deposit products to the general public in the areas surrounding its main office and its branch offices, with interest rates that are competitive with those of similar products offered by other financial institutions operating in its market area. The Bank also utilizes borrowings as a source of funds. The Bank s revenues are derived primarily from interest on loans and, to a lesser extent, interest on investment securities and mortgage-backed securities. The Bank also generates revenues from other income including deposit fees, service charges and investment advisory fees. The Bank also offers investment advisory and financial planning services under the name Harbor West Wealth Management Group, a division of the Bank, through a networking arrangement with a registered broker-dealer and investment advisor. Our executive offices are located at 325 Hamilton Avenue, White Plains, New York 10601 and our telephone number is (914) 684-2500. Our website address is www.necb.com. Information on our website should not be considered a part of this report. Throughout this report, references to we, us or our refer to the Company or the Bank, or both, as the context indicates. Market Area We are headquartered in White Plains, New York, which is located in Westchester County, and we operate through our main and annex offices in White Plains, two full-service branch offices in the New York City borough of Manhattan (New York County), one full-service branch office in the New York City borough of the Bronx (Bronx County), two full-service branch offices in Rockland County, New York, two full-service branch offices in Orange County, New York, one full-service branch office in Sullivan County, New York, and three full-service branches in Danvers (Essex County), Framingham (Middlesex County) and Quincy (Norfolk County), Massachusetts, and loan 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 production offices in White Plains, New York, New City, New York and Danvers, Massachusetts. We generate deposits through our main office and eleven branch offices. We conduct lending activities primarily in the State of New York, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and, to a lesser extent, in New Jersey. We also have a limited number of loans in Connecticut and Pennsylvania, states in which we no longer originate loans. Our construction loans originated in Orange, Rockland and Sullivan Counties in New York and Brooklyn (Kings County) are almost exclusively located within homogeneous communities that demonstrate significant population growth concentrated in well-defined existing, and newer expanding, communities. Construction loans originated in Bronx County are located in high demand, high absorption areas. These communities are substantially different from New York State and nationwide economic fluctuations and are considered to be high absorption areas, i.e. , where the demand for rental or purchase properties is far greater than available supply. With respect to the markets in which we primarily originate non-construction loans, our market area includes a population base with a broad cross section of wealth, employment and ethnicity. We operate in markets that generally have experienced relatively slow demographic growth, a characteristic typical of mature urban markets located throughout the Northeast region. New York County is a relatively affluent market, reflecting the influence of Wall Street along with the presence of a broad spectrum of Fortune 500 companies. Comparatively, Bronx County is home to a broad socioeconomic spectrum, with a significant portion of the respective populations employed in relatively low and moderate wage blue collar jobs. Westchester and neighboring counties are affluent markets, serving as desired suburban locations for commuting into New York City and White Plains as well as reflecting growth of higher paying jobs in the counties. The counties of Massachusetts in which the Danvers, Framingham, and Quincy offices currently operate include a mixture of rural, suburban and urban markets. The economies of these areas were historically based on manufacturing, but, similar to many areas of the country, the underpinnings of these economies are now more service oriented, with employment spread across many economic sectors including service, finance, health-care, technology, real estate and government. While our New York and Massachusetts markets have different economic characteristics, our customer base in these states tends to be similar and is comprised mostly of owners of low- to moderate-income apartment buildings or non-residential real estate in low- to moderate-income areas. We periodically evaluate our network of banking offices to optimize the penetration in our market area. Our business strategy currently includes opening new branches in and around our market area. Competition We face significant competition for the attraction of deposits and origination of loans. Our most direct competition for deposits and loans has historically come from the numerous national, regional and local community financial institutions operating in our market area, including a number of independent banks and credit unions, in addition to other financial service companies, such as brokerage firms and other similar entities. In addition, we face competition for investors funds from money market funds and other corporate and government securities. Competition for loans also comes from the increasing number of non-depository financial service companies entering the commercial real estate or construction lending market, such as financial technology companies, securities companies and specialty finance companies. We believe that our long-standing presence in our market areas in New York and Massachusetts, and our personal service philosophy enhance our ability to compete favorably in attracting and retaining individual and business customers. We actively solicit deposit-related customers and compete for deposits by offering customers personal attention, professional service and competitive interest rates. Lending Activities We originate loans primarily for investment purposes. The largest segment of our loan portfolio is construction loans followed by multi-family real estate loans. We also originate mixed-use and non-residential real estate loans and commercial and industrial loans. We consider our lending territory to be the New York State/New York City 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan area and the Massachusetts/Boston Metropolitan area. We also originate a limited number of loans in New Jersey. Although we no longer originate loans in Connecticut and Pennsylvania, we also have a limited number of loans in these two states. At December 31, 2022, 1.1 billion, or 89.4 , of our portfolio was secured by loans in the New York State/New York Metropolitan Area, 105.3 million, or 8.7 , of our portfolio was secured by loans in the Massachusetts/Boston Metropolitan Area and 22.7 million, or 1.9 , of our portfolio was secured by loans in Connecticut, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania. Construction Loans. In 2012, we entered the Massachusetts construction market by originating construction loans secured by the construction of multifamily and single family properties as an accommodation to maintain and/or develop relationships with our deposit and loan customers. In the same manner, during the latter part of 2013 we expanded the New York construction market by originating construction loans secured by the construction of multifamily and residential condominium properties located in New York State, primarily in Bronx, Orange, Rockland and Sullivan Counties in New York. We primarily make construction loans to borrowers and developers who we know or who are referred to us by existing customers for construction in high absorption, homogeneous communities. The demand for housing (whether for rent or for purchase) is far greater in these high absorption communities than the available supply. This lack of balance between supply and demand leads to available units being under contracts of sale or leases signed very soon after certificates of occupancy are received by the building owners. Generally, in homogeneous communities, units that are under construction have purchase contracts before they are complete. We will make construction loans on condominium buildings, containing between two to more than 250 units or for single family homes and single family housing developments of as many as 400 homes, in each case in high absorption and/or homogeneous areas. For such loans, we do not offer permanent financing. We originate land acquisition and development loans whereby the land is ready to build with all permits in place or construction is as of right. We also originate occasional land loans to existing well established borrowers with the understanding the borrower will obtain all required permits prior to the borrower requesting a construction loan to develop the property. Construction loans are typically for 18 to 36 month terms, pay interest only during that period, and are indexed to the prime rate plus a margin. All construction loans are underwritten on an as is basis and an as completed basis and must meet our normal loan to value ratio requirements. In addition, if construction loans are for condominiums, as a backstop, the project will be underwritten as if they will be rental properties. We generally require the borrower to contribute between 40 to 50 of the total raw land acquisition cost. If an existing structure is to be demolished, the loan to value ratio will be limited to 60 of the improved land value alone. To ensure sufficient construction funds are available for a project, we may elect to finance up to 100 of the construction costs, which includes a 10 contingency, in an amount not to exceed 70 of the as complete appraised value. We also require the borrower to submit various construction documentations, including but not necessarily limited to cost estimates, property surveys, approved building plans and specifications, and approved building permits. We require our borrowers to fund an interest reserve in advance. As a project progresses and the borrower requests funds to continue the project, we require an independent consultant to inspect the project to verify that the work has been completed prior to disbursing the funds sought. We also obtain a title continuation update to confirm that no liens have been placed on the project. Inspections for the purpose of funding/advancing proceeds are conducted by one of our employees as well as by a third-party construction inspector approved by us. Construction loans in Orange, Rockland and Sullivan Counties consist primarily of loans to construct contemporary town-house style condominium buildings and complexes containing from four to 250 units. Construction loans in Bronx County consist primarily of loans to construct affordable rental apartment buildings containing between ten and 50 or more apartments. Most buildings are granted real estate tax abatements under New York City s 421-A or equivalent program due to the affordable nature of the apartments in the buildings. Our average construction loans range from 5.0 million to 10.0 million on buildings and complexes ranging from 20 to 40 units. We also lend on projects, completed in stages, of up to 45 million. For projects above 33 million, we generally partner with a participating bank from outside our market area. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 We typically grant separate land and construction loans and occasionally site development loans secured by the project. At December 31, 2022, if we were to count land, construction and development loans as separate loans, our construction loan portfolio consisted of 612 loans totaling 1.6 billion in committed amount, comprised of outstanding disbursed balances of 930.6 million and undisbursed loans in process of 637.4 million. At December 31, 2022, if we were to combine land, construction and development loans as one loan on a project, our construction loan portfolio consisted of 350 loans totaling 1.6 billion in committed amount, comprised of outstanding disbursed balance of 930.6 million and undisbursed loans in process of 637.4 million. At December 31, 2022, the construction loan portfolio was comprised primarily of 342 New York construction loans with 1.6 billion in committed amount, comprising of outstanding disbursed balances of 903.8 million and undisbursed loans in process of 625.9 million. All construction loans were performing according to their terms at December 31, 2022. If we were to combine land, construction and development loans as one loan on a project, the average size in our construction loan portfolio was 4.6 million in committed amount, comprised of outstanding disbursed balances of 2.7 million and undisbursed loans in process of 1.8 million at December 31, 2022. Our largest outstanding construction loan had a balance of 20.3 million and was performing in accordance with its terms at December 31, 2022. This loan is secured by the development of a 111 apartment unit and ground floor commercial space mixed-use building located in the Bronx, New York. Our largest committed construction loan had a total commitment of 43.6 million of which 50.0 of the commitment has been sold to another financial institution thereby reducing our committed portion to 21.8 million. Our portion of this construction loan had an outstanding balance of 9.5 million and was performing in accordance with its terms at December 31, 2022. This loan is secured by the development of a 160,000 square foot class A office building located in Monsey, New York. At December 31, 2022, our largest outstanding construction loan relationship with one borrower was comprised of thirteen construction loans with 40.3 million in committed amount of which 10.0 million of the commitment has been sold to another financial institution thereby reducing our committed portion to 30.3 million. Our portion of these construction loans had an outstanding balance of 17.3 million and undisbursed loans in process of 13.0 million. This relationship also had three commercial and industrial lines of credit totaling 3.7 million with an outstanding balance of 3.7 million at December 31, 2022. All of these loans were performing in accordance with their terms at December 31, 2022. Commercial and Industrial Loans. We provide credit to commercial and industrial businesses that are located within our market area. We also provide commercial and industrial loans to real estate developers in the New York Metropolitan Area. Pursuant to our lending policy, we generally limit the aggregate of all loans and lines of credit (including unused commitments) to any one borrower to no more than 10 of our Tier 1 Capital. It is our policy to require a guaranty of all owners of the borrower who own 20 or more of the business and we impose collateral requirements on our commercial and industrial loans. Interest rates and payments on our commercial and industrial loans are typically indexed to the prime rate as published in the Wall Street Journal and adjusted as the prime rate changes. At December 31, 2022, the average balance of loans in our commercial and industrial loan portfolio was 592,000. At December 31, 2022, the largest outstanding commercial and industrial loan had a balance of 5.5 million with no remaining available line of credit. The loan is being used to support the development of up to sixteen units at any one time of a sixty-unit development located in New Hempstead, New York. In addition, we granted to the borrower on the same development a land mortgage loan with an outstanding balance of 4.5 million at December 31, 2022. The commercial and industrial loan is secured by a UCC-1 on all business assets and an assignment of contracts. The largest outstanding commercial and industrial line of credit relationship with one borrower was comprised of three lines of credit totaling 30.0 million, with no outstanding balances and remaining available lines of credit totaling 30.0 million. However, pursuant to the terms of the governing loan documents, the borrower cannot at any one time have more than 10.0 million outstanding in the aggregate with respect to all three lines of credit. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 All the aforementioned commercial and industrial loans were performing according to their terms at December 31, 2022. Multifamily and Mixed-Use Real Estate Loans. We offer adjustable-rate mortgage loans secured by multifamily and mixed-use real estate. These loans are comprised primarily of loans on moderate income apartment buildings located in our lending territory and include, loans on cooperative apartment buildings (in the New York area), and loans for Section 8 multifamily housing. In New York, most of the apartment buildings that we lend on are rent-stabilized. Mixed-use real estate loans are secured by properties that are intended for both residential and business use. We originate multifamily and mixed-use real estate loans in Massachusetts and, on a limited basis, in New Jersey. We also have a limited number of multifamily and mixed-use real estate loans in Connecticut and Pennsylvania. We offer construction/renovation loans on multifamily and mixed-use rental properties in high absorption areas, dependent on vacancy rates in relation to borough or town averages. In recent years, except for Massachusetts, we have de-emphasized multifamily and mixed-use real estate lending as we have focused more on construction lending. We have been originating multifamily and mixed-use real estate loans in the New York State/New York Metropolitan Area for 89 years. In the New York State/New York Metropolitan Area, our ability to continue to grow our portfolio is dependent on the continuation of our relationships with mortgage brokers, as the multifamily and mixed-use real estate loan market is primarily broker driven. We have longstanding relationships with mortgage brokers in the New York market area, who are familiar with our lending practices and our underwriting standards. We also deal directly with building owners throughout our lending area. At December 31, 2022, multifamily and mixed-use real estate loans to borrowers in the New York State/New York Metropolitan Area totaled 63.3 million. In the Massachusetts/Boston Metropolitan Area, where we have also originated such loans, the primary source of mortgage loan originations are from personal contacts by our loan officers and referrals from existing customers. We generally retain for our portfolio all of the loans that we originate in Massachusetts. At December 31, 2022, multifamily and mixed-use real estate loans to borrowers in the Massachusetts/Boston Metropolitan Area totaled 74.4 million. We originate a variety of adjustable-rate and balloon multifamily and mixed-use real estate loans. The adjustable-rate loans have fixed rates for a period of one, two, three and five years and then adjust every one, two, three or five years thereafter, based on the terms of the loan. Maturities on these loans can be up to 15 years, and typically they amortize over a 20 to 30-year period. Interest rates on our adjustable-rate loans are adjusted to a rate that equals the applicable one-, two-, three- or five-year Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB of New York or FHLB of Boston advance rate plus a margin. The balloon loans have a maximum maturity of five years. The lifetime interest rate cap is five percentage points over the initial interest rate of the loan (four percentage points for loans with one-, two- and three-year terms). The typical multifamily or mixed-use real estate loan refinances within the first five-year period and, in doing so, generates prepayment penalties ranging from one to five points of the outstanding loan balance. Under our loan-refinancing program, borrowers who are current under the terms and conditions of their contractual obligations can apply to refinance their existing loans to the rates and terms then offered on new loans after the payment of their contractual prepayment penalties. In making multifamily and mixed-use real estate loans, we primarily consider the net operating income generated by the real estate to support the debt service, the financial resources, income level and managerial expertise of the borrower, the marketability of the property and our lending experience with the borrower. We typically require a personal guarantee of the borrower. We rate the property underlying the loan as Class A, B or C. Our current policy is to require a minimum debt service coverage ratio (the ratio of earnings after subtracting all operating expenses to debt service payments) of between 1.25x and 1.40x depending on the rating of the underlying property. The average multifamily loan debt-service coverage is 2.87x and the average loan-to-value ratio of our multifamily real estate loans is 30.1 . The average mixed-use real estate loan debt-service coverage is 2.96x and the average loan-to-value ratio of our mixed-use real estate loans is 24.8 . On multifamily and mixed-use real estate loans, our current policy is to finance up to 75 of the lesser of the appraised value or purchase price of the property securing the loan on purchases and refinances of Class A and B properties and up to 65 of the lesser of the appraised value or purchase price for properties that are rated Class C. Properties securing multifamily and mixed-use real estate loans are appraised by independent appraisers, inspected by us and generally require Phase 1 environmental surveys. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 The majority of the multifamily real estate loans in our portfolio are secured by ten unit to 100 unit apartment buildings. At December 31, 2022, the majority of our mixed-use real estate loans are secured by properties that are at least 85 residential. Loans secured by multifamily and mixed-use real estate generally have larger balances and involve a greater degree of risk than one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. Of primary concern in multifamily residential and mixed-use real estate lending is the borrower s credit-worthiness and the feasibility and cash flow potential of the project. Payments on loans secured by income producing properties often depend on successful operation and management of the properties. As a result, repayment of such loans may be subject, to a greater extent than residential real estate loans, to adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy. In reaching a decision on whether to make a multifamily residential or mixed-use real estate loan, we consider the net operating income of the property, the borrower s expertise, credit history and profitability, and the value of the underlying property. On December 31, 2022, the largest outstanding multifamily real estate loan had a balance of 13.3 million and was performing according to its terms at December 31, 2022. This loan is secured by a 62 unit two building apartment complex located in Boston, Massachusetts. The largest mixed-use real estate loan had a balance of 2.5 million and was performing according to its terms at December 31, 2022. This loan is secured by four mixed-use buildings with 11 apartment units and five commercial units located in Brooklyn, New York. As of December 31, 2022, the average loan size in our multifamily and mixed-use portfolio was approximately 1.1 million. Non-Residential Real Estate Loans . Our non-residential real estate loans are generally secured by office buildings, medical facilities and retail shopping centers that are primarily located within our lending area. At December 31, 2022, our non-residential real estate loan portfolio was comprised mainly of 18.4 million of loans secured by properties in the New York State/New York Metropolitan Area, 4.4 million of loans secured by properties in the Massachusetts/Boston Metropolitan Area, and 2.6 million of loans secured by properties in Connecticut, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania. We have de-emphasized the origination of non-residential real estate loans in recent years as we began increasing our origination of construction loans and multifamily loans. Our non-residential real estate loans are structured in a manner similar to our multifamily and mixed-use real estate loans, typically at a fixed rate of interest for three to five years and then a rate that adjusts every three to five years over the term of the loan, which is typically 15 years. Interest rates and payments on these loans generally are based on the one-, two-, three- or five-year FHLB of New York or FHLB of Boston advance rate plus a margin. The lifetime interest rate cap is five percentage points over the initial interest rate of the loan (four percentage points for loans with one-, two- and three-year terms). Loans are secured by first mortgages that generally do not exceed 75 of the property s appraised value. Properties securing non-residential real estate loans are appraised by independent appraisers and inspected by us. We also charge prepayment penalties, with five points of the outstanding loan balance generally being charged on loans that refinance in the first year of the mortgage, scaling down to one point on loans that refinance in year five. These loans are typically repaid or the term extended before maturity, in which case a new rate is negotiated to meet market conditions and an extension of the loan is executed for a new term with a new amortization schedule. Our non-residential real estate loans tend to refinance within the first five-year period. Our assessment of credit risk and our underwriting standards and procedures for non-residential real estate loans are similar to those applicable to our multifamily and mixed-use real estate loans. In reaching a decision on whether to make a non-residential real estate loan, we consider the net operating income of the property, the borrower s expertise, credit history and profitability and the value of the underlying property. In addition, with respect to rental properties, we will also consider the term of the lease and the credit quality of the tenants. We have generally required that the properties securing non-residential real estate loans have debt service coverage ratios (the ratio of earnings after subtracting all operating expenses to debt service payments) of between 1.25x and 1.40x. The average non-residential 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 loan debt-service coverage ratio is 2.11x and the average loan-to-value ratio of our non-residential loans is 40.3 . Phase 1 environmental surveys are required for most loans and property inspections are required for all loans. At December 31, 2022, we had 25.3 million in non-residential real estate loans outstanding, or 2.1 of total loans. At December 31, 2022, the largest outstanding non-residential real estate loan had an outstanding balance of 2.3 million and was performing in accordance with its terms. This loan is secured by three properties located in Brooklyn, New York consisting of a 17,850 square foot single story warehouse building, a 7,650 square foot single story bus maintenance garage, and a 0.39 acre paved parking lot. As of December 31, 2022, the average balance of loans in our non-residential loan portfolio was 633,000. Consumer Loans. We offer personal loans, loans secured by savings accounts or certificates of deposit (share loans), and overdraft protection for checking accounts which is linked to statement savings accounts and has the ability to transfer funds from the statement savings account to the checking account when needed to cover overdrafts. We also consider any checking accounts with overdrawn balances as a consumer loan even though the customer typically deposits sufficient funds the next business day to cover the overdrawn balance. At December 31, 2022, our portfolio of consumer loans was 546,000, or 0.04 of total loans, comprised primarily of checking accounts with overdrawn balances of 517,000. Consumer loans may entail greater risk than do residential mortgage loans, particularly in the case of consumer loans that are unsecured or secured by assets that depreciate rapidly. In such cases, repossessed collateral for a defaulted consumer loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment for the outstanding loan and the remaining deficiency often does not warrant further substantial collection efforts against the borrower. In addition, consumer loan collections depend on the borrower s continuing financial stability, and therefore are more likely to be adversely affected by job loss, divorce, illness, or personal bankruptcy. Furthermore, the application of various federal and state laws, including federal and state bankruptcy and insolvency laws may limit the amount which can be recovered on such loans. Originations, Purchase, Participations and Sales of Loans . Loan originations come from a number of sources. The primary source of loan originations are our in-house loan officers and referrals from customers and, to a much lesser extent, mortgage loan brokers and local realtors. Historically, we have primarily originated our own loans and retained them in our portfolio. While in the past we purchased a limited number of participations from one financial institution that also serves high absorption areas in Brooklyn, New York, we currently do not have any purchased participation loan in our portfolio. We also purchased whole residential and non-residential mortgage loans from a Massachusetts financial institution during 2021. At December 31, 2022, these whole purchased loans totaled 2.8 million and were performing according to their terms. We occasionally sell participations interests in construction loans we have originated in high absorption areas to other community banks in order to maintain compliance with our loans-to-one borrower limits. We have also historically sold participation interests in our construction loans to the Company and we may continue to do so in the future. At December 31, 2022, the Company held 13.7 million in participation interests in construction loans originated by the Bank. Through our loan participations, we and the other participating lenders generally share ratably in cash flows and points and fees and gains or losses that may result from a borrower s noncompliance with the contractual terms of the loan. Loan Approval Procedures and Authority . Our lending activities follow written, non-discriminatory underwriting standards and loan origination procedures established by our board of directors and management. All construction, multifamily, mixed use and nonresidential real estate loans and commercial and industrial loans must be approved by a unanimous vote of the members of the Loan Committee, which is composed of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. At each monthly meeting of the board of directors, the board reviews all commitments issued, regardless of size. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Loans to One Borrower . Pursuant to New York law and federal banking regulations, the aggregate amount of loans that the Bank is permitted to make to any one borrower or a group of related borrowers is generally limited to 15 of its capital, surplus fund and undivided profits (25 if the amount in excess of 15 is secured by readily marketable collateral ). At December 31, 2022, based on the 15 limitation, the Bank s loans-to-one-borrower limit was approximately 33.4 million. On the same date, the Bank had no borrowers with outstanding balances in excess of this amount. Loan Commitments . We issue commitments for adjustable-rate mortgage loans conditioned upon the occurrence of certain events. Commitments to originate mortgage loans are legally binding agreements to lend to our customers and generally expire in 60 days. Delinquencies . When a borrower fails to make a required loan payment, we take a number of steps to have the borrower cure the delinquency and restore the loan to current status. We make initial contact with the borrower toward the end of the month when the payment is due and then again when loan becomes ten to 15 days past due. If payment is not received by the 30th day of delinquency, additional letters are sent and phone calls are made to the customer. When the loan becomes 60 days past due and if the borrower is unresponsive, we generally commence foreclosure proceedings against any real property that secures the loan or attempt to repossess any personal property that secures a commercial and industrial or consumer loan. If a foreclosure action is instituted and the loan is not brought current, paid in full, or refinanced before the foreclosure sale, the property securing the loan generally is sold at foreclosure. We may consider loan workout arrangements with certain borrowers under certain circumstances. Management informs the board of directors on a monthly basis of the amount of loans delinquent more than 30 days, all loans in foreclosure and all foreclosed and repossessed property that we own. Due to the impact of COVID-19 on our borrowers, we granted eligible loan deferrals on 196 existing loans with outstanding balances of 190.9 million (at the time payment deferral was requested) under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security (the CARES Act ). Generally, these deferrals included the deferral of principal and interest payments for a period of three months, although interest income continued to accrue. As of December 31, 2022, we had no loan on deferral under the CARES Act. Investment Activities We have legal authority to invest in various types of liquid assets, including U.S. Treasury obligations, securities of various federal agencies and of state and municipal governments, municipal securities, deposits at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York and certificates of deposit of federally insured institutions. At December 31, 2022, our investment portfolio consisted primarily of mutual funds, residential mortgage-backed securities issued by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae with stated final maturities of 10 years or more, and municipal securities with maturities of three years or more. Our investment portfolio is primarily viewed as a source of liquidity. Our investment management policy is designed to provide adequate liquidity to meet any reasonable deposit outflows and any anticipated increase in the loan portfolio through conversion of secondary reserves to cash and to provide safety of principal and interest through investment in securities under limitations and restrictions prescribed in banking regulations. Consistent with liquidity and safety requirements, our policy is designed to generate a significant amount of stable income and to provide collateral for advances and repurchase agreements. The policy is also designed to serve as a counter-cyclical balance to earnings in that the investment portfolio will absorb funds when loan demand is low and will infuse funds when loan demand is high. Deposit Activities and Other Sources of Funds General. Deposits, borrowings and loan repayments are the major sources of our funds for lending and other investment activities. Loan repayments are a relatively stable source of funds, while deposit inflows and outflows and loan prepayments are significantly influenced by general interest rates and market conditions. Deposit Accounts. The vast majority of our depositors are residents of the States of New York and Massachusetts. Deposits are obtained primarily from customers residing in or working in the communities in which our 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 branches are located, and we rely on our long-standing relationships with our customers to retain these deposits. We also obtain deposits from our commercial and industrial and construction loan customers. These deposits tend to be a stable source of funds. We offer of a broad selection of deposit instruments, including checking accounts, money market accounts, regular savings accounts, non-interest bearing demand accounts (such as checking accounts and certificates of deposits. Deposit account terms vary according to the minimum balance required, the time periods the funds must remain on deposit, and the interest rate among other factors. In determining the terms of our deposit accounts, we consider the rates offered by our competition, profitability to us, matching deposit and loan products and customer preferences and concerns. We generally review our deposit mix and pricing weekly. Our current strategy is to offer competitive rates, but not be the market leader in every type and maturity. In addition, we utilize brokered, listing service and military deposits, which represent a viable and cost effective addition to our deposit gathering and maintenance strategy, often at a lower all-in cost when compared to our retail branch network. This strategy allows us to very effectively match the maturity of these deposits to the term of our construction loans, which make up a majority of the loans in our loan portfolio. Borrowings. We may utilize advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York to supplement our supply of lendable funds and to meet deposit withdrawal requirements. The Federal Home Loan Bank functions as a central reserve bank providing credit for member financial institutions. As a member, we are required to own capital stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York and are authorized to apply for advances on the security of such stock and certain of our mortgage loans and other assets (principally securities that are obligations of, or guaranteed by, the United States), provided certain standards related to credit-worthiness have been met. Advances are made under several different programs, each having its own interest rate and range of maturities. Depending on the program, limitations on the amount of advances are based either on a fixed percentage of an institution s net worth or on the Federal Home Loan Bank s assessment of the institution s credit-worthiness. Under its current credit policies, the Federal Home Loan Bank generally limits advances to 25 of a member s assets, and short-term borrowings of less than one year may not exceed 10 of the institution s assets. The Federal Home Loan Bank determines specific lines of credit for each member institution. We had approximately 21.0 million of Federal Home Loan Bank advances outstanding at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, we had the ability to borrow an additional 31.5 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we had 8.0 million of available credit from Atlantic Community Bankers Bank. Investment Advisory and Financial Planning Activities Harbor West Wealth Management Group, a division of the Bank, performs a wide range of financial planning and investment advisory services based on the needs of a diversified client base including, but not limited to: wealth management based on a clients time dimension, risk aversion/tolerance, value system and specific needs; transition planning from one career to another, especially the transition to retirement; conducting risk assessment and management on issues related to various kinds of insurance-covered contingencies; and providing assistance relating to the ultimate disposition of assets. Investment advisory and financial planning services are offered through a networking arrangement with a registered broker-dealer and investment advisor. Regulation and Supervision General The Bank is a New York-chartered savings bank. The Bank s deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC ). The Bank is subject to extensive regulation by the New York State Department of Financial Services, as its chartering agency, and by the FDIC, as its primary federal regulator. The Bank is required to file reports with, and is periodically examined by, the FDIC and the New York State Department of Financial Services concerning its activities and financial condition, and must obtain regulatory approvals prior to entering into certain transactions, including, but not limited to, mergers with or acquisitions of other financial institutions. The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. The regulation and supervision of the Bank establish a comprehensive framework of activities in which an institution can engage and is intended primarily for the protection of depositors and borrowers and, for purposes of the 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 FDIC, the protection of the insurance fund. The regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with respect to the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. The Bank has elected to be deemed a savings association under the Home Owners Loan Act, as amended. As a result, the Company is a savings and loan holding company and is required to comply with the rules and regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board applicable to savings and loan holding companies. The Company is required to file certain reports with the Federal Reserve Board and is subject to examination by and the enforcement authority of the Federal Reserve Board. The Company is also subject to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the federal securities laws. Any change in applicable laws or regulations, whether by the New York State Department of Financial Services, the FDIC, the Federal Reserve Board, the State of New York or Congress, could have a material adverse impact on the operations and financial performance of the Company and the Bank. In addition, the Company and the Bank will be affected by the monetary and fiscal policies of various agencies of the United States Government, including the Federal Reserve Board. In view of changing conditions in the national economy and in the money markets, it is impossible for management to accurately predict future changes in monetary policy or the effect of such changes on the business or financial condition of the Company and the Bank. Set forth below is a brief description of material regulatory requirements that are applicable to the Bank and the Company. The description is limited to certain material aspects of the statutes and regulations addressed, and is not intended to be a complete description of such statutes and regulations and their effects on the Bank and the Company. Bank Regulation New York Banking Law . The Bank derives its lending, investment, and other authority primarily from the applicable provisions of New York State banking law and the regulations of the New York State Department of Financial Services, as limited by FDIC regulations. Under these laws and regulations, banks, including the Bank, may invest in real estate mortgages, consumer and commercial loans, certain types of debt securities (including certain corporate debt securities, and obligations of federal, state, and local governments and agencies), certain types of corporate equity securities, and certain other assets. Under New York State banking law, New York State-chartered stock form savings banks and commercial banks may declare and pay dividends out of their net profits, unless there is an impairment of capital. Approval of the Superintendent is required if the total of all dividends declared by the bank in a calendar year would exceed the total of its net profits for that year combined with its retained net profits for the preceding two years, less prior dividends paid. New York State banking law gives the Superintendent authority to issue an order to a New York State-chartered banking institution to appear and explain an apparent violation of law, to discontinue unauthorized or unsafe practices, and to keep prescribed books and accounts. Upon a finding by the New York State Department of Financial Services that any director, trustee, or officer of any banking organization has violated any law, or has continued unauthorized or unsafe practices in conducting the business of the banking organization after having been notified by the Superintendent to discontinue such practices, such director, trustee, or officer may be removed from office after notice and an opportunity to be heard. The Superintendent also has authority to appoint a conservator or a receiver for a savings or commercial bank under certain circumstances. Capital Requirements. Federal regulations require FDIC-insured depository institutions to meet several minimum capital standards: a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 6.0 , a total capital to risk-based assets ratio of 8 , and a Tier 1 capital to average assets leverage ratio of 4 . For purposes of the regulatory capital requirements, common equity Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common stockholders equity and retained earnings. Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common equity Tier 1 and additional Tier 1 capital. Additional Tier 1 capital includes certain noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus and minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries. Total capital includes Tier 1 capital 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 (common equity Tier 1 capital plus additional Tier 1 capital) and Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital is comprised of capital instruments and related surplus, meeting specified requirements, and may include cumulative preferred stock and long-term perpetual preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities, intermediate preferred stock and subordinated debt. Also included in Tier 2 capital is the allowance for loan and lease losses limited to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets and, for institutions that made such an election regarding the treatment of accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI ), up to 45 of net unrealized gains on available-for-sale equity securities with readily determinable fair market values. Institutions that have not exercised the AOCI opt-out have AOCI incorporated into common equity Tier 1 capital (including unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale-securities). The Bank exercised the opt-out and therefore does not include AOCI in its regulatory capital determinations. Calculation of all types of regulatory capital is subject to deductions and adjustments specified in the regulations. In determining the amount of risk-weighted assets for purposes of calculating risk-based capital ratios, all assets, including certain off-balance sheet assets (such as recourse obligations, direct credit substitutes, residual interests) are multiplied by a risk weight factor assigned by the regulations based on the risks believed inherent in the type of asset. Higher levels of capital are required for asset categories believed to present greater risk. For example, a risk weight of 0 is assigned to cash and U.S. government securities, a risk weight of 50 is generally assigned to prudently underwritten first lien one- to four-family residential mortgages, a risk weight of 100 is assigned to commercial and consumer loans, a risk weight of 150 is assigned to certain past due loans and a risk weight of between 0 to 600 is assigned to permissible equity interests, depending on certain specified factors. In addition to establishing the minimum regulatory capital requirements, the regulations limit capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to management if the institution does not hold a capital conservation buffer consisting of 2.5 of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted asset above the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. The capital conservation buffer requirement began being phased in starting on January 1, 2016 at 0.625 of risk-weighted assets and increased each year until fully implemented at 2.5 on January 1, 2019. At December 31, 2022, the Bank exceeded the fully phased in regulatory requirement for the capital conservation buffer. The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act enacted in May 2018 required the federal banking agencies, including the FDIC, to establish for banks with assets of less than 10 billion of assets a community bank leverage ratio (the ratio of a bank s tangible equity capital to average total consolidated assets) of 8 to 10 . A qualifying community bank with capital meeting the specified requirements (including off balance sheet exposures of 25 or less of total assets and trading assets and liabilities of 5 or less of total assets) and electing to follow the alternative framework is considered to meet all applicable regulatory capital requirements including the risk-based requirements. The community bank leverage ratio was established at 9 , effective January 1, 2021. A qualifying bank may opt in and out of the community bank leverage ratio framework on its quarterly call report. A bank that ceases to meet any qualifying criteria is provided with a two-quarter grace period to comply with the community bank leverage ratio requirements or the general capital regulations by the federal regulators. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had not elected the community bank leverage ratio alternative reporting framework. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act required each federal banking agency to revise its risk-based capital standards for insured institutions to ensure that those standards take adequate account of interest-rate risk, concentration of credit risk, and the risk of nontraditional activities, as well as to reflect the actual performance and expected risk of loss on multifamily residential loans. The FDIC, along with the other federal banking agencies, adopted a regulation providing that the agencies will take into account the exposure of a bank s capital and economic value to changes in interest rate risk in assessing a bank s capital adequacy. The FDIC also has authority to establish individual minimum capital requirements in appropriate cases upon determination that an institution s capital level is, or is likely to become, inadequate in light of the particular circumstances. Standards for Safety and Soundness. As required by statute, the federal banking agencies adopted final regulations and Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safety and Soundness to implement safety and soundness standards. The guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards that the federal banking agencies use to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. The guidelines address internal controls and information systems, the internal audit system, credit underwriting, loan documentation, interest rate exposure, asset growth, asset quality, earnings and compensation, fees and benefits. The agencies have also 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 established standards for safeguarding customer information. If the appropriate federal banking agency determines that an institution fails to meet any standard prescribed by the guidelines, the agency may require the institution to submit to the agency an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard. Investments and Activities. Under federal law, all state-chartered banks insured by the FDIC have generally been limited to activities as principal and equity investments of the type and in the amount authorized for national banks, notwithstanding state law. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act and the FDIC permit exceptions to these limitations. For example, state-chartered banks may, with FDIC approval, continue to exercise grandfathered state authority to invest in common or preferred stocks listed on a national securities exchange and in the shares of an investment company registered under federal law. The maximum permissible investment is 100 of Tier 1 capital, as specified by the FDIC s regulations, or the maximum amount permitted by New York State banking law, whichever is less. Such grandfathering authority may be terminated upon the FDIC s determination that such investments pose a safety and soundness risk to the Bank or if the Bank converts its charter or undergoes a change in control In addition, the FDIC is authorized to permit such institutions to engage in other state authorized activities or investments (other than non-subsidiary equity investments) that meet all applicable capital requirements if it is determined that such activities or investments do not pose a significant risk to the Deposit Insurance Fund. Interstate Banking and Branching. Federal law permits well capitalized and well managed bank and savings and loan holding companies to acquire banks in any state, subject to Federal Reserve Board approval, certain concentration limits and other specified conditions. Interstate mergers of banks are also authorized, subject to regulatory approval and other specified conditions. In addition, amendments made by the Dodd-Frank Act to permit banks to establish de novo branches on an interstate basis to the extent that branching is authorized by the law of the host state for the banks chartered by that state. Prompt Corrective Regulatory Action. Federal law requires, among other things, that federal bank regulatory authorities take prompt corrective action with respect to banks that do not meet minimum capital requirements. For these purposes, the law establishes five capital categories: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. The FDIC has adopted regulations to implement the prompt corrective action legislation. An institution is deemed to be well capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of 5.0 or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.5 or greater. An institution is adequately capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of 4.0 or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 4.5 or greater. An institution is undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 8.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a leverage ratio of less than 4.0 or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 4.5 . An institution is deemed to be significantly undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.0 , a leverage ratio of less than 3.0 or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 3.0 . An institution is considered to be critically undercapitalized if it has a ratio of tangible equity (as defined in the regulations) to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 . As of December 31, 2022, the Bank was a well capitalized institution under FDIC regulations. At each successive lower capital category, an insured depository institution is subject to more restrictions and prohibitions, including restrictions on growth, restrictions on interest rates paid on deposits, restrictions or prohibitions on the payment of dividends, and restrictions on the acceptance of brokered deposits. Furthermore, if an insured depository institution is classified in one of the undercapitalized categories, it is required to submit a capital restoration plan to the appropriate federal banking agency, and the holding company must guarantee the performance of that plan. Based upon its capital levels, a bank that is classified as well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, or undercapitalized may be treated as though it were in the next lower capital category if the appropriate federal banking agency, after notice and opportunity for hearing, determines that an unsafe or unsound condition, or an unsafe or unsound practice, warrants such treatment. An undercapitalized bank s compliance with a capital restoration plan is required to be guaranteed by any company that controls the undercapitalized institution in an amount equal to the lesser of 5.0 of the institution s total assets when deemed undercapitalized or the amount necessary to achieve the status of adequately capitalized. If an undercapitalized bank fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is significantly undercapitalized. Significantly undercapitalized banks must comply with one or more of a number of additional restrictions, including 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 but not limited to an order by the FDIC to sell sufficient voting stock to become adequately capitalized, requirements to reduce total assets, cease receipt of deposits from correspondent banks or dismiss directors or officers, and restrictions on interest rates paid on deposits, compensation of executive officers and capital distributions by the parent holding company. Critically undercapitalized institutions are subject to additional measures including, subject to a narrow exception, the appointment of a receiver or conservator within 270 days after it obtains such status. The previously referenced law establishing a community bank leverage ratio adjusted the referenced categories for qualifying institutions that opt into the alternative framework for regulatory capital requirements. Institutions that exceed the community bank leverage ratio are considered to have met the capital ratio requirements to be well capitalized for the agencies prompt corrective rules. Transaction with Affiliates and Regulation W of the Federal Reserve Regulations. Transactions between banks and their affiliates are governed by federal law. An affiliate of a bank is any company or entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the bank. In a holding company context, the parent bank or savings and loan holding company and any companies which are controlled by such parent holding company are affiliates of the bank (although subsidiaries of the bank itself, except financial subsidiaries, are generally not considered affiliates). Generally, Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Reserve Board s Regulation W limit the extent to which the bank or its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions with any one affiliate to an amount equal to 10.0 of such institution s capital stock and surplus, and with all such transactions with all affiliates to an amount equal to 20.0 of such institution s capital stock and surplus. Section 23B applies to covered transactions as well as to certain other transactions and requires that all such transactions be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable, to the institution or subsidiary as those provided to a non-affiliate. The term covered transaction includes the making of loans to, purchase of assets from, and issuance of a guarantee to an affiliate, and other similar transactions. Section 23B transactions also include the provision of services and the sale of assets by a bank to an affiliate. In addition, loans or other extensions of credit by the financial institution to the affiliate are required to be collateralized in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act. Sections 22(h) and (g) of the Federal Reserve Act place restrictions on loans to a bank s insiders, i.e. , executive officers, directors and principal stockholders. Under Section 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act, loans to a director, an executive officer and to a greater than 10.0 stockholder of a financial institution, and certain of their affiliated interests, together with all other outstanding loans to such persons and affiliated interests, may not exceed specified limits. Section 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act also requires that loans to directors, executive officers and principal stockholders be made on terms and conditions substantially the same as offered in comparable transactions to persons who are not insiders and also requires prior board approval for certain loans. In addition, the aggregate amount of extensions of credit by a financial institution to insiders cannot exceed the institution s unimpaired capital and surplus. Section 22(g) of the Federal Reserve Act places additional restrictions on loans to executive officers. Enforcement. The FDIC has extensive enforcement authority over insured state-chartered savings banks, including the Bank. The enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, issue cease and desist orders and remove directors and officers. In general, these enforcement actions may be initiated in response to violations of laws and regulations, breaches of fiduciary duty and unsafe or unsound practices. Federal Insurance of Deposit Accounts. The Bank is a member of the Deposit Insurance Fund, which is administered by the FDIC. Deposit accounts in the Bank are insured up to a maximum of 250,000 for each separately insured depositor. The FDIC imposes an assessment for deposit insurance on all depository institutions. Under the FDIC s risk-based assessment system, insured institutions are assigned to risk categories based on supervisory evaluations, regulatory capital levels and certain other factors. An institution s assessment rate depends upon the category to which it is assigned and certain adjustments specified by FDIC regulations, with less risky institutions paying lower rates. Assessment rates (inclusive of possible adjustments) for most banks with less than 10 billion of assets currently range from 1 1 2 to 30 basis points of each institution s total assets less tangible capital. The FDIC may increase or decrease the scale uniformly, except that no adjustment can deviate more than two basis points from the base scale without notice and comment rulemaking. The FDIC s current system represents a change, required by the Dodd-Frank Act, from its prior practice of basing the assessment on an institution s volume of deposits. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 The Dodd-Frank Act increased the minimum target Deposit Insurance Fund ratio from 1.15 of estimated insured deposits to 1.35 of estimated insured deposits. The FDIC was required to seek to achieve the 1.35 ratio by September 30, 2020. Insured institutions with assets of 10 billion or more were supposed to fund the increase. The FDIC indicated in November 2018 that the 1.35 ratio was exceeded. Insured institutions of less than 10 billion of assets received credits for the portion of their assessments that contributed to raising the reserve ratio between 1.15 and 1.35 effective when the fund rate achieves 1.38 . The Dodd-Frank Act eliminated the 1.5 maximum fund ratio, instead leaving it to the discretion of the FDIC and the FDIC has exercised that discretion by establishing a long range fund ratio of 2 . The FDIC has authority to increase insurance assessments. A significant increase in insurance premiums would likely have an adverse effect on the operating expenses and results of operations of the Bank. Future insurance assessment rates cannot be predicted. Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule order or regulatory condition imposed in writing. We do not know of any practice, condition or violation that might lead to termination of deposit insurance. Privacy Regulations. FDIC regulations generally require that the Bank disclose its privacy policy, including identifying with whom it shares a customer s non-public personal information, to customers at the time of establishing the customer relationship and annually thereafter. In addition, the Bank is required to provide its customers with the ability to opt-out of having their personal information shared with unaffiliated third parties and not to disclose account numbers or access codes to non-affiliated third parties for marketing purposes. The Bank currently has a privacy protection policy in place and believes that such policy is in compliance with the regulations. Community Reinvestment Act. Under the Community Reinvestment Act, or CRA, as implemented by FDIC regulations, a non-member bank has a continuing and affirmative obligation, consistent with its safe and sound operation, to help meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. The CRA does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions nor does it limit an institution s discretion to develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community, consistent with the CRA. The CRA does require the FDIC, in connection with its examination of a non-member bank, to assess the institution s record of meeting the credit needs of its community and to take such record into account in its evaluation of certain applications by such institution, including applications to acquire branches and other financial institutions. The CRA requires the FDIC to provide a written evaluation of an institution s CRA performance utilizing a four-tiered descriptive rating system. The Bank s latest FDIC CRA rating was Satisfactory . The Bank is also subject to provisions of the New York State banking law which imposes continuing and affirmative obligations upon banking institutions organized in New York State to serve the credit needs of its local community (the NYCRA which are substantially similar to those imposed by the federal CRA. Pursuant to the NYCRA, a bank must file copies of all federal CRA reports with the New York State Department of Financial Services. The NYCRA requires the New York State Department of Financial Services to make a written assessment of a bank s compliance with the NYCRA every 24 to 36 months, utilizing a four-tiered rating system and make such assessment available to the public. The NYCRA also requires the Superintendent to consider a bank s NYCRA rating when reviewing a bank s application to engage in certain transactions, including mergers, asset purchases and the establishment of branch offices or automated teller machines, and provides that such assessment may serve as a basis for the denial of any such application. The Bank s latest NYCRA rating was Outstanding . Consumer Protection and Fair Lending Regulations. New York savings banks are subject to a variety of federal statutes and regulations that are intended to protect consumers and prohibit discrimination in the granting of credit. These statutes and regulations provide for a range of sanctions for non-compliance with their terms, including imposition of administrative fines and remedial orders, and referral to the Attorney General for prosecution of a civil action for actual and punitive damages and injunctive relief. Certain of these statutes authorize private individual and class action lawsuits and the award of actual, statutory and punitive damages and attorneys fees for certain types of violations. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 USA PATRIOT Act. The Bank is subject to the USA PATRIOT Act, which gave federal agencies additional powers to address terrorist threats through enhanced domestic security measures, expanded surveillance powers, increased information sharing, and broadened anti-money laundering requirements. By way of amendments to the Bank Secrecy Act, Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act provided measures intended to encourage information sharing among bank regulatory agencies and law enforcement bodies. Further, certain provisions of Title III impose affirmative obligations on a broad range of financial institutions, including banks, thrifts, brokers, dealers, credit unions, money transfer agents, and parties registered under the Commodity Exchange Act. Other Regulations. Interest and other charges collected or contracted for by the Bank are subject to state usury laws and federal laws concerning interest rates. Loan operations are also subject to state and federal laws applicable to credit transactions, such as the: Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves; Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors in extending credit; Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1978, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies; and Rules and regulations of the various federal and state agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such federal and state laws. 
 The deposit operations of the Bank also are subject to, among others, the: Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act (also known as Check 21 ), which gives substitute checks, such as digital check images and copies made from that image, the same legal standing as the original paper check; and Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E promulgated thereunder, which govern automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services. 
 Federal Reserve System. The Federal Reserve Act authorizes the Federal Reserve Board to require depository associations to maintain noninterest-earning reserves against their transaction accounts (primarily negotiable order of withdrawal and regular checking accounts). The amounts are adjusted annually and, for 2019, the regulations provided that reserves be maintained against aggregate transaction accounts as follows: a 3 reserve ratio is assessed on net transaction accounts up to and including 127.5 million; and a 10 reserve ratio is applied above 127.5 million. The first 16.9 million of otherwise reservable balances (subject to adjustments by the Federal Reserve Board) were exempted from the reserve requirements. The Bank complied with the foregoing requirements during 2019. On March 15, 2020, the Federal Reserve Board reduced reserve requirement to 0 effective as of March 26, 2020, which eliminated reserve requirements for all depository institutions. Federal Home Loan Bank System. The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which consists of 11 regional Federal Home Loan Banks. The Federal Home Loan Bank provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had a maximum borrowing capacity from the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York of 52.5 million comprising of 31.5 million in available borrowings and 21.0 million in outstanding borrowings. The Bank, as a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, is required to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in that Federal Home Loan Bank. The Bank was in compliance with requirements for the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York with an investment of 1.2 million at December 31, 2022. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Holding Company Regulation As a savings and loan holding company, the Company is subject to Federal Reserve Board regulations, examinations, supervision, reporting requirements and regulations regarding its activities. Among other things, this authority permits the Federal Reserve Board to restrict or prohibit activities that are determined to be a serious risk to the Bank. Pursuant to federal law and regulations and policy, a savings and loan holding company such as the Company may generally engage in the activities permitted for financial holding companies under Section 4(k) of the Bank Holding Company Act and certain other activities that have been authorized for savings and loan holding companies by regulation. Federal law prohibits a savings and loan holding company from, directly or indirectly or through one or more subsidiaries, acquiring more than 5 of the voting stock of another savings association, or savings and loan holding company thereof, without prior written approval of the Federal Reserve Board or from acquiring or retaining, with certain exceptions, more than 5 of a non-subsidiary holding company or savings association. A savings and loan holding company is also prohibited from acquiring more than 5 of a company engaged in activities other than those authorized by federal law or acquiring or retaining control of a depository institution that is not insured by the FDIC. In evaluating applications by holding companies to acquire savings associations, the Federal Reserve Board must consider the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the company and institution involved, the effect of the acquisition on the risk to the insurance funds the convenience and needs of the community and competitive factors. The Federal Reserve Board is prohibited from approving any acquisition that would result in a multiple savings and loan holding company controlling savings associations in more than one state, except: (i) the approval of interstate supervisory acquisitions by savings and loan holding companies; and (ii) the acquisition of a savings association in another state if the laws of the state of the target savings association specifically permit such acquisitions. The states vary in the extent to which they permit interstate savings and loan holding company acquisitions. Capital Requirements. The Company is subject to the Federal Reserve Board s capital adequacy guidelines for savings and loan holding companies (on a consolidated basis) which have historically been similar to, though less stringent than, those of the FDIC for the Bank. The Dodd-Frank Act, however, required the Federal Reserve Board to promulgate consolidated capital requirements for depository institution holding companies that are no less stringent, both quantitatively and in terms of components of capital, than those applicable to institutions themselves. Consolidated regulatory capital requirements identical to those applicable to the subsidiary banks apply to savings and loan holding companies; as is the case with institutions themselves, the capital conservation buffer was phased in between 2016 and 2019. However, the Federal Reserve Board has provided a small bank holding company exception to its consolidated capital requirements, and legislation and the related issuance of regulations by the Federal Reserve Board has increased the threshold for the exception to 3.0 billion. As a result, the Company is not be subject to the capital requirement until such time as its consolidated assets exceed 3.0 billion. Source of Strength. The Dodd-Frank Act also extends the source of strength doctrine to savings and loan holding companies. The regulatory agencies must promulgate regulations implementing the source of strength policy that holding companies act as a source of strength to their subsidiary depository institutions by providing capital, liquidity and other support in times of financial stress. Dividends and Stock Repurchases. The Federal Reserve Board has the power to prohibit dividends by savings and loan holding companies if their actions constitute unsafe or unsound practices. The Federal Reserve Board has issued a policy statement on the payment of cash dividends by bank and savings and loan holding companies, which expresses the Federal Reserve Board s view that a holding company should pay cash dividends only to the extent that the company s net income for the past year is sufficient to cover both the cash dividends and a rate of earnings retention that is consistent with the company s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The Federal Reserve Board also indicated that it would be inappropriate for a holding company experiencing serious financial problems to borrow funds to pay dividends. Under the prompt corrective action regulations, the Federal Reserve Board may prohibit a bank or savings and holding company from paying any dividends if the holding company s bank subsidiary is classified as undercapitalized. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Reserve Board policy also provides that a holding company should inform the Federal Reserve Board supervisory staff prior to redeeming or repurchasing common stock or perpetual preferred stock if the holding company is experiencing financial weaknesses or if the repurchase or redemption would result in a net reduction, as of the end of a quarter, in the amount of such equity instruments outstanding compared with the beginning of the quarter in which the redemption or repurchase occurred. Acquisition of the Company. Under the Federal Change in Bank Control Act, a notice must be submitted to the Federal Reserve Board if any person (including a company), or group acting in concert, seeks to acquire direct or indirect control of a savings and loan holding company or savings association. Under certain circumstances, a change of control may occur, and prior notice is required, upon the acquisition of 10 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the company or institution, unless the Federal Reserve Board has found that the acquisition will not result in a change of control. Under the Change in Control Act, the Federal Reserve Board generally has 60 days from the filing of a complete notice to act, taking into consideration certain factors, including the financial and managerial resources of the acquirer and the anti-trust effects of the acquisition. Any company that acquires control would then be subject to regulation as a savings and loan holding company. Federal Securities Laws. The Company s common stock is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission and, as a result, the Company is subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading restrictions and other requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is intended to improve corporate responsibility, to provide for enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing improprieties at publicly traded companies and to protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures pursuant to the securities laws. We have policies, procedures and systems designed to comply with these regulations, and we review and document such policies, procedures and systems to ensure continued compliance with these regulations. Change in Control Regulations. Under the Change in Bank Control Act, no person, or group of persons acting in concert, may acquire control of a savings and loan holding company such as the Company unless the Federal Reserve Board has been given 60 days prior written notice and not disapproved the proposed acquisition. The Federal Reserve Board considers several factors in evaluating a notice, including the financial and managerial resources of the acquirer and competitive effects. Control, as defined under the applicable regulations, means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct the management or policies of the company or to vote 25 or more of any class of voting securities of the company. Acquisition of more than 10 of any class of a savings and loan holding company s voting securities constitutes a rebuttable presumption of control under certain circumstances, including where, as in the case of the Company, the issuer has registered securities under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In addition, federal regulations provide that no company may acquire control of a savings and loan holding company without the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. Any company that acquires such control becomes a savings and loan holding company subject to registration, examination and regulation by the Federal Reserve Board. Emerging Growth Company Status The Company is an emerging growth company and, for so long as it continues to be an emerging growth company, the Company may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As an emerging growth company, the Company is not subject to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which would require that our independent auditors review and attest as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We have also elected to use the extended transition period to delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies. Such an election is irrevocable during the period a company is an emerging growth company. Accordingly, our financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of public companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 The Company will cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of: (i) the end of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the Company s second-step conversion and offering, which occurred on July 12, 2021; (ii) the first fiscal year after our annual gross revenues are 1.07 billion (adjusted for inflation) or more; (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities; or (iv) the end of any fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded 700 million at the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year. Personnel At December 31, 2022, we had 134 full-time employees and five part-time employees, none of whom are represented by a collective bargaining unit. We believe our relationship with our employees is good. Subsidiaries The Company s only direct subsidiary is the Bank. The Bank maintains the following subsidiaries: New England Commercial Properties LLC , a New York limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, was formed in October 2007 to facilitate the purchase or lease of real property by the Bank. New England Commercial Properties, LLC currently owns one foreclosed property located in Pennsylvania. NECB Financial Services Group, LLC , a New York limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, was formed in the third quarter of 2012 as a complement to Harbor West Wealth Management Group to sell life insurance and fixed rate annuities. NECB Financial Services Group, LLC is licensed in the States of New York and Connecticut. 72 West Eckerson LLC , a New York limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, was formed in April 2015 to facilitate the purchase or lease of real property by the Bank and currently owns the Bank branch locations in Spring Valley, New York and Monroe, New York. 166 Route 59 Realty LLC , a New York limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, was formed in April 2021 to facilitate the purchase or lease of real property by the Bank and currently owns the Bank branch located in Airmont, New York. 3 Winterton Realty LLC , a New York limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, was formed in October 2021 to facilitate the purchase of real property by the Bank and currently owns the property for a proposed Bank branch located in Bloomingburg, New York. Executive Officers Our executive officers are elected annually by the board of directors and serve at the board s discretion. The following individuals currently serve as our executive officers: 

Name Position Kenneth A. Martinek Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jose M. Collazo President and Chief Operating Officer Donald S. Hom Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Below is information regarding our executive officer who is not also a director. Mr. Hom has held his current position for the period indicated below. Age presented is as of December 31, 2022. Donald S. Hom joined the Company and the Bank in 2007, serving as Chief Financial Officer since 2013. Prior to joining the Company and the Bank, Mr. Hom served for 23 years as a bank examiner and financial analyst for a Federal banking regulatory agency and six years as the chief executive officer of a New Jersey community bank. Age 68. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. RISK FACTORS Investing in the Company s common stock involves risks. The investor should carefully consider the following risk factors before deciding to make an investment decision regarding the Company s stock. The risk factors may cause future earnings to be lower or the financial condition to be less favorable than expected. In addition, other risks that the Company is not aware of, or which are not believed to be material, may cause earnings to be lower, or may deteriorate the financial condition of the Company. Consideration should also be given to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as in the documents incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. Risks Related to Our Lending Activities Our emphasis on construction lending involves risks that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In recent years, we have shifted our loan originations to focus primarily on construction loans, while continuing to originate a limited number of commercial and industrial loans, multifamily, mixed-use and non-residential real estate loans. We expect this focus to continue given the needs of the communities we serve in the New York Metropolitan Area. Our construction loan portfolio has increased to 930.6 million, net of loans-in-process of 637.4 million, or 76.4 of total loans, at December 31, 2022 from 251.0 million, net of loans-in-process of 145.8 million, or 39.8 of total loans, at December 31, 2016. As a result, our credit risk profile may be higher than traditional community banks that have higher concentrations of one- to four-family residential loans and other real estate-based loans. Construction lending involves additional risks when compared to one- to four-family residential real estate lending because funds are advanced upon the security of the project, which is of uncertain value prior to its completion. Because of the uncertainties inherent in estimating construction costs, as well as the market value of the completed project and the effects of governmental regulation of real property, it is relatively difficult to evaluate accurately the total funds required to complete a project and the related loan-to-value ratio. This type of lending also typically involves higher loan principal amounts and is often concentrated with a small number of builders. These loans often involve the disbursement of substantial funds with repayment substantially dependent on the success of the ultimate project and the ability of the borrower to sell or lease the property or obtain permanent take-out financing, rather than the ability of the borrower or guarantor to repay principal and interest. For construction loans we originate, we require our borrowers to fund an interest reserve account in advance. Our portfolio of multifamily residential, mixed-use and non-residential real estate lending could expose us to increased lending risks. At December 31, 2022, 170.6 million, or 14.0 , of our loan portfolio consisted of multifamily, mixed-use and non-residential real estate loans. As a result, our credit risk profile is generally higher than traditional thrift institutions that have higher concentrations of one- to four-family residential loans. Loans secured by multifamily and mixed-use and non-residential real estate generally expose a lender to greater risk of non-payment and loss than one- to four-family residential mortgage loans because repayment of the loans often depends on the successful operation of the property and the income stream of the underlying property, which can be significantly affected by conditions in the real estate markets or in the economy. For example, if the cash flows from the borrower s project is reduced as a result of leases not being obtained or renewed, the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. In addition, such loans typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers compared to one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. Accordingly, an adverse development with respect to one loan or one credit relationship can expose us to greater risk of loss compared to an adverse development with respect to a one- to four-family residential mortgage loan. We seek to minimize these risks through our underwriting policies, which require such loans to be qualified on the basis of the property s net income and debt service ratio; however, there is no assurance that our underwriting policies will protect us from credit-related losses. Further, if we foreclose on a multifamily, mixed-use or non-residential real estate loan, our holding period for the collateral may be longer than for one- to four-family residential mortgage loans because there may be fewer potential purchasers of the collateral, which can result in substantial holding costs. In addition, vacancies, deferred maintenance, 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 repairs and market stigma can result in prospective buyers expecting sale price concessions to offset their real or perceived economic losses for the time it takes them to return the property to profitability. Imposition of limits by the bank regulators on construction and multifamily, mixed-use and nonresidential real estate lending activities could curtail our growth and adversely affect our earnings. In 2006, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the FDIC and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (collectively, the Agencies issued joint guidance entitled Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending, Sound Risk Management Practices (the CRE Guidance ). Although the CRE Guidance did not establish specific lending limits, it provides that a bank s commercial real estate lending exposure could receive increased supervisory scrutiny where total non-owner-occupied commercial real estate loans, including loans secured by apartment buildings, investor commercial real estate, and construction and land loans, represent 300 or more of an institution s total risk-based capital, and the outstanding balance of the commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased by 50 or more during the preceding 36 months. Construction loans represented 417 of the Bank s total risk-based capital at December 31, 2022, and our multifamily, mixed-use and nonresidential real estate loan portfolio represented 77 of the Bank s total risk-based capital on that same date. In December 2015, the Agencies released a new statement on prudent risk management for commercial real estate lending (the 2015 Statement ). In the 2015 Statement, the Agencies, among other things, indicate the intent to continue to pay special attention to commercial real estate lending activities and concentrations going forward. If the FDIC, our primary federal regulator, were to impose restrictions on the amount of such loans we can hold in our portfolio or require us to implement additional compliance measures, for reasons noted above or otherwise, our earnings would be adversely affected as would our earnings per share. We monitor our concentration limits with respect to our construction, multifamily, mixed-use and non-residential real estate loans closely and have implemented various risk management practices to manage our exposure for such loans. See Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Management of Credit Risk. Our portfolio of commercial and industrial loans may expose us to increased lending risks. At December 31, 2022, 110.1 million, or 9.0 , of our loan portfolio consisted of commercial and industrial loans. Commercial and industrial loans generally expose a lender to a greater risk of loss than one- to four-family residential loans. Repayment of commercial and industrial loans generally is dependent, in large part, on sufficient income from the business to cover operating expenses and debt service. The offering will allow us to increase our loans-to-one borrower limit, which may result in larger loans being originated. In addition, to the extent that borrowers have more than one commercial loan outstanding, an adverse development with respect to one loan or one credit relationship could expose us to a significantly greater risk of loss compared to an adverse development with respect to a one- to four-family residential real estate loan. Further, unlike residential mortgages or multifamily, mixed-use and non-residential real estate loans, commercial and industrial loans may be secured by collateral other than real estate, such as inventory and accounts receivable, the value of which may be more difficult to appraise and may be more susceptible to fluctuation in value at default. We seek to minimize the risks involved in commercial and industrial lending: by underwriting such loans on the basis of the cash flows produced by the business; by requiring that such loans be collateralized by various business assets, including inventory, equipment, and accounts receivable, among others; and by requiring personal guarantees, whenever possible. However, the capacity of a borrower to repay a commercial and industrial loan is substantially dependent on the degree to which his or her business is successful. In addition, the collateral underlying such loans may depreciate over time, may not be conducive to appraisal, or may fluctuate in value, based upon the business results. If our allowance for loan losses is not sufficient to cover actual loan losses, our results of operations would be negatively affected. In determining the amount of the allowance for loan losses, we analyze, among other things, our loss and delinquency experience by portfolio segments, the debt service ratios and loan-to-value ratios of each segment of our 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 portfolio, and the effect of existing economic conditions. In addition, we make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of many of our loans. If the actual results are different from our estimates, or our analyses are inaccurate, our allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover losses inherent in our loan portfolio, which would require additions to our allowance and would decrease our net income. Our emphasis on loan growth, as well as any future credit deterioration, will require us to increase our allowance further in the future. In addition, our banking regulators periodically review our allowance for loan losses and could require us to increase our provision for loan losses. Any increase in our allowance for loan losses or loan charge-offs resulting from these regulatory reviews may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The geographic concentration of our loan portfolio and lending activities makes us vulnerable to a downturn in our primary market area. Our loan portfolio is concentrated in construction loans and multifamily, mixed-use and non-residential real estate loans primarily located in the New York Metropolitan Area, including the Mid-Hudson Region, and the Boston Metropolitan Area. Our construction loans are primarily located in Orange, Rockland and Sullivan Counties in New York and Brooklyn (Kings County). The construction loans are almost exclusively located within homogeneous communities that demonstrate significant population growth concentrated in well-defined existing, and newer expanding, communities. Construction loans originated in Bronx County are also located in high demand, high absorption areas. At December 31, 2022, 852.7 million, or 91.6 of our construction loan portfolio and 70.1 of our loan portfolio, represented loans made in high absorption areas of these five counties of New York. This may make us vulnerable to a downturn in the local economy and real estate markets and to a decrease in new construction in these counties. Adverse conditions in the local economy such as unemployment, recession, a catastrophic event or other factors beyond our control could impact the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans, which could impact our net interest income. Decreases in local real estate values caused by economic conditions, changes in tax laws or other events could adversely affect the value of the property used as collateral for our loans, which could cause us to realize a loss in the event of a foreclosure. Further, deterioration in local economic conditions could necessitate an increase in our provision for loan losses and a resulting reduction to our earnings and capital. Economic conditions could result in increases in our level of non-performing loans and/or reduce demand for our products and services, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Deteriorating economic conditions could affect the markets in which we do business, the value of our loans and investment securities, and our ongoing operations, costs and profitability. Further, declines in real estate values and new construction and elevated unemployment levels may result in higher loan delinquencies, increases in our non-performing and classified assets and a decline in demand for our products and services. These events may cause us to incur losses and may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. To the extent that we must work through the resolution of assets, economic problems may cause us to incur losses and adversely affect our capital, liquidity, and financial condition. Strong competition within our market area may limit our growth and profitability. Competition is intense within the banking and financial services industry, particularly in our New York and Massachusetts markets. Our construction loans are primarily originated in high absorption areas within Bronx, Kings, Orange, Rockland and Sullivan Counties in New York. Competition for constructions loans in these high absorption areas comes from commercial banks, savings institutions and credit unions operating in the Metropolitan New York area and nationwide. Competition for construction loans also comes from the increasing number of non-depository financial service companies entering the commercial real estate or construction lending market, such as financial technology companies, securities companies and specialty finance companies. We also originate non-construction loans, including multi-family, commercial and industrial loans, throughout our primary lending markets in New York and Massachusetts. Competition for non-construction loans comes from the numerous national, regional and local community financial institutions operating in our market area, including a number of independent banks and credit unions, in addition to other 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 financial service companies, such as brokerage firms and other similar entities. In addition, we also face competition for investors funds from money market funds and other corporate and government securities. Many of these competitors have substantially greater resources, higher lending limits and offer services that we do not or cannot provide. This competition could make it difficult for us to originate new loans and attract new deposits. While we believe that our long-standing presence in our market areas in New York and Massachusetts, and our personal service philosophy enhance our ability to compete favorably in attracting and retaining individual and business customers, price competition for loans may result in originating fewer loans, or earning less on our loans and price competition for deposits may result in a reduction of our deposit base of paying more on deposits. Risks Related to Our Operations Our reliance on brokered deposits, military deposits and deposits from listing services could adversely affect our liquidity and operating results. Among other sources of funds, we rely on brokered deposits as well as military deposits and deposits obtained from listing services to provide funds with which to make loans and provide other liquidity needed. At December 31, 2022, brokered deposits, military deposits and deposits obtained through listing services totaled 150.0 million, or 13.4 of total deposits, of which brokered deposits represents 114.2 million or 10.2 of total deposits. Generally, these deposits may not be as stable as other types of deposits. In the future, these depositors may not replace their deposits with us as they mature, or we may have to pay a higher rate of interest to keep those deposits or to replace them with other deposits or sources of funds. Not being able to maintain or replace these deposits as they mature could affect our liquidity. Paying higher deposit rates to maintain or replace these types of deposits could adversely affect our net interest margin and operating results. We face a risk of non-compliance and enforcement action with the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. The federal Bank Secrecy Act, the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the PATRIOT Act and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain effective anti-money laundering programs and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports as appropriate. The federal Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, established by the U.S. Treasury Department to administer the Bank Secrecy Act, is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and have engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the individual federal banking regulators, as well as the U.S. Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration and Internal Revenue Service. Federal and state bank regulators also are focused on compliance with Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering regulations. If our policies, procedures and systems are deemed deficient or the policies, procedures and systems of the financial institutions that we may acquire in the future are deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions such as restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and inability to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of our business plan, including acquisitions, which would negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us. Because the nature of the financial services business involves a high volume of transactions, we face significant operational risks. We rely on the ability of our employees and systems to process a high number of transactions. Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from our operations, including but not limited to, the risk of fraud by employees or third parties, the execution of unauthorized transactions by employees, errors relating to transaction processing and technology, breaches of our internal control systems and compliance requirements, and ineffective business continuation and disaster recovery policies and procedures. Insurance coverage may not be available for such losses, or where available, such losses may exceed insurance limits. This risk of loss also includes the potential legal actions that could arise as a result of an operational deficiency or as a result of non-compliance with applicable regulations, adverse business decisions or their implementation, and customer attrition due to potential negative publicity. A breakdown in 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 our internal control systems, improper operation of our systems or improper employee actions could result in material financial loss to us, the imposition of regulatory action, and damage to our reputation. The implementation of the Current Expected Credit Loss accounting standard could require us to increase our allowance for credit losses and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. ASU 2016-13 replaces the incurred loss model with an expected loss model, which is referred to as the current expected credit loss model, or CECL. ASU 2016-13. We previously elected to defer the adoption of ASU 2016-13 until December 31, 2020, as permitted by the CARES Act, and based on legislation enacted in December 2020 which extended certain provision of the CARES Act, we elected to extend adopting of CECL until January 1, 2023 in accordance with the recent legislation. This standard requires earlier recognition of expected credit losses on loans and certain other instruments, compared to the incurred loss model. The change to the CECL framework requires us to greatly increase the data we must collect and review to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses. The adoption of CECL may result in greater volatility in the level of the allowance for credit losses, depending on various factors and assumptions applied in the model, such as the forecasted economic conditions in the foreseeable future and loan payment behaviors. Any increase in the allowance for credit losses, or expenses incurred to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses, may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Growth Strategy The building of market share through our branch office strategy, and our ability to achieve profitability on new branch offices, may increase our expenses and negatively affect our earnings. We believe there are branch expansion opportunities within our primary market area and adjacent markets, and will seek to grow our lending and deposit base by adding branches to our existing ten-branch network. There are considerable costs involved in opening branch offices, especially in light of the capabilities needed to compete in today s environment. Moreover, new branch offices generally require a period of time to generate sufficient revenues to offset their costs, especially in areas in which we do not have an established presence. Accordingly, new branch offices could negatively impact our earnings and may do so for some period of time. Our investments in new branches, and the related personnel required to operate such branches, take time to earn returns and can be expected to negatively impact our earnings for the foreseeable future. The profitability of our expansion strategy will depend on whether the income that we generate from the new branch offices will offset the increased expenses resulting from establishing and operating these branch offices. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Generally Changes in interest rates may hurt our profits and asset values and our strategies for managing interest rate risk may not be effective. We are subject to significant interest rate risk as a financial institution. During the past several years, it has been the policy of the Federal Reserve Board to maintain interest rates at historically low levels. As a result, recent market rates on the loans we have originated and the yields on securities we have purchased have been at relatively low levels. Accordingly, if market interest rates change, our net interest income may be adversely affected and may decrease, which may have an adverse effect on our future profitability. Changes in the general level of interest rates can affect our net interest income by affecting the difference between the weighted-average yield earned on our interest-earning assets and the weighted-average rate paid on our interest-bearing liabilities, or interest rate spread, and the average life of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Changes in interest rates also can affect: (1) our ability to originate loans; (2) the value of our interest-earning assets and our ability to realize gains from the sale of such assets; (3) our ability to obtain and retain deposits in competition with other available investment alternatives; and (4) the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans, particularly adjustable or variable-rate loans. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including government monetary policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors beyond our control. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Economic, social and political conditions or civil unrest in the United States may affect the markets in which we operate, our customers, our ability to provide customer service, and could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our business may be adversely affected by instability, disruption or destruction in the markets in which we operate, regardless of cause, including war, terrorism, riot, civil insurrection or social unrest, and natural or man-made disasters, including storm or other events beyond our control, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which resulted in the imposition of related public health measures and travel restrictions, and civil unrest. Such events can increase levels of political and economic unpredictability, result in property damage and business closures within in our markets and increase the volatility of the financial markets. Any of these effects could have a material and adverse impact on our business and results of operations. These events also pose significant risks to our personnel and to physical facilities, transportation and operations, which could adversely affect our financial results. Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social and governance practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. Companies are facing increasing scrutiny from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to their environmental, social and governance ESG practices and disclosure. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds and influential investors are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to the environment, health and safety, diversity, labor conditions and human rights. Increased ESG related compliance costs could result in increases to our overall operational costs. Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively impact our reputation, ability to do business with certain partners, and our stock price. New government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure. We depend on our management team to implement our business strategy and execute successful operations and we could be harmed by the loss of their services. We depend upon the services of the members of our senior management team who direct our strategy and operations. Our executive officers and lending personnel possess expertise in our markets and key business relationships, and the loss of any one of them could be difficult to replace. Our loss of one or more of these persons, or our inability to hire additional qualified personnel, could impact our ability to implement our business strategy and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our ability to compete in our markets. We are a community bank and our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the success of our business. The failure to do so may adversely affect our performance. We are a community bank and our reputation is one of the most valuable assets of our business. A key component of our business strategy is to rely on our reputation for customer service and knowledge of local markets to expand our presence by capturing new business opportunities from existing and prospective customers in our market area and contiguous areas. As such, we strive to conduct our business in an honorable manner that enhances our reputation. This is done, in part, by recruiting, hiring and retaining employees who share our core values of being an integral part of the communities we serve, delivering superior service to our customers and caring about our customers and communities. If our reputation is negatively affected by the actions of our employees, by our inability to conduct our operations in a manner that is appealing to current or prospective customers or otherwise, our business and operating results may be materially adversely affected. We are dependent on our information technology and telecommunications systems and third-party service providers; systems failures, interruptions and cybersecurity breaches could have a material adverse effect on us. Our business is dependent on the successful and uninterrupted functioning of our information technology and telecommunications systems and third-party service providers. The failure of these systems, or the termination of a third-party software license or service agreement on which any of these systems is based, could interrupt our operations. Because our information technology and telecommunications systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 we could experience service denials if demand for such services exceeds capacity or such third-party systems fail or experience interruptions. If significant, sustained or repeated, a system failure or service denial could compromise our ability to operate effectively, damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, and/or subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. Our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, phishing schemes and other security breaches. We likely will expend additional resources to protect against the threat of such security breaches and computer viruses, or to alleviate problems caused by such security breaches or viruses. To the extent that the activities of our third-party service providers or the activities of our customers involve the storage and transmission of confidential information, security breaches and viruses could expose us to claims, regulatory scrutiny, litigation costs and other possible liabilities. Security breaches and cybersecurity threats could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including our proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business partners, as well as personally identifiable information about our customers and employees. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. We, our customers, and other financial institutions with which we interact, are subject to ongoing, continuous attempts to penetrate key systems by individual hackers, organized criminals, and in some cases, state-sponsored organizations. In March 2022, the SEC published a new set of proposed cybersecurity disclosure rules for public companies, such as the Company, which would significantly increase SEC scrutiny of public companies cybersecurity-related business activities, decision-making processes, and the Board s new role in overseeing cybersecurity. Under the new rules, companies will be required to develop and maintain reasonable cybersecurity practices, describe those practices in public filings, explain how their senior leadership oversee those programs effectively, and report cybersecurity incidents in a way that provides appropriate information to shareholders. The comment period for the proposed rules ended on May 9, 2022, with hundreds of comments submitted, and it is unclear when the rules will be finalized or effective and to what extent the final rules will change from the proposed rules published in March 2022. While we have established policies and procedures to prevent or limit the impact of cyber-attacks, there can be no assurance that such events will not occur or will be adequately addressed if they do. In addition, we also outsource certain cybersecurity functions, such as penetration testing, to third party service providers, and the failure of these service providers to adequately perform such functions could increase our exposure to security breaches and cybersecurity threats. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other malicious code and cyber-attacks that could have an impact on information security. Any such breach or attacks could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such unauthorized access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, and regulatory penalties; disrupt our operations and the services we provide to customers; damage our reputation; and cause a loss of confidence in our products and services, all of which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We must keep pace with technological change to remain competitive. Financial products and services have become increasingly technology-driven. Our ability to meet the needs of our customers competitively, and in a cost-efficient manner, is dependent on the ability to keep pace with technological advances and to invest in new technology as it becomes available, as well as related essential personnel. In addition, technology has lowered barriers to entry into the financial services market and made it possible for financial technology companies and other non-bank entities to offer financial products and services traditionally provided by banks. The ability to keep pace with technological change is important, and the failure to do so, due to cost, proficiency or otherwise, could have a material adverse impact on our business and therefore on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 The COVID-19 pandemic adversely affected, and could continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic created a global public-health crisis that resulted in challenging economic conditions for households and businesses and negatively affected our business and the communities in which we operate. While many areas of consumer spending have rebounded since the initial onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, there remains uncertainty surrounding the future economic conditions that will emerge in the years following the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, management is confronted with a significant and unfamiliar degree of uncertainty in estimating the impact of the pandemic on credit quality, revenues and asset values. The extent to which COVID-19 will continue to negatively affect our business is unknown and will depend on a number of factors, including the overall severity of the disease and of new variants of the virus, the duration of the pandemic, and the ultimate effects of COVID-19, including those described above and those not yet known or knowable, could have a negative effect on the stock price, business prospects, financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Acts of terrorism and other external events could impact our business. Financial institutions have been, and continue to be, targets of terrorist threats aimed at compromising operating and communication systems. Such events could cause significant damage, impact the stability of our facilities and result in additional expenses, impair the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans, reduce the value of collateral securing repayment of our loans, and result in the loss of revenue. The occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition. Regulation of the financial services industry is intense, and we may be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations. The Bank is subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the FDIC and the New York State Department of Financial Services. In addition, the Company is subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve Board and the New York State Department of Financial Services. Such regulation, supervision and examination govern the activities in which we may engage, and are intended primarily for the protection of the deposit insurance fund and the Bank s depositors and not for the protection of our stockholders. Federal and state regulatory agencies have the ability to take supervisory actions against financial institutions that have experienced increased loan losses and exhibit underwriting or other compliance weaknesses. These actions include the entering into of formal or informal written agreements and cease and desist orders that may place certain limitations on their operations. If we were to become subject to a regulatory action, such action could negatively impact our ability to execute our business plan, and result in operational restrictions, as well as our ability to grow, pay dividends, repurchase stock or engage in mergers and acquisitions. See Item 1: Business Regulation and Supervision Bank Regulation Capital Requirements for a discussion of regulatory capital requirements. We are an emerging growth company, and any decision on our part to comply only with certain reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors. The Company is an emerging growth company and, for so long as it continues to be an emerging growth company, the Company may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As an emerging growth company, the Company also is not subject to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which would require that its independent auditors review and attest as to the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. We have also elected to use the extended transition period to delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies. Accordingly, our financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of public companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Investors may find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the price of our common stock may be more volatile. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES At December 31, 2022, we conducted business through our administrative headquarters located in White Plains, New York and through our eleven branch offices located in Bronx, New York, Rockland, Orange, and Sullivan Counties in New York and Essex, Middlesex, and Norfolk Counties in Massachusetts and three loan production offices located in White Plains and New City, New York and Danvers, Massachusetts. We also have a wealth management office in Westport, Connecticut. At December 31, 2022, we leased six of our offices, and the total net book value of our land, buildings, furniture, fixtures and equipment was 26.1 million. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS From time to time, the Company and the Bank are involved in routine legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. At December 31, 2022, such routine legal proceedings, in the aggregate, are believed by management to be immaterial to our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES None. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information The common stock of the Company is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol NECB. Holders The number of shareholders of record of the Company at March 30, 2023 was 321. Dividends The Company has historically paid a quarterly cash dividend to stockholders. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid regular quarterly cash dividends of 0.06 per share. As previously disclosed, the Company s Board of Directors also declared a one-time special cash dividend of 0.18 per share, which was paid on May 31, 2022, to shareholders of record at the close of business on May 16, 2022. In determining the amount of any future dividends, the board of directors will take into account the Company s financial condition and results of operations, tax considerations, capital requirements and alternative uses for capital, industry standards, and economic conditions. The Company cannot guarantee that it will pay continue to pay dividends or that, if paid, it will not reduce or eliminate dividends in the future. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans The following table sets forth information regarding outstanding options and shares outstanding under the Company s previously disclosed 2022 Equity Incentive Plan at December 31, 2022: 

(a) (b) (c) Numbers of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Numbers of Securities to Weighted-Average Under Equity be Issued Upon Exercise Exercise Price of Compensation Plans of Outstanding Options, Outstanding Options, (Excluding Securities Period Warrants and Rights Warrants and Rights Reflected in Column (a)) Equity compensation plan approved by security holders 978,408 13.67 98,311 Equity compensation plan not approved by security holders - - - Total 978,408 98,311 Share Repurchases On July 27, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had authorized a stock repurchase program to acquire up to 1,637,794 shares, or 10 , of the Company s currently issued and outstanding common stock commencing on August 1, 2022. The stock repurchase program is the Company s first repurchase program since completing its second-step conversion and related stock offering in July 2021. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 The following table provides information on repurchases by the Company of its common stock under the Company s stock repurchase program during the three months ended December 31, 2022: 

Total Number of Shares Maximum Number of Purchased as Part of Shares that May Yet Be Total Number of Average Price Paid Publicly Announced Purchased Under the Period Shares Purchased Per Share Plans or Programs Plans or Programs October 1 - 31, 2022 63,004 12.80 63,004 1,324,502 November 1 - 30, 2022 116,300 14.01 116,300 1,208,202 December 1 - 31, 2022 250,927 14.64 250,927 957,275 Total 430,231 430,231 ITEM 6. [ RESERVED ] ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This discussion and analysis reflects our consolidated financial statements and other relevant statistical data, and is intended to enhance your understanding of our financial condition and results of operations. The information in this section has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company that appear beginning on page F-1 of this report. Executive Summary Our results of operations depend primarily on our net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between the interest income we earn on our interest-earning assets, consisting primarily of loans, investment securities, mortgage-backed securities and other interest-earning assets (primarily cash and cash equivalents), and the interest we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities, consisting of money market accounts, statement savings accounts, individual retirement accounts and certificates of deposit. Our results of operations also are affected by our provisions for loan losses, non-interest income and non-interest expense. Non-interest income currently consists primarily of loan fees, service charges, and earnings on bank owned life insurance. Non-interest expense currently consists primarily of salaries and employee benefits, deposit insurance premiums, directors fees, occupancy and equipment, data processing and professional fees. Our results of operations also may be affected significantly by general and local economic and competitive conditions, changes in market interest rates, governmental policies and actions of regulatory authorities. Business Strategy Growing our assets with a continued focus on the origination of construction loans. At December 31, 2022, 852.7 million, or 70.1 , of our total loan portfolio, net of loans in process, consisted of construction loans primarily located in high demand and high absorption areas in the New York Metropolitan Area. There continues to be a significant need for construction financing within the high absorption, homogeneous communities served by the Bank and we intend to continue to support the growth of these communities through the financing of condominium and apartment construction loans within the communities. Maintaining strong asset quality and managing credit risk. Strong asset quality is a key to the long-term financial success of any financial institution. We have been successful in maintaining strong asset quality in recent years. Our ratio of non-performing assets to total assets was 0.10 , 0.16 , and 0.58 at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We attribute this credit quality to a conservative credit culture and an effective credit risk management environment. We have an experienced team of credit professionals, well-defined and implemented credit policies and procedures, what we believe to be conservative loan underwriting criteria, and active credit monitoring policies and procedures. Our senior management team also spends 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 substantial time conducting construction site visits and visiting regularly with community leaders and borrowers in our high absorption communities, which enables us to understand the needs of our communities and to stay informed as to matters affecting those communities. Continuing to grow our non-interest bearing deposit accounts through the maintenance of low customer fees and charges. We believe that as a community bank we should maintain the fees and charges we charge our customers as low as possible. By doing so, we have been able to attract and retain food service and other businesses as customers of the Bank and at the same time increase the amount of our non-interest bearing business accounts. Expanding our franchise through de novo branching or branch acquisitions. As the communities we serve continue to grow and expand into new areas, we believe there will be branch expansion opportunities within our market area and in the newly developing communities expanding outward from existing high absorption, homogeneous communities where our branches are currently located. To this end, we opened a new branch office in Sullivan County, New York during the year ended December 31, 2022. We intend to explore additional opportunities as they arise to expand our branch network. Expanding our employee base, infrastructure and technology, as necessary, to support future growth. We have already made significant investments in our infrastructure, technology and employee base to support the growth in our construction portfolio and the increased compliance responsibilities due to such growth, including experienced Bank Secrecy Act professionals. The additional capital raised in the 2021 second-step conversion offering provided us with additional resources to attract and retain the necessary talent and continue to enhance our infrastructure and technology to support our growth following the conversion. Implement a stockholder-focused strategy for management of our capital. We recognize that a strong capital position is essential to achieving our long-term objective of building stockholder value, and we believe that our capital position will support our future growth and expansion, and will give us flexibility to pursue other capital management strategies to enhance stockholder value. Critical Accounting Policies In the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, we have adopted various accounting policies that govern the application of U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP and to general practices within the banking industry. Our significant accounting policies are described in note one to the consolidated financial statements included in this report. Certain accounting policies involve significant judgments and assumptions by us that have a material impact on the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities. We consider these accounting policies, which are discussed below, to be critical accounting policies. The judgments and assumptions we use are based on historical experience and other factors, which we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from these judgments and estimates under different conditions, resulting in a change that could have a material impact on the carrying values of our assets and liabilities and our results of operations. Allowance for Loan Losses We consider the allowance for loan losses to be a critical accounting policy. The allowance for loan losses represents management s estimate of losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the statement of financial condition date and is recorded as a reduction to loans. The allowance for loan losses is increased by the provision for loan losses, and decreased by charge-offs, net of recoveries. Loans deemed to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance for loan losses, and subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. All, or part, of the principal balance of loans receivable are charged off to the allowance as soon as it is determined that the repayment of all, or part, of the principal balance is highly unlikely. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level considered adequate to provide for losses that can be reasonably anticipated. Management performs a quarterly evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance. The allowance is based on our past loan loss experience, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, the estimated value of any underlying collateral, composition of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions, and other relevant factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. The allowance consists of general reserves. If an impairment is identified, we charge off the impaired portion immediately. A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment records, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impairment is measured on a loan-by-loan basis. The general component of the allowance calculation is also based on the loss factors that reflect our historical charge-off experience adjusted for current economic conditions applied to loan groups with similar characteristics or classifications in the current portfolio. To help ensure that risk ratings are accurate and reflect the present and future capacity of borrowers to repay a loan as agreed, we have a proprietary structured loan rating process which allows for a periodic review of our loan portfolio and the early identification of potential impaired loans. These proprietary systems, depending on the type of loan, take into consideration factors such as project location, loan duration, loan to value or loan to cost, property condition, borrower experience, guarantor strength, tenant concentration, projected debt-service coverage, absorption rate, sponsor s experience, and as well as other factors. Loans whose terms are modified are classified as troubled debt restructurings if we grant such borrowers concessions and it is deemed that those borrowers are experiencing financial difficulty. Concessions granted under a troubled debt restructuring generally involve a temporary reduction in interest rate or an extension of a loan s stated maturity date at a below market rate. Adversely classified, non-accrual troubled debt restructurings may be returned to accrued status if principal and interest payments, under the modified terms, are current for six consecutive months after modification. All troubled debt restructured loans are classified as impaired. In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. ASU 2016-13 replaces the incurred loss model with an expected loss model, which is referred to as the current expected credit loss model, or CECL, ASU 2016-13. We previously elected to defer the adoption of ASU 2016-13 until December 31, 2020. As permitted by the CARES Act, and based on legislation enacted in December 2020 which extended certain provision of the CARES Act, we elected to extend the adoption of CECL until January 1, 2023 in accordance with the recent legislation. This standard requires earlier recognition of expected credit losses on loans and certain other instruments, compared to the incurred loss model. Based on management s comprehensive analysis of the loan portfolio, management believes the allowance for loan losses is appropriate as of December 31, 2022. Balance Sheet Analysis General Total assets increased by 200.0 million, or 16.3 , to 1.4 billion at December 31, 2022, from 1.2 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase in assets was primarily due to increases in net loans of 244.1 million, investment securities held-to-maturity of 8.5 million, accrued interest receivable of 4.3 million, and premises and equipment of 2.2 million, partially offset by decrease in cash and cash equivalents of 57.0 million and investment in equity securities of 1.9 million. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Cash and cash equivalents decreased by 57.0 million, or 37.4 , to 95.3 million at December 31, 2022 from 152.3 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents was a result of cash being deployed to fund an increase in net loans of 245.1 million, an increase in securities held-to-maturity of 8.5 million, an increase in property and equipment of 2.2 million due primarily to the purchase of property and equipment for a new branch office, and a reduction in FHLB advances of 7.0 million. Equity securities decreased by 1.9 million, or 9.5 , to 18.0 million at December 31, 2022 from 19.9 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease in equity securities was attributable to market depreciation of 1.9 million as market interest rates increased during the year ended December 31, 2022. Securities held-to-maturity increased by 8.5 million, or 47.6 , to 26.4 million at December 31, 2022 from 17.9 million at December 31, 2021 due primarily to the purchases of securities, partially offset by maturities and pay-downs. Loans, net of the allowance for loan losses, increased by 244.1 million, or 25.2 , to 1.2 billion at December 31, 2022 from 968.1 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in loans, net of the allowance for loan losses, was primarily due to loan originations of 700.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, consisting primarily of 580.7 million in construction loans with respect to which approximately 31.3 of the funds were disbursed at loan closings, with the remaining funds to be disbursed over the terms of the construction loans. Loan originations resulted in a net increase of 246.8 million in construction loans, 39.0 million in multi-family loans, and 277,000 in consumer loans. The increase in our loan portfolio was partially offset by decreases in non-residential loans of 24.7 million, commercial and industrial loans of 8.3 million, mixed-use loans of 6.8 million, and residential loans of 1.7 million, coupled with normal pay-downs and principal reductions. Premises and equipment increased by 2.2 million, or 9.0 , to 26.1 million at December 31, 2022 from 23.9 million at December 31, 2021 due to the acquisition of property and equipment for a new branch site located in Bloomingburg, New York. Investments in Federal Home Loan Bank stock decreased by 331,000, or 21.1 , to 1.2 million at December 31, 2022 from 1.6 million at December 31, 2021 due primarily to a reduction in mandatory Federal Home Loan Bank stock in connection with the maturity of 7.0 million in advances during the quarter ended March 31, 2022. Accrued interest receivable increased by 4.3 million, or 100.7 , to 8.6 million at December 31, 2022 from 4.3 million at December 31, 2021 due to an increase in the loan portfolio and seven interest rate increases in 2022 that resulted in an increase in the interest rates on loans in our construction loan portfolio. Foreclosed real estate decreased by 540,000, or 27.1 , to 1.5 million at December 31, 2022 from 2.0 million at December 31, 2021 due to a write down on the fair market value of the property because the increase in interest rates caused an increase in the capitalization rate thereby resulting in a reduction in the calculated fair market value of the property. Right of use assets operating decreased by 252,000, or 9.8 , to 2.3 million at December 31, 2022 from 2.6 million at December 31, 2021, primarily due to amortization. Other assets increased by 655,000, or 14.0 , to 5.3 million at December 31, 2022 from 4.7 million at December 31, 2021 due to increases in suspense accounts of 641,000, tax assets of 24,000, and prepaid expense of 12,000, partially offset by decreases in securities and principal receivables of 19,000 and miscellaneous assets of 2,000. Total deposits increased by 194.8 million, or 21.0 , to 1.1 billion at December 31, 2022 from 927.2 million at December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to increases in certificates of deposit of 90.7 million, or 31.0 , savings account balances of 88.9 million, or 48.1 , and non-interest bearing demand deposits of 45.4 million, or 13.7 . These increases were partially offset by a decrease in NOW/money market accounts of 30.3 million, or 25.6 , from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank advances decreased by 7.0 million, or 25.0 , to 21.0 million at December 31, 2022 from 28.0 million at December 31, 2021 due to maturity of borrowings. Advance payments by borrowers for taxes and insurance increased by 485,000, or 25.7 , to 2.4 million at December 31, 2022 from 1.9 million at December 31, 2021 due primarily to the accumulation of tax payments from borrowers. Lease liability operating decreased by 241,000, or 9.3 , to 2.4 million at December 31, 2022 from 2.6 million at December 31, 2021, primarily due to amortization. Accounts payable and accrued expenses increased by 1.2 million, or 9.0 , to 14.8 million at December 31, 2022 from 13.5 million at December 31, 2021 due primarily to an increase in accrued bonus expense of 1.1 million for employees. Stockholders equity increased by 10.6 million, or 4.2 to 262.0 million at December 31, 2022, from 251.4 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in stockholders equity was due to net income of 24.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a reduction of 869,000 in unearned employee stock ownership plan shares coupled with an increase of 206,000 in earned employee stock ownership plan shares, 295,000 in other comprehensive income, and 208,000 in the amortization of restricted stock and stock options awarded in connection with the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, partially offset by stock repurchases totaling 9.3 million and dividends paid and declared of 6.5 million. Loans Our loan portfolio consists primarily of construction loans, commercial and industrial loans, multifamily and mixed-use residential real estate loans and non-residential real estate loans. We also have a limited amount of one- to four-family residential real estate loans, which we no longer originate, and consumer loans, which we originate on a very limited basis. The following table shows the loan portfolio at the dates indicated: 

2022 2021 Amount Percent Amount Percent (Dollars in thousands) Residential real estate loans: One- to four-family 5,467 0.45 7,189 0.74 Multifamily 123,385 10.14 84,425 8.68 Mixed-use 21,902 1.80 28,744 2.95 Total residential real estate loans 150,754 12.39 120,358 12.37 Non-residential real estate loans 25,324 2.08 50,016 5.14 Construction loans 930,628 76.45 683,830 70.29 Commercial and industrial loans 110,069 9.04 118,378 12.17 Consumer loans 546 0.04 269 0.03 Total loans 1,217,321 100.00 972,851 100.00 Allowance for losses (5,474) (5,242) Deferred loan costs, net 372 484 Loans, net 1,212,219 968,093 Loan Maturity . The following table sets forth certain information at December 31, 2022 regarding the dollar amount of loan principal repayments becoming due during the periods indicated. The tables do not include any estimate of prepayments which significantly shorten the average life of all loans and may cause our actual repayment experience 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 to differ from that shown below. Demand loans having no stated schedule of repayments and no stated maturity are reported as due in one year or less. 

Non- One- to Residential Commercial Four- Multi- Mixed- Real and Total December 31, 2022 Family Family Use Estate Construction Industrial Consumer Loans (Dollars in thousands) Amounts due in: One year or less 7,487 2,207 4,452 500,530 70,203 544 585,423 More than 1-5 years 1,814 24,387 8,329 13,906 409,428 34,577 2 492,443 More than 5-15 years 314 87,012 10,920 6,841 20,670 5,289 131,046 More than 15 years 3,339 4,499 446 125 8,409 Total 5,467 123,385 21,902 25,324 930,628 110,069 546 1,217,321 The following table sets forth all loans at December 31, 2022 that are due after December 31, 2022 and have either fixed interest rates or floating or adjustable interest rates: 

Floating or Total at Fixed Rates Adjustable Rates December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Residential real estate loans: One- to four-family 3,278 2,190 5,468 Multifamily 57,616 58,282 115,898 Mixed-use 2,534 17,161 19,695 Non-residential real estate loans 4,878 15,995 20,873 Construction loans 12,469 417,628 430,097 Commercial and industrial loans 13,605 26,260 39,865 Consumer loans 2 2 Total 94,382 537,516 631,898 Securities Our investment portfolio consists primarily of mutual funds, residential mortgage-backed securities issued by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae primarily with stated final maturities of 10 years or more, and municipal securities with maturities of one year or more. The following table sets forth the stated maturities and weighted average yields of investment securities at December 31, 2022. Weighted average yields on tax-exempt securities are presented on a tax equivalent basis using a combined federal and state marginal rate of 24.9 . Certain securities have adjustable interest rates and will reprice monthly, quarterly, semi-annually or annually within the various maturity ranges. Equity securities are not included in the table based on lack of a maturity date. The table presents contractual maturities for mortgage-backed securities and does not reflect repricing or the effect of prepayments. 

Due after One but within Due after Five but within Due within One Year Five Years Ten Years Due after Ten Years Total Weighted Weighted Weighted Weighted Weighted Carrying Average Carrying Average Carrying Average Carrying Average Carrying Average December 31, 2022 Value Yield Value Yield Value Yield Value Yield Value Yield (Dollars in thousands) Securities available-for-sale: Mortgage-backed securities 1 2.92 1 2.92 Total available-for-sale 1 2.92 1 2.92 Securities held-to-maturity: Mortgage-backed securities 11 3.77 1,402 1.86 2,379 1.83 3,792 1.85 U.S. agency collateralized mortgage obligations 3,043 1.55 3,043 1.55 U.S. Treasury securities 10,014 2.25 10,014 2.25 Municipal bonds 549 1.36 1,597 1.43 1,665 1.45 5,735 1.45 9,546 1.44 Total held-to-maturity 10,563 2.20 1,608 1.45 3,067 1.64 11,157 1.56 26,395 1.82 Total investment securities 10,563 2.20 1,609 1.45 3,067 1.64 11,157 1.56 26,396 1.82 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Deposits Deposits are a major source of our funds for lending and other investment purposes, and our deposits are provided primarily by individuals within our market area. In addition, we rely on brokered, listing and military deposits, which represent a viable and cost effective addition to our deposit gathering and maintenance strategy, often at a lower all-in cost when compared to our retail branch network. Use of these types of deposits allows us to match the maturity of these deposits to the term of our construction loans. The following table sets forth the deposits as a percentage of total deposits for the dates indicated: 

At December 31, 2022 2021 Average Average Outstanding Average Outstanding Average Balance Percent Rate Balance Percent Rate (Dollars in thousands) Demand deposits: Non-interest bearing 355,118 36.31 260,529 32.52 NOW and money market 108,077 11.05 0.95 114,940 14.35 0.53 Total 463,195 47.36 0.18 375,469 46.87 0.14 Savings accounts 228,811 23.40 2.68 108,877 13.59 0.63 Certificates of deposit 285,991 29.24 2.52 316,690 39.54 0.97 Total 977,997 100.00 1.59 801,036 100.00 0.50 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate amount of uninsured deposits (deposits in amounts greater than or equal to 250,000, which is the maximum amount for federal deposit insurance) was 672.8 million and 548.2 million, respectively. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of all our uninsured certificates of deposit was 205.8 million. We have no deposits that are uninsured for any reason other than being in excess of the maximum amount for federal deposit insurance. The following table sets forth the portion of the Bank s certificates of deposit, by account, that are in excess of the FDIC insurance limit, by remaining time until maturity, as of December 31, 2022: 

At December 31, 2022 (In thousands) Maturity Period: Three months or less 9,613 Over three through six months 50,700 Over six through twelve months 69,464 Over twelve months 76,068 Total 205,845 Average Balance Sheets The following tables set forth average balance sheets, average yields and costs, and certain other information for the years indicated. No tax-equivalent yield adjustments have been made, as the effects would be immaterial. All average balances are daily average balances. Non-accrual loans were included in the computation of average balances. The yields set forth below include the effect of deferred fees, discounts, and premiums that are amortized or accreted to 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 interest income or interest expense. Deferred loan fees totaled 372,000 and 484,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Loan balances exclude loans held for sale. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Average Average Outstanding Average Outstanding Average Balance Interest Yield/Rate Balance Interest Yield/Rate (Dollars in thousands) Interest-earning assets: Loans receivable 1,054,577 69,992 6.64 866,518 47,898 5.53 Securities 42,771 681 1.59 23,026 320 1.39 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 1,299 69 5.31 1,576 71 4.51 Other interest-earning assets 101,999 1,260 1.24 91,999 115 0.13 Total interest-earning assets 1,200,646 72,002 6.00 983,119 48,404 4.92 Allowance for Loan Losses (5,387) (5,154) Noninterest-earning assets 79,835 72,855 Total assets 1,275,094 1,050,820 Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing demand deposits 108,077 918 0.85 114,940 696 0.61 Savings and club accounts 228,811 2,688 1.17 108,877 328 0.30 Certificates of deposit 285,991 3,938 1.38 316,690 3,335 1.05 Interest-bearing deposits 622,879 7,544 1.21 540,507 4,359 0.81 Federal Home Loan Bank advances and other 22,247 583 2.62 28,000 742 2.65 Total interest-bearing liabilities 645,126 8,127 1.26 568,507 5,101 0.90 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 355,118 260,529 Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 16,137 24,310 Total liabilities 1,016,381 853,346 Total shareholders equity 258,713 197,474 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 1,275,094 1,050,820 Net interest income 63,875 43,303 Net interest rate spread (1) 4.74 4.02 Net interest margin (3) 5.32 4.40 Net interest-earning assets (2) 555,520 414,612 Average interest-earning assets to interest-bearing liabilities 186.11 172.93 

 (1) Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the weighted average yield on interest-earning assets and the weighted average rate of interest-bearing liabilities. (2) Net interest-earning assets represent total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities. (3) Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets. 
 Rate/Volume Analysis The following table sets forth the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income. The rate column shows the effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume column shows the effects attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate). The total column represents the sum of the prior columns. or purposes of this table, changes attributable to both rate and volume, 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 which cannot be segregated, have been allocated proportionately based on the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume. 

Year Ended 12/31/2022 Compared to Year Ended 12/31/2021 Increase (Decrease) Due to Volume Rate Total (Dollars in thousands) Interest income: Loans receivable 11,479 10,615 22,094 Securities 309 52 361 Federal Home Loan Bank stock (14) 12 (2) Other interest-earning assets 14 1,131 1,145 Total 11,788 11,810 23,598 Interest expense: Interest bearing demand deposit (44) 266 222 Savings accounts 650 1,710 2,360 Certificates of deposits (347) 950 603 Borrowed money (151) (8) (159) Total 108 2,918 3,026 Net change in net interest income 11,680 8,892 20,572 Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Financial Highlights Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 24.8 million compared to net income of 11.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was greater than the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in net interest income and a decrease in provision for loan losses expense, partially offset by a decrease in non-interest income, an increase in non-interest expenses, and an increase in income tax expense. Summary Income Statements The following table sets forth the income summary for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, Change Fiscal 2022/2021 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Net interest income 63,875 43,303 20,572 11.03 Provision for loan losses 439 3,610 (3,171) 343.49 Non-interest income 1,683 2,354 (671) (6.33) Non-interest expenses 30,690 26,473 4,217 5.52 Income tax expense 9,586 3,669 5,917 11.79 Net income 24,843 11,905 12,938 (3.44) Return on average assets 1.95 1.13 Return on average equity 9.60 6.03 Net Interest Income Net interest income totaled 63.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 43.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net interest income of 20.6 million, or 47.5 , was primarily due to an increase in interest income that exceeded an increase in interest expense in a manner consistent with the increase in 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 interest rates attributable to the Federal Reserve s rate increases during the year ended December 31, 2022. In this regard, our yield on interest earning assets increased much greater than our cost of interest bearing liabilities as our yield on interest earning assets repriced faster due to higher rates than our cost of interest bearing liabilities. The increase in net interest income was also due to increases in loans and investment securities, partially offset by decreases in interest-bearing deposits at other financial institutions and Federal Home Loan Bank stock as we continued to grow the Company by leveraging the proceeds raised in our July 2021 second-step conversion. Interest and dividend income increased by 23.6 million, or 48.8 , due to an increase in the yield on interest earning assets by 107 basis points from 4.92 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 6.00 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and an increase in the average interest earning assets of 217.5 million, or 22.1 , from 983.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. Interest expense increased by 3.0 million, or 59.3 , due to an increase in average interest bearing liabilities of 76.6 million, or 13.5 , from 568.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 645.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and an increase in the cost of interest bearing liabilities by 36 basis points from 0.90 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1.26 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in the cost of interest bearing liabilities was also partially due to a shift to savings accounts from interest bearing certificates of deposits and interest bearing demand deposits as the average balances of savings accounts increased by 119.9 million, or 110.2 , from 108.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 228.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the same time period, the average balances of interest bearing certificates of deposits decreased by 30.7 million, or 9.7 , from 316.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 286.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the average balances of interest bearing demand deposits decreased by 6.9 million, or 6.0 , from 114.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 108.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in the average balances of interest bearing certificates of deposits occurred from January to August 2022 and was partially offset by an increase in the average balances of interest bearing certificates of deposits from September 2022 to December 2022. In addition, the average balances of our non-interest bearing demand deposits increased by 94.6 million, or 36.3 , from 260.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 355.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Net interest margin increased by 92 basis points, or 20.8 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 to 5.32 compared to 4.40 at December 31, 2021. Provision for Loan Losses. A provision for loan losses of 439,000 was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 3.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The provision for loan losses during 2022 was primarily attributable to charge-offs totaling 426,000 comprising of a 328,000 charge-off against one construction project in connection with the sale to a third party of the project s two non-performing loans precipitated by legal action between the two partners/borrowers in the project, an 86,000 charge-off against two mixed-used loans to a borrower in connection with the sale of the two performing troubled debt restructured loans to a third party, and a 34,000 charge-off against various unpaid overdrafts in our demand deposit accounts. The provision for loan losses recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to the charge-off of the previously disclosed non-residential bridge loan with a balance of 3.6 million secured by commercial real estate located in Greenwich, Connecticut. The loan is secured by commercial real estate located in Greenwich, Connecticut and guaranteed by the two borrowers. The loan originated in 2016 as a two-year bridge loan and, upon the borrower s failure to satisfy the loan at the maturity date, the loan was accelerated and a foreclosure action was instituted. Although the loan was fully charged-off, the loan remains in foreclosure and management and the borrower negotiated a standstill agreement which allows the borrowers to retain, at their own expense, the zoning and planning consultants necessary to obtain re-approvals from the town to proceed with the original planned residential condominium development. The Company intends to aggressively seek recovery of all amounts due from the personal guarantors of the loan. If successful against the guarantors, any recovery received would be added back to the allowance for loan losses and an analysis will be performed at that time to determine the appropriateness of the recovery into income. There has been no change in the status of the recovery action during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 We also charged-off 23,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021 against various unpaid overdrafts in our demand deposit accounts. We recorded recoveries of 242,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 comprised of recoveries of 146,000 regarding a previously charged-off multi-family property, 53,000 regarding a previously charged-off non-residential property, and 43,000 regarding a previously charged-off mixed-use property. We recorded recoveries of 160,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021 comprised primarily of recoveries of 150,000 regarding a previously charged-off multi-family property. Based on a review of the loans that were in our loan portfolio at December 31, 2022, management believes that the allowance is maintained at a level that represents its best estimate of inherent losses in the loan portfolio that were both probable and reasonably estimable. Management uses available information to establish the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses. Future additions or reductions to the allowance may be necessary based on estimates that are susceptible to change as a result of changes in economic conditions and other factors. As a result, our allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover actual loan losses, and future provisions for loan losses could materially adversely affect our operating results. In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review our allowance for loan losses. Such agencies may require us to recognize adjustments to the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. Non-Interest Income The following table sets forth a summary of non-interest income for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Other loan fees and service charges 1,994 1,568 Gain on disposition of equipment 98 7 Earnings on bank-owned life insurance 604 600 Investment advisory fees 474 514 Realized and unrealized loss on equity securities (1,573) (389) Other 86 54 Total 1,683 2,354 The decrease in total non-interest income was primarily due to an unrealized loss of 1.9 million in our equity securities, partially offset by a one-time capital gains distribution of 329,000 from our equity securities resulting in a net unrealized loss on equity securities of 1.6 million in 2022 compared to an unrealized loss of 389,000 in 2021. The net unrealized loss of 1.6 million on equity securities during the 2022 period was due to a rising interest rate environment and the Federal Reserve s interest rate increases during the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in total non-interest income was also due to a decrease of 40,000 in investment advisory fees, partially offset by an increase of 426,000 in other loan fees and service charges, an increase of 91,000 on gain from the sale of fixed assets, an increase of 31,000 in other non-interest income, and an increase of 5,000 in bank-owned life insurance income. The decrease in investment advisory fees was due to a decrease in assets under management of Harbor West and a decrease in commission income from Harbor West due to market conditions. The increase in other loan fees and service charges was due to increases of 375,000 in loan servicing fees and 194,000 in ATM and debit card usage fees, partially offset by decreases of 139,000 in loan fees and 3,000 in deposit accounts fees. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Non-Interest Expense The following table sets forth an analysis of non-interest expense for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Salaries and employee benefits 15,549 14,996 Occupancy expense 2,428 2,115 Equipment 1,107 993 Outside data processing 1,886 1,652 Advertising 299 139 Impairment loss on goodwill 451 Real estate owned expense 623 93 Other 8,347 6,485 Total 30,690 26,473 Non-interest expense increased by 4.2 million, or 15.9 , to 30.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 26.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase resulted primarily from increases of 1.9 million in other operating expense, 553,000 in salaries and employee benefits, 530,000 in real estate owned expense, 451,000 in goodwill impairment loss, 313,000 in occupancy expense, 234,000 in outside data processing expense, 160,000 in advertising expense, and 114,000 in equipment expense. Other non-interest expense increased by 1.9 million, or 28.7 , to 8.3 million in 2022 from 6.5 million in 2021 due mainly to increases of 880,000 in miscellaneous other non-interest expense, 534,000 in legal fees, 178,000 in service contracts expense, 135,000 in directors compensation, 69,000 in insurance expense, 68,000 in audit and accounting fees, 65,000 in recruitment expenses related to the hiring of additional personnel, 33,000 in telephone expense, and 8,000 in office supplies, partially offset by decreases of 94,000 in consulting services and 14,000 in directors, officers and employee expense. The increase of 880,000 in miscellaneous other non-interest expense was due to increases of 473,000 in FDIC insurance premiums and New York State regulatory assessments, 156,000 in public company expense, 129,000 in dues and subscriptions, and 111,000 in miscellaneous charge-offs and various over and short in branch operations. Salaries and employee benefits increased by 553,000, or 3.7 , to 15.5 million in 2022 from 15.0 million in 2021. The increase was due to an increase in bonuses paid to employees and loan production personnel and an increase in the number of full-time equivalent employees to 137 as of December 31, 2022 from 131 as of December 31, 2021. The increase in bonuses paid to employees and loan production personnel was due to the strong earnings and an increase in the loan portfolio in 2022. The increase in full-time equivalent employees was due to our efforts to expand our operations. Occupancy expense increased by 313,000, or 14.8 , to 2.4 million in 2022 from 2.1 million in 2021 primarily as a result of the cost of operating an additional branch office to accommodate our expansion. Equipment expense increased by 114,000, or 11.5 , to 1.1 million in 2022 from 993,000 in 2021 due to an increase in the purchases of additional equipment with the addition of a new branch office in 2022. Real estate owned expense increased by 530,000, or 569.9 , to 623,000 in 2022 from 93,000 in 2021 due to the write down of 540,000 in the value of the one foreclosed property in 2022, partially offset by a reduction of 10,000 in operating expenses to maintain the one real estate owned property in 2022. The write down of 540,000 on the fair market value of a foreclosed property was due to the increase in interest rates resulting in an increase in the capitalization rate thereby reducing the calculated fair market value of the property. Outside data processing expense increased by 234,000, or 14.2 , to 1.9 million in 2022 from 1.7 million in 2021 due to the cost of operating an additional branch and additional services required in 2022 to enable the company to expand. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 There was a goodwill impairment expense of 451,000 in 2022 compared to no goodwill impairment expense in 2021. The goodwill was recorded in connection with the acquisition of Harbor West Financial Planning Wealth Management Group in 2007, which is operated as a division of the Bank. The goodwill impairment in 2022 was caused primarily by the expected decrease in revenue from this division due to a decrease in clients and the resulting decrease in assets under management. Advertising expense increased by 160,000, or 115.1 , to 299,000 in 2022 from 139,000 in 2021 due mainly to the resumption of advertising and promotional products to promote the opening of an additional branch office. Income Taxes. The Company recorded income tax expense of 9.6 million and 3.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 740,000 in tax exempt income, compared to approximately 711,000 in tax exempt income for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company s effective income tax rates were 27.8 and 23.6 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Risk Management Overview Managing risk is an essential part of successfully managing a financial institution. Our most prominent risk exposures are credit risk, interest rate risk and market risk. Credit risk is the risk of not collecting the interest and/or the principal balance of a loan or investment when it is due. Interest rate risk is the potential reduction of interest income as a result of changes in interest rates. Market risk arises from fluctuations in interest rates that may result in changes in the values of financial instruments, such as available-for-sale securities that are accounted for at fair value. Other risks that we face are operational risk, liquidity risk and reputation risk. Operational risk includes risks related to fraud, regulatory compliance, processing errors, technology, and disaster recovery. Liquidity risk is the possible inability to fund obligations to depositors, lenders or borrowers. Reputation risk is the risk that negative publicity or press, whether true or not, could cause a decline in our customer base or revenue. Management of Credit Risk The objective of our credit risk management strategy is to quantify and manage credit risk and to limit the risk of loss resulting from an individual customer default. Our credit risk management strategy focuses on conservatism, an excellent knowledge of the communities we lend in, and significant levels of monitoring. Our lending practices include conservative exposure limits and underwriting, extensive documentation and collection standards. Our credit risk management strategy also emphasizes diversification at the borrower level as well as regular credit examinations, continuous site visits by executive management and management reviews of large credit exposures and credits that might experience deterioration of credit quality. As part of its risk management process, the Bank conducts stress testing on its commercial real estate portfolio, performs a global cash flow analysis for loans associated with multiple properties and/or guarantors and also operates a loan review program for all real estate loans (including construction loans) with terms more than 12 months. In addition, we track our board approved limits for each commercial real estate category on a monthly basis. Analysis of Non-Performing, Troubled Debt Restructurings and Classified Assets. Classified Assets . FDIC regulations and our Asset Classification Policy provide that loans and other assets considered to be of lesser quality be classified as substandard, doubtful or loss assets. An asset is considered substandard if it is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Substandard assets include those characterized by the distinct possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Assets classified as doubtful have all of the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses present make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. Assets classified as loss are those considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as assets without the establishment of a specific loss reserve is not warranted. We classify an asset as special mention if the asset has a potential weakness that warrants management s escalated level of attention. While 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 such assets are not impaired, management has concluded that if the potential weakness in the asset is not addressed, the value of the asset may deteriorate, adversely affecting the repayment of the asset. Loans classified as impaired for financial reporting purposes are generally those loans classified as substandard or doubtful for regulatory reporting purposes. An insured institution is required to establish allowances for loan losses in an amount deemed prudent by management for loans classified as substandard or doubtful, as well as for other problem loans. General allowances represent loss allowances which have been established to recognize the inherent losses associated with lending activities, but which, unlike specific allowances, have not been allocated to particular problem assets. When an insured institution classifies problem assets as loss, it is required to charge off such amounts. An institution s determination as to the classification of its assets and the amount of its valuation allowances is subject to review by the FDIC. The following table sets forth information with respect to our non-performing assets at the dates indicated. 

At December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Total non-accrual loans Total accruing loans past due 90 days or more Total non-performing loans Real estate owned 1,456 1,996 Total non-performing assets 1,456 5,568 Total non-performing loans to total loans Total non-performing assets to total assets 0.10 0.16 During the year ended December 31, 2022, non-performing assets decreased by 540,000, or 27.1 , to 1.5 million from 2.0 million as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in non-performing assets was primarily due to the previously disclosed write down of 540,000 in the value of the one foreclosed property in 2022. The write down of 540,000 on the fair market value of a foreclosed property was due to the increase in interest rates resulting in an increase in the capitalization rate thereby reducing the calculated fair market value of the property. We had no non-performing loans at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. In 2022, we collected no interest income from a loan that was in non-accrual status in 2022 and was charge-off in 2022. In 2021, we collected no interest income from a loan that was in non-accrual status in 2021 and was charge-off in 2021. From time to time, as part of our loss mitigation strategy, we may renegotiate the loan terms based on the economic or legal reasons related to the borrower s financial difficulties. There were no new troubled debt restructurings TDRs during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. TDRs may be considered to be non-performing and if so are placed on non-accrual, except for those that have established a sufficient performance history (generally a minimum of six consecutive months of performance) under the terms of the restructured loan. At December 31, 2021, four loans with aggregate balances of 1.6 million were considered TDRs but were performing in accordance with their restructured terms for the requisite period of time to be returned to accrual status. Of the four TDR loans at December 31, 2021, two of the TDR loans totaling 746,000 were to one borrower and secured by the same non-residential property that had a charge-off of 67,000 on one of the loans in prior years. The borrower satisfied these two loans in 2022 as noted in the following paragraph. The remaining two TDR loans with an aggregate balance of 855,000 at December 31, 2022 were to one borrower and secured by two adjacent non-residential properties but were performing in accordance with their restructured terms for the requisite period of time (generally at least six consecutive months) to be returned to accrual status. We subsequently sold these two loans to a third party on January 5, 2023 at a loss of 86,000. We had two impaired loans at December 31, 2022 totaling 855,000 consisting of the two aforementioned TDR loans that were subsequently sold to a third party in January 2023. We had four impaired loans at December 31, 2021 totaling 1.6 million consisting of the four aforementioned TDR loans whereby two of the impaired TDR loans totaling 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 746,000 loans were satisfied in 2022 and the other two impaired TDR loans totaling 855,000 were sold to a third party on January 5, 2023 at a loss of 86,000. The following table summarizes classified and criticized assets of all portfolio types at the dates indicated: 

At December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Classified loans: Substandard 855 746 Doubtful Loss Total classified loans 855 746 Special mention 946 Total criticized loans 1,801 746 On the basis of management s review of our assets, we had one loan totaling 946,000 classified as special mention at December 31, 2022 compared to no assets classified as special mention at December 31, 2021. In addition, we classified 855,000 as substandard at December 31, 2022 compared to 746,000 at December 31, 2021. There were no assets classified as doubtful or loss at December 31, 2022 or 2021. The loan portfolio is reviewed on a regular basis to determine whether any loans require classification in accordance with applicable regulations. Not all classified assets constitute non-performing assets. The increase in special mention assets was due to the deterioration of the property securing the only special mention loan as of December 31, 2022. The increase in substandard assets was primarily due to the addition of two performing mixed-use mortgage loans totaling 855,000 that were classified as TDRs and as substandard because we incurred a loss of 83,000 on the sale to a third-party of these two loans on January 5, 2023, partially offset by the satisfaction in 2022 of two performing non-residential mortgage loans totaling 746,000 that were classified as TDRs and impaired loans but has been performing and management decided at classified as substandard at December 31, 2021. For more information, see the discussion of TDR loans included above. Delinquent Loans The following table provides information about delinquencies in our loan portfolio at the dates indicated: 

At December 31, 2022 2021 Days Past Due Days Past Due 30 59 60 89 90 or more 30 59 60 89 90 or more (In thousands) Residential real estate loans: Multi-family 946 Non-residential real estate loans Total 946 Analysis and Determination of the Allowance for Loan Losses Our allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level necessary to absorb loan losses which are both probable and reasonably estimable. Management, in determining the allowance for loan losses, considers the losses inherent in its loan portfolio and changes in the nature and volume of loan activities, along with the general economic and real estate market conditions. We utilize a two-tier approach: (1) identification of impaired loans; and (2) establishment of general valuation allowances on the remainder of our loan portfolio. We maintain a loan review system, which allows for a periodic review of our loan portfolio and the early identification of potential impaired loans. Such system takes into consideration, among other things, delinquency status, size of loans, type and market value of collateral and financial condition of the borrowers. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2012, we discontinued the use of specific allowances. If an impairment is identified, we now charge off the impaired portion immediately. A loan evaluated for impairment is 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 considered to be impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. All loans identified as impaired are evaluated independently. We do not aggregate such loans for evaluation purposes. Loan impairment is measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or, as a practical expedient, at the loan s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. The interest on these loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual status. Should full collection of principal be expected, cash collected on non-accrual loans can be recognized as interest income. The general component consists of quantitative and qualitative factors and covers non-impaired loans. The quantitative factors are based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors. This actual loss experience is supplemented with other qualitative factors based on the risks present for each portfolio segment. These qualitative factors include consideration of the following: Levels and trends in delinquencies and impaired loans; Levels and trends in charge-offs and recoveries; Trends in volume and terms of loans; Effects of any changes in risk selection and underwriting standards; Changes in the value of underlying collateral for collateral-dependent loans Other changes in lending policies, procedures and practices; Experience, ability and depth of lending management and other relevant staff; National and local economic trends and conditions; Industry conditions; and Effects of changes in credit concentrations. 
 The allowance is increased through provisions charged against current earnings, and offset by recoveries of previously charged-off loans. Loans which are determined to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance. Management uses available information to recognize probable and reasonably estimable loan losses, but future loss provisions may be necessary based on changing economic conditions. The allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was maintained at a level that represents management s best estimate of losses inherent in the loan portfolio. In addition, the FDIC and the New York State Department of Financial Services, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review our allowance for loan losses and could require us to increase our allowance for loan losses. Each quarter, management evaluates the total balance of the allowance for loan losses based on several factors that are not loan specific, but are reflective of the inherent losses in the loan portfolio. This process includes, but is not limited to, a periodic review of loan collectability in light of historical experience, the nature and volume of loan activity, conditions that may affect the ability of the borrower to repay, underlying value of collateral, if applicable, and economic conditions in our market areas. First, we group loans by delinquency status. All loans 90 days or more delinquent and all loans classified as substandard or doubtful are evaluated individually, based primarily on the value of the collateral securing the loan. Loans are segregated by type and delinquency status and a loss allowance is established by using loss experience data and management s judgment concerning other matters it considers significant. The allowance is allocated to each category of loan based on the results of the above analysis. This analysis process is inherently subjective, as it requires us to make estimates that are susceptible to revisions as more information becomes available. Although we believe that we have established the allowance at a level 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 to absorb probable and estimable losses, additions may be necessary if economic or other conditions in the future differ from the current environment. The following table sets forth the breakdown of the allowance for loan losses by loan category at the dates indicated: 

At December 31, 2022 2021 of Allowance of Loans in of Allowance of Loans in Amount to Total Category to Total Amount to Total Category to Total Amount Allowance Loans Amount Allowance Loans (Dollars in thousands) Residential real estate loans: One- to four-family 11 0.20 0.45 17 0.32 0.74 Multifamily 479 8.75 10.14 481 9.18 8.68 Mixed-use 38 0.69 1.73 73 1.39 2.95 Non-residential real estate loans 131 2.39 2.08 381 7.27 5.14 Construction loans 3,835 70.06 75.32 3,143 59.96 70.29 Commercial and industrial 955 17.45 10.24 973 18.56 12.17 Consumer loans 18 0.33 0.04 10 0.19 0.03 Total general allowance 5,467 99.87 100.00 5,078 96.87 100.00 Unallocated 7 0.13 164 3 Total allowance for loan losses 5,474 100.00 100.00 5,242 100.00 100.00 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth an analysis of the activity in the allowance for loan losses for the periods indicated: 

At or For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Total loans net of deferred fees 1,217,693 973,335 Average loans outstanding 1,054,577 866,518 Allowance at beginning of period 5,242 5,088 Net charge-offs: Residential real estate loans: One- to four-family Multifamily (150) Mixed-use (103) Total residential real estate loans (103) (150) Non-residential real estate loans (53) 3,591 Construction loans 328 Commercial and industrial loans Consumer loans 35 15 Total net charge-offs 207 3,456 Provision for loan losses 439 3,610 Allowance at end of period 5,474 5,242 Average loan outstanding: Residential real estate loans: One- to four-family 6,213 5,490 Multifamily 83,907 84,748 Mixed-use 24,333 28,263 Total residential real estate loans 114,453 118,501 Non-residential real estate loans 33,531 52,094 Construction loans 795,340 602,585 Commercial and industrial loans 110,452 93,101 Consumer loans 501 237 Total 1,054,277 866,518 Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans outstanding Residential real estate loans: One- to four-family Multifamily (0.18) Mixed-use (0.42) Total residential real estate loans (0.09) (0.13) Non-residential real estate loans (0.16) 6.89 Construction loans 0.04 Commercial and industrial loans Consumer loans 6.99 6.33 Total net charge-offs 0.02 0.40 Credit Quality Ratios: As a percentage of year-end loans, net of unearned income: Allowance for loan loss 0.45 0.54 Nonaccrual loans Nonperforming loans Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 The allowance for loan losses increased by 232,000 to 5.5 million at December 31, 2022 from 5.2 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in the allowances for loan losses was due primarily to provision for loan losses of 439,000, which reflected the charge-off of 449,000 which had an unfavorable impact on the historical loss factors, and increases in the construction loan and consumer loan portfolio, partially offset by decreases in the residential, mixed-use, and non-residential mortgage loan portfolio and the commercial and industrial loan portfolio. The allowance for loan losses was also impacted the reduction of the TDRs in 2022. We had recoveries totaling 241,000 in 2022 and 160,000 in 2021. The historical loss percentage factor for multifamily, non-residential, and commercial and industrial loans declined while the historical loss percentage factor for mixed-use, construction, and consumer loans increased. The historical loss percentage factor declined because one single charge-off of 152,000 in 2017 for multifamily loans, one single loan charge-off of 125,000 in 2017 for non-residential loans were out of the historical loss look back period, and therefore were not included in the historical loss rate calculation at December 31, 2022. The historical loss percentage factor for commercial and industrial loans decreased due to decreased historical loss as a percentage of total historical loss over the years. The historical loss percentage factor for mixed-use, construction, and consumer loans increased due to loan charge-offs in 2022. Other adjustments in provision for loan loss include movements in the qualitative factors as risks in each respective segment change. Loans evaluated collectively totaled 1.2 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to 971.2 million at December 31, 2021. Loans evaluated individually totaled 855,000 at December 31, 2022 compared to 1.6 million at December 31, 2021. Interest Rate Risk Management Interest rate risk is defined as the exposure to current and future earnings and capital that arises from adverse movements in interest rates. Depending on a bank s asset/liability structure, adverse movements in interest rates could be either rising or falling interest rates. For example, a bank with predominantly long-term fixed-rate assets and short-term liabilities could have an adverse earnings exposure to a rising rate environment. Conversely, a short-term or variable-rate asset base funded by longer-term liabilities could be negatively affected by falling rates. This is referred to as re-pricing or maturity mismatch risk. Interest rate risk also arises from changes in the slope of the yield curve (yield curve risk), from imperfect correlations in the adjustment of rates earned and paid on different instruments with otherwise similar re-pricing characteristics (basis risk), and from interest rate related options embedded in our assets and liabilities (option risk). Our objective is to manage our interest rate risk by determining whether a given movement in interest rates affects our net interest income and the market value of our portfolio equity in a positive or negative way and to execute strategies to maintain interest rate risk within established limits. The results at December 31, 2022 indicate the level of risk within the parameters of our model. Our management believes that the December 31, 2022 results indicate a profile that reflects interest rate risk exposures in both rising and declining rate environments for both net interest income and economic value. Model Simulation Analysis. We view interest rate risk from two different perspectives. The traditional accounting perspective, which defines and measures interest rate risk as the change in net interest income and earnings caused by a change in interest rates, provides the best view of short-term interest rate risk exposure. We also view interest rate risk from an economic perspective, which defines and measures interest rate risk as the change in the market value of portfolio equity caused by changes in the values of assets and liabilities, which fluctuate due to changes in interest rates. The market value of portfolio equity, also referred to as the economic value of equity, is defined as the present value of future cash flows from existing assets, minus the present value of future cash flows from existing liabilities. These two perspectives give rise to income simulation and economic value simulation, each of which presents a unique picture of our risk of any movement in interest rates. Income simulation identifies the timing and magnitude of changes in income resulting from changes in prevailing interest rates over a short-term time horizon (usually one or two years). Economic value simulation reflects the interest rate sensitivity of assets and liabilities in a more 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 comprehensive fashion, reflecting all future time periods. It can identify the quantity of interest rate risk as a function of the changes in the economic values of assets and liabilities, and the corresponding change in the economic value of equity of the Bank. Both types of simulation assist in identifying, measuring, monitoring and controlling interest rate risk and are employed by management to ensure that variations in interest rate risk exposure will be maintained within policy guidelines. We produce these simulation reports and discuss them with our management Asset and Liability Committee on a quarterly basis. The simulation reports compare baseline (no interest rate change) to the results of an interest rate shock, to illustrate the specific impact of the interest rate scenario tested on income and equity. The model, which incorporates asset and liability rate information, simulates the effect of various interest rate movements on income and equity value. The reports identify and measure our interest rate risk exposure present in our current asset/liability structure. Management considers both a static (current position) and dynamic (forecast changes in volume) analysis as well as non-parallel and gradual changes in interest rates and the yield curve in assessing interest rate exposures. If the results produce quantifiable interest rate risk exposure beyond our limits, then the testing will have served as a monitoring mechanism to allow us to initiate asset/liability strategies designed to reduce and therefore mitigate interest rate risk. The table below sets forth an approximation of our interest rate risk exposure. The simulation uses projected repricing of assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022. The income simulation analysis presented represents a one-year impact of the interest scenario assuming a static balance sheet. Various assumptions are made regarding the prepayment speed and optionality of loans, investment securities and deposits, which are based on analysis and market information. The assumptions regarding optionality, such as prepayments of loans and the effective lives and repricing of non-maturity deposit products, are documented periodically through evaluation of current market conditions and historical correlations to our specific asset and liability products under varying interest rate scenarios. Because the prospective effects of hypothetical interest rate changes are based on a number of assumptions, these computations should not be relied upon as indicative of actual results. While we believe such assumptions to be reasonable, assumed prepayment rates may not approximate actual future prepayment activity on mortgage-backed securities or agency issued collateralized obligations (secured by one- to four-family loans and multifamily loans). Further, the computation does not reflect any actions that management may undertake in response to changes in interest rates and assumes a constant asset base. Management periodically reviews the rate assumptions based on existing and projected economic conditions and consults with industry experts to validate our model and simulation results. The table below sets forth, as of December 31, 2022, the Bank s net portfolio value, the estimated changes in our net portfolio value and net interest income that would result from the designated instantaneous parallel changes in market interest rates. 

Twelve Month Net Interest Income Net Portfolio Value Percent Percent Change in Interest Rates (Basis Points) of Change Estimated NPV of Change +200 19.92 314,474 5.00 +100 9.98 308,494 3.00 0 299,513 -100 (10.75) 287,788 (3.91) As of December 31, 2022, based on the scenarios above, net interest income would increase by approximately 9.98 to 19.92 , over a one-year time horizon in a rising interest rate environment. One-year net interest income would decrease by approximately 10.75 in a declining interest rate environment over the same period. Conversely, economic value at risk would be negatively impacted by a rise in interest rates. We have established an interest rate floor of zero percent for measuring interest rate risk. The difference between the two results reflects the relatively long terms of a portion of our assets which is captured by the economic value at risk but has less impact on the one year net interest income sensitivity. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Overall, our December 31, 2022 results indicate that we are adequately positioned with an acceptable net interest income and economic value at risk and that all interest rate risk results continue to be within our policy guidelines. Liquidity and Capital Resources We maintain liquid assets at levels we believe are adequate to meet our liquidity needs. We established a liquidity ratio policy that identify three liquidity ratios consisting of (1) Cash/Deposits Short Term Borrowings Cash Liquidity ), (2) Cash Investments/Deposits Short Term Borrowings On Balance Sheet Liquidity ), and (3) Cash Investments Borrowing Capacity/Deposits Short Term Borrowings On Balance Sheet Liquidity Borrowing Capacity to assist in the management of our liquidity. We also establish targets of 2.0 for the Cash Liquidity ratio, 8.0 for the On Balance Sheet Liquidity ratio, and 20.0 for the On Balance Sheet Liquidity Borrowing Capacity ratio. Our Cash Liquidity ratio, On Balance Sheet Liquidity ratio, and On Balance Sheet Liquidity Borrowing Capacity ratio averaged 11.2 , 15.5 , and 19.0 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 12.7 , 15.7 , and 21.7 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021. We adjust our liquidity levels to fund deposit outflows, pay real estate taxes on real estate loans, repay our borrowings, and to fund loan commitments. We also adjust liquidity as appropriate to meet asset and liability management objectives. However, during the existing low interest rate environment, we have strategically allowed these metrics to fall below the minimum thresholds at times to provide for the effective management of extension risk and other interest rate risks. Our liquidity ratios cannot be calculated using amounts disclosed in our consolidated financial statements, as many of the calculations involve monthly, quarterly or annual averages. To calculate our liquidity ratios, the average liquidity base from the prior month is used as the denominator to calculate a daily liquidity ratio. The liquidity base consists of savings account balances, certificates of deposit balances, checking and money market balances, deposit loans and borrowings. The daily balances of these components are averaged to arrive at the liquidity base for the month, and the daily cash balances in selected general ledger accounts are used to derive our liquidity position. A daily liquidity ratio is calculated using the liquidity for the day divided by the prior month s average liquidity base. At the end of each month, a monthly liquidity position is calculated using the average liquidity position for the month divided by the prior month s average liquidity base. To calculate quarterly and annual liquidity ratios, we take the average liquidity for the three- or twelve-month period, respectively, and average it. Our primary sources of liquidity are deposits, amortization and prepayment of loans and mortgage-backed securities, maturities of investment securities, other short-term investments, earnings, and funds provided from operations. While scheduled principal repayments on loans and mortgage-backed securities are a relatively predictable source of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by market interest rates, economic conditions, and rates offered by our competition. We set the interest rates on our deposits to maintain a desired level of total deposits. In addition, we invest excess funds in short-term interest-earning assets, which provide liquidity to meet lending requirements. Our cash flows are derived from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities as reported in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows included with the Consolidated Financial Statements which begin on page F-1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. Our primary investing activities are the origination of construction loans, commercial and industrial loans, multifamily loans, and to a lesser extent, mixed-use real estate loans and other loans. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our loan originations totaled 700.1 million and 727.3 million, respectively. Cash received from the sales, calls, maturities and pay-downs on securities totaled 1.5 million and 4.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We purchased 10.0 million and 25.3 million in securities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Deposit flows are generally affected by the level of interest rates we offer, the interest rates and products offered by local competitors, and other factors. Total deposits increased by 194.8 million at December 31, 2022 due to 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 increases in non-interest bearing demand deposits, savings account deposits, and certificates of deposits, offset by a decrease in NOW/money market balances. Liquidity management is both a daily and long-term function of business management. If we require funds beyond our ability to generate them internally, borrowing agreements exist with the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York to provide advances. As a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, we are required to own capital stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York and are authorized to apply for advances on the security of such stock and certain of our mortgage loans and other assets (principally securities which are obligations of, or guaranteed by, the United States), provided certain standards related to credit-worthiness have been met. We had an available borrowing limit of 31.5 million and 29.4 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Federal Home Loan Bank advances were 21.0 million and 28.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, we have a borrowing agreement with Atlantic Community Bankers Bank ACBB to provide short-term borrowings of 8.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were no outstanding borrowings with ACBB at December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022, we had unfunded commitments on construction loans of 637.4 million, outstanding commitments to originate loans of 164.9 million, unfunded commitments under lines of credit of 133.9 million, and unfunded standby letters of credit of 12.5 million. At December 31, 2022, certificates of deposit scheduled to mature in less than one year totaled 258.9 million. Based on prior experience, management believes that a significant portion of such deposits will remain with us, although there can be no assurance that this will be the case. In the event a significant portion of our deposits are not retained by us, we will have to utilize other funding sources, such as various types of sourced deposits, and/or Federal Home Loan Bank advances, in order to maintain our level of assets. Alternatively, we could reduce our level of liquid assets, such as our cash and cash equivalents. In addition, the cost of such deposits may be significantly higher or lower depending on market interest rates at the time of renewal. The Company is a separate legal entity from the Bank and must provide for its own liquidity. In addition to its operating expenses, The Company is responsible for paying any dividends declared to its stockholders, and interest and principal on outstanding debt, if any. The Company s primary sources of income are interest income derived from investments in loans and interest bearing accounts at other financial institutions and dividends received from the Bank. At December 31, 2022, the Company had liquid assets of 20.3 million. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements For the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not engage in any off-balance sheet transactions reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash-flows. Recent Accounting Pronouncements For a discussion of the impact of recent accounting pronouncements, see note 24 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements of the Company included in this report. Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices The consolidated financial statements and related notes of the have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which generally requires the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without consideration for changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. The primary impact of inflation is reflected in the increased cost of our operations. Unlike industrial companies, our assets and liabilities are primarily monetary in nature. As a result, changes in market interest rates have a greater impact on performance than the effects of inflation. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The information required by this item is included herein beginning on page F-1. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISLCOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure (1) that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms; and (2) that they are alerted in a timely manner about material information relating to the Company required to be filed in its periodic Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Company s system of internal control over financial reporting has been designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Any system of internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations, including the possibility that a control can be circumvented or overridden and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time. Accordingly, even an effective system of internal control will provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. The Company s management has, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. To make this assessment, we used the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our assessment and based on such criteria, we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. During the quarter and year ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTION THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS None. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Directors and Executive Officers The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to Item 1: Business Executive Officers in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to the sections captioned Proposal 1 Election of Directors , and Corporate Governance in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Proxy Statement ). Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 The information required by this item with respect to any delinquent reports filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is incorporated herein by referenced to the Proxy Statement. Code of Ethics and Business Conduct The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that is designed to ensure that the Company s directors and employees meet the highest standards of ethical conduct. The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, which applies to all employees and directors, addresses conflicts of interest, the treatment of confidential information, general employee conduct and compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. In addition, the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct, the avoidance of conflicts of interest, full and accurate disclosure and compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. A copy of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is available in the Investor Relations section of our website (www.necb.com). ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Executive Compensation in the Proxy Statement. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Security Ownership in the Proxy Statement. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections captioned Proposal 1 Election of Directors , Policies and Procedures for Approval of Related Persons Transactions, Transactions with Related Persons and Corporate Governance in the Proxy Statement. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Proposal 2 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Proxy Statement. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (1) The financial statements required in response to this item are incorporated herein by reference from Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (2) All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not required or applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. (3) Exhibits No. Description Location 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253982), initially filed on March 8, 2021 3.2 Bylaws of NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253982), initially filed on March 8, 2021 4.0 Specimen Stock Certificate of NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.0 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253982), initially filed on March 8, 2021 4.1 Description of NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc. s Common Stock Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed herewith 10.1 Employment Agreement by and between NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc., NorthEast Community Bank and Kenneth A. Martinek+ Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253982), initially filed on March 8, 2021 10.2 Employment Agreement by and between NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc., NorthEast Community Bank and Jose M. Collazo+ Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253982), initially filed on March 8, 2021 10.3 NorthEast Community Bank Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan+ Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253982), initially filed on March 8, 2021 10.4 NorthEast Community Bank Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated+ Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253982), initially filed on March 8, 2021 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 10.5 NorthEast Community Bank Outside Director Retirement Plan+ Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253982), initially filed on March 8, 2021 10.6 NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc. Stock-Based Deferred Compensation Plan+ Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253982), initially filed on March 8, 2021 10.7 NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan+ Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Materials on Schedule 14A (File No. 001-40589), filed on August 19, 2022 10.8 Agreement by and between NorthEast Community Bancorp, MHC, NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc. and NorthEast Community Bank and Stilwell Activist Fund, L.P., Stilwell Activist Investments, L.P., Stilwell Partners, L.P. and Joseph Stilwell Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253982), initially filed on March 8, 2021 21.0 Subsidiaries Filed herewith 23.1 Consent of S.R. Snodgrass, P.C. Filed herewith 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer Filed herewith 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer Filed herewith 32 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Filed herewith 101.0 The following materials from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Filed herewith 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith + Management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY Not applicable. 
 55 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated statement of financial condition of NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc., and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ (PCAOB ID 000 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. March 30, 2023 
 F- 1 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) ASSETS Cash and amounts due from depository institutions Interest-bearing deposits Total cash and cash equivalents Certificates of deposit Equity securities Securities available-for-sale, at fair value Securities held-to-maturity (fair value of and , respectively) Loans receivable Deferred loan costs, net Allowance for loan losses ) ) Net loans Premises and equipment, net Investments in restricted stock, at cost Bank owned life insurance Accrued interest receivable Goodwill Real estate owned Property held for investment Right of Use Assets Operating Right of Use Assets Financing Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities: Deposits: Non-interest bearing Interest bearing Total deposits Advance payments by borrowers for taxes and insurance Federal Home Loan Bank advances Lease Liability Operating Lease Liability Financing Accounts payable and accrued expenses Total liabilities 
 F- 2 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition (Continued) 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued or outstanding Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares and shares issued and outstanding , respectively Additional paid-in capital Unearned Employee Stock Ownership Plan ESOP shares ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 3 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands, except per share amounts) INTEREST INCOME: Loans Interest-earning deposits Securities Total Interest Income INTEREST EXPENSE: Deposits Borrowings Financing lease Total Interest Expense Net Interest Income Provision for loan loss Net Interest Income after Provision for Loan Losses NON-INTEREST INCOME: Other loan fees and service charges Gain on disposition of equipment Earnings on bank owned life insurance Investment advisory fees Realized and unrealized loss on equity securities ) ) Other Total Non-Interest Income NON-INTEREST EXPENSES: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy expense Equipment Outside data processing Advertising Impairment loss on goodwill - Real estate owned expense Other Total Non-Interest Expenses INCOME BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES NET INCOME EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE BASIC EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE DILUTED NA WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING BASIC WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING DILUTED NA See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 4 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Net Income Other comprehensive income: Defined benefit pension: Reclassification adjustments out of accumulated other comprehensive income: Amortization of actuarial loss Actuarial gain arising during period Total Income tax effect ) ) Total other comprehensive income Total Comprehensive Income 

 (1) (2) See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Accumulated Additional Other Number of Common Paid- in Unearned Retained Treasury Comprehensive Shares Stock Capital ESOP Shares Earnings Stock Loss Total (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) Balance December 31, 2021 ) - ) Net income Other comprehensive income Cash dividend declared per share) ) ) Stock Repurchases ) ) ) ) Restricted stock award ) Compensation expense related to restricted stock awards Compensation expense related to stock options ESOP shares earned Balance December 31, 2022 ) - Accumulated Additional Other Number of Common Paid- in Unearned Retained Treasury Comprehensive Shares Stock Capital ESOP Shares Earnings Stock Loss Total (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) Balance December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Net income - Other comprehensive income Cash dividend declared per share) ) ) ESOP shares earned Purchase of unearned common stock held by employee stock ownership plan ) ) Second-step conversion and stock offering: Conversion of existing shares MHC shares sold in public offering, net of cost Retirement of NECB, MHC shares ) Fractional shares resulting from conversion of existing shares ) Treasury stock retired ) Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) Shares amounts related to periods prior to the July 12, 2021 closing of the Company s second-step conversion offering have been restated to give retroactive recognition to the exchange ratio applied in the conversion offering. See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net amortization (accretion) of securities premiums and discounts, net ) Provision for loan losses Depreciation Net amortization of deferred loan fees and costs Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) Realized and Unrealized loss recognized on equity securities Impairment of goodwill - Impairment of real estate owned - Earnings on bank owned life insurance ) ) Gain on dispositions of premises and equipment ) ) ESOP compensation expense Compensation expense related to stock options - Compensation expense related to restricted stock - Increase in accrued interest receivable ) ) Decrease in other assets (Decrease) increase in accounts payable - loan closing ) Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Net increase in loans ) ) Proceeds from sale of loans Purchase of loans ) Principal repayments on securities available-for-sale Principal repayments on securities held-to-maturity Purchase of marketable equity securities ) Purchase of securities held-to-maturity ) ) Proceeds from sale of fixed assets Redemptions of restricted stock Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Net Cash Used in Investing Activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Net increase in deposits Repayment of FHLB of NY advances ) Loan to ESOP ) Issuance of common stock funded by stock subscriptions Stock repurchases ) Increase (decrease) in advance payments by borrowers for taxes and insurance ) Cash dividends paid ) ) Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents Beginning Cash and Cash Equivalents Ending 
 F- 7 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Supplementary Cash Flows Information: Income taxes paid Interest paid Supplementary Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: Recognition of right of use asset operating Recognition of lease liability operating Dividends declared and not paid See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 8 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 million, a total of shares of common stock at per share. As part of the second-step conversion, each of the existing outstanding shares of Mid-Tier Holding Company common stock owned by persons other than NorthEast Community Bancorp, MHC was converted into shares of Company common stock. As a result of the second-step conversion, all share information has been subsequently revised to reflect the exchange ratio, unless otherwise noted. The Bank is a New York State-chartered savings bank and the Company s primary activity is the ownership and operation of the Bank. The Bank is headquartered in White Plains, New York. The Bank was founded in 1934 and is a community oriented financial institution dedicated to serving the financial services needs of individuals and businesses within its market area. The Bank currently conducts business through its branch offices located in Bronx, New York, Orange, Rockland, and Sullivan Counties in New York and Essex, Middlesex and Norfolk Counties in Massachusetts and loan production offices located in White Plains, New York, New City, New York and Danvers, Massachusetts. The Bank s principal business consists of originating primarily construction loans and, to a lesser extent, commercial and industrial loans and multifamily and mixed-use residential real estate loans and non-residential real estate loans. The Bank offers a variety of retail deposit products to the general public in the areas surrounding its main office and its branch offices, with interest rates that are competitive with those of similar products offered by other financial institutions operating in its market area. The Bank also utilizes borrowings as a source of funds. The Bank s revenues are derived primarily from interest on loans and, to a lesser extent, interest on investment securities and mortgage-backed securities. The Bank also generates revenues from other income including deposit fees, service charges and investment advisory fees. The Bank also offers investment advisory and financial planning services under the name Harbor West Wealth Management Group, a division of the Bank, through a networking arrangement with a registered broker-dealer and investment advisor. New England Commercial Properties LLC NECP ), a New York limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, was formed in October 2007 to facilitate the purchase or lease of real property by the Bank. New England Commercial Properties, LLC currently owns foreclosed property located in Pennsylvania. NECB Financial Services Group, LLC NECB Financial ), a New York limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, was formed in the third quarter of 2012 as a complement to Harbor West Wealth Management Group to sell life insurance and fixed rate annuities. NECB Financial is licensed in the States of New York and Connecticut. 
 F- 9 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F- 10 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 
 F- 11 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 
 F- 12 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F- 13 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 million and million in the Bronx, million and million in the Village of Spring Valley, million and million in the Hamlet of Monsey, million and million in Brooklyn, and million and million in the Town of Monroe. The Company also had deposits in excess of the FDIC insurance limit at other financial institutions. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, such deposits totaled million and million held by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, million and million held by the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, and million and million held by Atlantic Community Bankers Bank ACBB ). Generally, deposits in excess of 250,000 are not insured by the FDIC. 
 F- 14 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Building improvements Leasehold improvements Furnishings and equipment Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations in the years incurred. Property and equipment are evaluated for impairment periodically whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. In evaluating property and equipment for recoverability, we use our best estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. To the extent that estimated future undiscounted net cash flows attributable to the asset are less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the difference between the carrying value of such asset and its fair value. The Company did not have impairment recorded for property and equipment in 2022 and 2021. million and million in FHLB stock, and and in ACBB stocks. and , respectively, and consists of goodwill acquired in the business combination completed by the Company in November 2007. The Company tests goodwill during the fourth quarter of each year for impairment, or more frequently if certain indicators are present or changes in circumstances suggest that impairment may exist. The Company utilizes a two-step approach. The first step requires a comparison of the carrying value of the reporting unit to the fair value of the unit. The Company estimates the fair value of the reporting unit through internal analyses and external valuation, which utilizes an income approach based on the present value of future cash flows. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, impairment exists and the Company will perform the second step of the goodwill impairment test to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any. The second step of the goodwill impairment test, if necessary, compares the implied fair value of a reporting unit s goodwill with its carrying value. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner that the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination is determined. The Company allocates the fair value of the reporting unit to all of the assets and liabilities of that unit, including identifiable intangible assets, as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination. Any excess of the value of a reporting unit over the amounts assigned to its assets and liabilities is the implied fair value of goodwill. Impairment charges of were recorded in 2022 due to increased capitalization rate when evaluating the investment value of the goodwill. impairment charges were recorded in 2021. 
 F- 15 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) in 2022 due to increased capitalization rate in evaluating the fair value of the properties. write-downs were recorded in 2021. to for buildings and to for building improvements. Property held for investment is evaluated for impairment periodically whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. In evaluating property held for investment for recoverability, we use our best estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. To the extent that estimated future undiscounted net cash flows attributable to the asset are less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the difference between the carrying value of such asset and its fair value. The Company did not have impairment recorded for property held for investment in 2022 and 2021. such amounts during the years ended December 
 F- 16 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 and included in prior service cost and actuarial losses of the DRP net of of related deferred income taxes. At December 31, 2021, accumulated other comprehensive loss totaled and included in prior service cost and actuarial losses of the DRP net of of related deferred income taxes. Weighted average shares issued Less: Weighted average treasury shares ) Less: Weighted average unearned ESOP shares ) ) Less: Weighted average unvested restricted shares ) Basic weighted average shares outstanding Add: Dilutive effect of restricted stock NA Add: Dilutive effect of stock option NA Diluted weighted average shares outstanding NA Net income per share Basic Diluted NA There were stock options outstanding at December 31, 2022 that were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 F- 17 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) shares of common stock, par value of per share, and shares of preferred stock, par value of per share. Each share of common stock has the same relative rights as, and is identical in all respects with, each other share of common stock. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has issued and outstanding and shares of common stock. The Company has not issued any preferred stock. 
 F- 18 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 shares of its common stock to the public and issued shares of its common stock to Northeast Community Bancorp, MHC MHC ). As disclosed in note 1, in conjunction with the completion of the second-step conversion on July 12, 2022, each of NorthEast Community Bancorp, MHC and the Mid-Tier Holding Company merged out of existence and now cease to exist. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC and the New York State Department of Financial Services NYS are the Bank s primary regulator. Under New York State Banking Law, New York state-chartered stock-form savings banks may declare and pay dividends out of their net profits, unless there is an impairment of capital, but approval of the NYS Superintendent is required if the total of all dividends declared by the bank in a calendar year would exceed the total of its net profits for that year combined with its retained net profits for the preceding two years less prior dividends paid. The FDIC also has authority to use its enforcement powers to prohibit a savings bank from paying dividends if, in its opinion, the payment of dividends would constitute an unsafe and unsound practice. The Bank is subject to risk-based capital standards by which banks are evaluated in terms of capital adequacy. These regulatory capital requirements are administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can result in certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Bank s assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Bank s capital and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators. Management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Bank meets all capital adequacy requirements to which it is subject. Prompt corrective action regulations provide five classifications: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized, although these terms are not used to represent overall financial condition. If adequately capitalized, regulatory approval is required to accept brokered deposits. If undercapitalized, capital distributions are limited, as is asset growth and expansion, and capital restoration plans are required. At year-end 2022 and 2021, the most recent regulatory notifications categorized the Bank as well-capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the institution s category. In addition, a capital conservation buffer of is applicable to all capital ratios except for the Tier 1 Leverage ratio. The capital conservation buffer is equal to the lowest value of the three applicable capital ratios less the regulatory minimum adequately capitalized for each respective capital measurement. Compliance with the capital conservation buffer is required to avoid limitations on certain capital distributions, especially dividends. The Bank is required to maintain a capital conservation buffer of at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which it was subject as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F- 19 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Core (Tier 1) capital (to adjusted total assets) As of December 31, 2021: Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Core (Tier 1) capital (to adjusted total assets) 

 (1) Ratios do not include the capital conservation buffer. Construction loans in process Stand-by letters of credit Commitments to fund unused lines of credit: Commercial and industrial lines Multi-family real estate equity lines Consumer lines 
 F- 20 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 The following is a summary of realized and unrealized losses recognized in net income on equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: ) Capital gain realized on equity securities during the period Net losses realized on the sale of equity securities during the period Realized and unrealized net gain (loss) recognized on equity securities held at the reporting date ) ) 

December 31, 2021 Gross Gross Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Fair Cost Gains Losses Value (In Thousands) Mortgage-backed securities residential: Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation There were sales of securities available-for-sale during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F- 21 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 The maturities shown above are based upon contractual final maturity. Actual maturities will differ from contractual maturities due to scheduled monthly repayments and due to the underlying borrowers having the right to prepay their obligations. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had unrealized loss on securities available-for-sale. Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Federal National Mortgage Association Collateralized mortgage obligations GSE Total mortgage-backed securities Municipal Bonds U.S. Treasury securities 

December 31, 2021 Gross Gross Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Fair Cost Gains Losses Value (In Thousands) Mortgage-backed securities residential: Government National Mortgage Association Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Federal National Mortgage Association Collateralized mortgage obligations GSE Total mortgage-backed securities Municipal Bonds 
 F- 22 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Due after one but within five years Due after five but within ten years Due after ten years The maturities shown above are based upon contractual final maturity. Actual maturities will differ from contractual maturities due to scheduled monthly repayments and due to the underlying borrowers having the right to prepay their obligations. The age of unrealized losses and the fair value of related securities held-to-maturity were as follows: Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Federal National Mortgage Association Collateralized mortgage obligations GSE Total mortgage-backed securities Municipal Bonds U.S. Treasury securities 

Less than 12 Months 12 Months or More Total Gross Gross Gross Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized Value Losses Value Losses Value Losses (In Thousands) December 31, 2021: Mortgage-backed securities - residential: Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Federal National Mortgage Association Collateralized mortgage obligations GSE Total mortgage-backed securities Municipal Bonds 
 F- 23 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Note 6 Securities Held-to-Maturity (continued) At December 31, 2022, mortgage-backed securities, municipal bonds and U.S. Treasury notes had unrealized loss due to interest rate volatility. Management concluded that the unrealized loss reflected above was temporary in nature since the unrealized loss was related primarily to market interest rates volatility, and not related to the underlying credit quality of the issuers of the securities. Additionally, the Company has the ability and intent to hold the securities for the time necessary to recover the amortized cost. At December 31, 2021, there were four m ortgage-backed securities and municipal bonds with unrealized loss. Multi-family Mixed-use Total residential real estate Non-residential real estate Construction Commercial and industrial Consumer Total Loans Deferred loan costs, net Allowance for loan losses ) ) Loans serviced for the benefit of others totaled approximately and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The value of mortgage servicing rights was not material at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company did not issue PPP loans associated with the CARES Act in 2022 and 2021. The Company sold loan participations totaling million and million in 2022 and 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold delinquent loan totaling , net of interest reserve of , with a charge-off of recognized on the sale. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold loans at par totaling , net of interest reserve of , with gain or loss recognized on the sale. 
 F- 24 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment Loans receivable: Ending balance Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment Loans receivable: Ending balance Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 
 F- 25 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (Benefit) ) ) ) ) Balance - December 31, 2022 Non- Commercial Residential residential and Real Estate Real Estate Construction Industrial Consumer Unallocated Total (In Thousands) Allowance for loan losses: Balance - December 31, 2020 Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (Benefit) ) Balance - December 31, 2021 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the provision expenses recorded for construction loans were attributed to the increased loan balances. The credit provision recorded for residential loans was primarily due to loan recoveries and reduced credit risk. The credit provision recorded for non-residential loans was attributed to loan recoveries and decreased loan balances. The credit provision recorded for commercial and industrial loans was primarily due to decreased loan balances during the period. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the provision expenses recorded were primarily attributed to the previously disclosed charge-off of million in 2021 regarding a nonresidential bridge loan secured by real estate with a balance of million, as well as increased loan balances in construction loan and commercial and industrial loan segments. The credit provision recorded for residential real estate was due to decreased loan balances. 
 F- 26 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Non-residential real estate Construction Commercial and industrial With an allowance recorded Total: Residential real estate Non-residential real estate Construction Commercial and industrial As of and for the Year Ended December 31, 2021: 

Recorded Unpaid Principal Related Average Recorded Interest Income 2021 Investment Balance Allowance Investment Recognized (In Thousands) With no related allowance recorded: Residential real estate Non-residential real estate Construction Commercial and industrial With an allowance recorded Total: Residential real estate Non-residential real estate Construction Commercial and industrial 
 F- 27 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 non-accrual loans at the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. In 2022, the Company collected interest income from a non-accrual loan that was satisfied in July 2022. In 2021, the Company did not recognize any interest income from a loan that was in non-accrual status. The following tables provide information about delinquencies in our loan portfolio at the dates indicated. Multi-family Mixed-use Non-residential real estate Construction loans Commercial and industrial loans Consumer Age Analysis of Past Due Loans as of December 31, 2021: 

Recorded Investment 30 59 Days 60 89 Days Greater Than Total Past Total Loans > 90 Days and Past Due Past Due 90 Days Due Current Receivable Accruing (In Thousands) Residential real estate: One- to four-family Multi-family Mixed-use Non-residential real estate Construction loans Commercial and industrial loans Consumer 
 F- 28 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Note 7 - Loans Receivable and the Allowance for Loan Losses (continued) The following tables provide certain information related to the credit quality of our loan portfolio. Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Credit Risk Profile by Internally Assigned Grade as of December 31, 2021: 

Residential Non-residential Commercial Real Estate Real Estate Construction and Industrial Consumer Total (In Thousands) Grade: Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful 
 F- 29 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Non-residential real estate Total performing The following is a summary of interest foregone on loans classified as TDR for the years ended December 31: Less: Interest income included in the results of operations Total foregone interest There were loans modified that were deemed troubled debt restructuring during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, of the loans that were modified during the previous twelve months had defaulted. Buildings and improvements Leasehold improvements Furnishings and equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Depreciation expense on premises and equipment for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled million and million, respectively. 
 F- 30 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Securities Accumulative goodwill impairment ) ) Goodwill, net of charge-off The Company identified in goodwill impairment during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company did t identify any impairment of goodwill in 2021. foreclosed property valued at approximately and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, consisting of an office building located in Pennsylvania. The property was acquired through foreclosure in December 2014. Further declines in real estate values may result in impairment charges in the future. Routine holding costs are charged to expense as incurred and improvements to real estate owned that enhance the value of the real estate are capitalized. REO expense recorded in the consolidated statements of income, including loss on sales and write-downs, amounted to and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Buildings and improvements Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) The Company owned property at December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisting of a former branch office located in Plymouth, Massachusetts. The property is currently leased to a car rental company to generate current income for the Company. 
 F- 31 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 NOW and money market Total Savings accounts Certificates of deposit maturing in: One year or less After one to two years After two to three years After three to four years After four years Total As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, certificates of deposits equal to or in excess of 250,000 totaled approximately and , respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the demand deposit overdrafts totaled and . Overdraft deposits are reclassified as consumer loans and are included in the total loans on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The aggregate amount of brokered deposits was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company also had million and million, respectively, in Insured Cash Sweep ICS reciprocal money market deposits, which are no longer considered fully-insured brokered deposits as defined in the FDIC call report instructions. The ICS money market deposits were obtained from retail depositors and then transferred into the ICS Network in order to obtain full FDIC insurance coverage for our customers. These types of deposits are known in the ICS Network as reciprocal deposits, which the Company considers as core deposits and not brokered deposits. Interest expense on deposits consists of the following: Savings accounts Certificates of deposit 
 F- 32 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 After one to three years After three to four years After five years (due 2030) At December 31, 2022, of the above advances were subject to early call or redemption features. All advances had fixed interest rates and the term of the advance ranges between and . At December 31, 2022, the advances were secured by a pledge of the Company s investment in the capital stock of the FHLB and a blanket assignment of the Company s otherwise unpledged qualifying mortgage loans. At December 31, 2022, these unpledged qualifying mortgage loans were not pledged to any company other than the FHLB. At December 31, 2022, the Company had the ability to borrow million, net of million in outstanding advances, from the FHLB and million from ACBB. percent of taxable income before such deduction, less certain adjustments. Retained earnings at December 31, 2022 and 2021, include approximately million of such bad debt deductions which, in accordance with U.S. GAAP is considered a permanent difference between the book and income tax basis of loans receivable, and for which deferred income taxes have not been provided. If such amount is used for purposes other than for bad debt losses, including distributions in liquidation, it will be subject to income tax at the then current rate. The components of provision for income taxes are summarized as follows: Deferred tax expense ) The following table presents a reconciliation between the reported income taxes and the income taxes, which would be computed by applying the existing federal income tax rate of for 2022 and 2021 to income before taxes: State and city tax, net of federal income tax effect Non-taxable income on bank owned life insurance ) ) Other Effective Income Tax Rate 
 F- 33 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Note 15 Income Taxes (continued) The tax effects of significant items comprising the net deferred tax asset are as follows: State net operating loss carryforwards Benefit plans Accumulated other comprehensive loss DRP Other Total Deferred Tax Assets Deferred tax liability: Depreciation Goodwill Accumulated other comprehensive gain DRP Other Total Deferred Tax Liabilities Net Deferred Tax Assets Included in Other Assets The Company has state net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards totaling approximately at December 31, 2022 that are available to be carried forward to future years. These NOL carryforwards will start to expire beginning in 2035 if not fully utilized. At December 31, 2022, the Company had valuation allowance because the Company determined there will be enough future New York State taxable income to utilize the New York State deferred tax assets. Service contracts Consulting expense Telephone Directors compensation Audit and accounting Insurance Director, officer, and employee expense Legal fees Office supplies and stationary Recruiting expense 
 F- 34 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) Benefits Paid ) ) Projected benefit obligation ending Funded status accrued liability included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Accumulated benefit obligation Discount rate Rate of increase in future compensation levels Interest cost Actuarial loss amortized Total net periodic pension expense included in other non-interest expenses Discount rate Rate of increase in future compensation levels 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 to 2032 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, unrecognized net gain of and , respectively, were included in accumulated other comprehensive income. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan SERP The SERP is a non-contributory defined benefit plan that covers certain officers of the Company. Under the SERP, each of these individuals will be entitled to receive upon retirement an annual benefit paid in monthly installments equal to of his average base salary in the period preceding retirement. Each individual may also retire 
 F- 35 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 or the executives remaining life. benefits are expected to be paid during the next five years . During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, expenses of and , respectively, were recorded for this plan and are reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Income under Salaries and Employee Benefits. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, a liability for this plan of and , respectively, is included in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition under Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses. 401(k) Plan The Company maintains a 401(k) plan for all eligible employees. Participants are permitted to contribute from to or of their annual compensation up to the maximum permitted under the Internal Revenue Code. The Company provided matching contribution in 2022 and 2021. Stock-Based Deferral Plan In June 2021, the Company established a stock-based deferral plan for eligible key executives and members of the Board of Directors of the Company to elect to defer compensation received from the Company for their services and make deemed investments of that deferred compensation in shares of the Company s common stock. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any obligations under the plan. Employee Stock Ownership Plan ESOP In conjunction with the Mid-Tier Holding Company s public stock offering in 2006, the Bank established an ESOP for all eligible employees (substantially all full-time employees). The ESOP borrowed from the Mid-Tier Holding Company and used those funds to acquire shares of the Mid-Tier Holding Company common stock at per share. The loan from the Mid-Tier Holding Company, which has been assumed by the Company, carries an interest rate of and is repayable in annual installments through 2025. In conjunction with the Company s second-step conversion offering, on July 12, 2021, the ESOP borrowed from the Company and used those funds to acquire shares of Company common stock at per share. The loan from the Company carries an interest rate equal to and is repayable in annual installments through 2035. Each year, the Bank makes discretionary contributions to the ESOP equal to the principal and interest payment required on the loan from the Company. The ESOP may further pay down the principal balance of the loans by using dividends paid, if any, on the shares of Company common stock it owns. The balance remaining on the first ESOP loan was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The balance remaining on the second ESOP loan was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Shares purchased with the loan proceeds serve as collateral for the loan and are held in a suspense account for future allocation among ESOP participants. As the loan principal is repaid, shares will be released from the suspense account and become eligible for allocation. The allocation among plan participants will be as described in the ESOP governing document. ESOP shares initially pledged as collateral were recorded as unearned ESOP shares in the stockholders equity section of the consolidated statement of financial condition. Thereafter, on a monthly basis over the terms of the ESOP loans, approximately shares for the ESOP established in 2006 and approximately shares for the ESOP 
 F- 36 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 and , respectively. Dividends on unallocated shares, which totaled approximately and during 2022 and 2021, respectively, are recorded as a reduction of the ESOP loan. Dividends on allocated shares, which totaled approximately and during 2022 and 2021, respectively, are charged to retained earnings. ESOP shares are summarized as follows: Shares committed to be released Unearned shares Total ESOP Shares Less allocated shares distributed to former or retired employees ) ) Total ESOP Shares Held by Trustee Fair value of unearned shares shares of the Company s common stock were reserved from authorized but unissued shares for purposes of grants of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares and performance units to selected employees and non-employee directors of the Company. Under this plan, shares of restricted stock and nonqualified stock options in the aggregate were awarded to non-employee directors of the Company on September 30, 2022, and shares of restricted stock and nonqualified stock options were in the aggregate were awarded to employees of the Company on November 17, 2022. The restricted shares and nonqualified stock options vest at a rate of per year from the date of the grants. The product of the number of shares granted and the grant date market price of the Company s common stock determine the fair value of restricted stock under the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive plan. Management recognizes compensation expense for the fair value of restricted stock on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for future awards under this plan, which includes shares available for stock options and shares available for restricted stock awards. A summary of the Company s restricted stock activity and related information for the year ended December 31 follows: 
 F- 37 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Forfeited Vested Outstanding, end of year Compensation expense related to restricted stock was for the year ended December 31, 2022. The per share weighted-average grant-date fair value of restricted shares granted during 2022 was . At December 31, 2022, the total compensation cost related to non-vested awards that has not yet been recognized was million, which is expected to be recognized over the next . A summary of the Company s stock option activity and related information for the years ended December 31 follows: Forfeited Vested Outstanding, end of year Exercisable at end of year Weighted average fair value of options granted in current year The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions: - Expected volatility - Expected dividend yield - Expected life 7.50 Compensation cost related to stock options is recognized based on the fair value of the stock options at the grant date on a straight line basis over the vesting period. Compensation expense related to stock options was for the year ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation cost related to stock option awards was million, which is expected to be recognized over the next . 
 F- 38 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 . Most operating lease agreements consist of initial lease terms ranging between 5 and , with options to renew the or the term. The finance lease has a remaining lease term of . The payment structure of all leases is fixed rental payments with lease payments increasing on pre-determined dates at either a predetermined amount or change in the consumer price index. In accordance with ASC 842, the Company recognized operating and financing lease assets and corresponding lease liabilities related to office facilities and retail branches. The operating and financing lease assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term, and the lease liability represents the Company s obligation to make lease payments over the lease term. The Company has elected that any short term leases would be expensed as incurred. The operating and financing lease asset and lease liability are determined at the commencement date of the lease based on the present value of the lease payments. Our leases do not provide an implicit interest rate. The company used its incremental borrowing rate, the rate of interest to borrow in a collateralized basis for a similar term, at the lease commencement date. All of the leases are net leases and, therefore, do not contain non-lease components. The Company either pays directly or reimburses the lessor for property and casualty insurance cost and the property taxes assessed on the property, as well as a portion of the common area maintenance associated with the property which are categorized as non-components as outlined in the applicable guidance. 
 F- 39 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Lease liability Operating Lease Amounts: ROU assets Lease liabilities Finance Lease Cost Amortization of ROU asset Interest on lease liability Operating Lease Costs Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Finance lease Operating leases Weighted-average remaining lease term Finance lease Operating leases years years Weighted-average discount rate Finance lease Operating leases 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Interest ) ) Lease liability 
 F- 40 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Mortgage-backed securities FHLMC Total assets There were transfers between Level 1 and 2 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company did t have any liabilities that were carried at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F- 41 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Real estate owned Total assets The following tables present the qualitative information about non-recurring Level 3 fair value measurements of financial instruments at the periods indicated: Income approach Capitalization rate Real estate owned Income approach Capitalization rate The Company did not have any assets that were carried at fair value on a non-recurring basis at December 31, 2021. The Company did t have any liabilities that were carried at fair value on a non-recurring basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The methods and assumptions used to estimate fair value at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: For real estate owned, fair value is generally determined through independent appraisals or fair value estimations of the underlying properties which generally include various Level 3 inputs which are not identifiable. The appraisals or fair value estimation may be adjusted by management for qualitative reasons and estimated liquidation expenses. Management s assumptions may include consideration of location and occupancy of the property and current economic conditions. Subsequently, as these properties are actively marketed, the estimated fair values may be periodically adjusted through incremental subsequent write-downs to reflect decreases in estimated values resulting from sales price observations and the impact of changing economic and market conditions. A loan is considered impaired when, based upon current information and events; it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all scheduled payments in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan. Impaired loans that are collateral dependent are written down to fair value through the establishment of specific reserves, a component of the allowance for loan losses or through partial charge-offs, and as such are carried at the lower of cost or the fair value. Estimates of fair value of the collateral are determined based on a variety of information, including available valuations from certified appraisers for similar assets, present value of discounted cash flows and inputs that are 
 F- 42 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F- 43 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Certificates of deposit Marketable equity securities Securities available for sale Securities held to maturity Loans receivable Investments in restricted stock Accrued interest receivable Financial Liabilities Deposits FHLB of New York advances 

Fair Value at December 31, 2021 Quoted Prices in Active Significant Markets for Other Significant Identical Observable Unobservable Carrying Assets Inputs Inputs (In thousands) Amount Fair Value (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Financial Assets Cash and cash equivalents Certificates of deposit Marketable equity securities Securities available for sale Securities held to maturity Loans receivable Investments in restricted stock Accrued interest receivable Financial Liabilities Deposits FHLB of New York advances 
 F- 44 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 loans to related parties at December 31, 2022 and 2021. In addition, the Company did not originate any loans to related parties in 2022 and 2021. Deposits of related parties at the Company totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Kevin P. O Malley is an attorney with Kevin P. O Malley, P.C., a law firm that provides construction loan closing services to borrowers of the Company. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, construction loan borrowers of the Company paid and respectively in legal fees to Mr. O Malley s law firm in connection with closing of construction loans. In addition, in fiscal year 2022 and 2021, the Company paid Mr. O Malley s law firm and for legal services provided on a corporate related matter. Loan-related fees and charges (1) Electronic banking fees and charges Gain on disposition of equipment (1) Income from bank owned life insurance (1) Investment advisory fees Realized and unrealized loss on equity securities (1) ) ) Miscellaneous (1) Total non-interest income 

 (1) Not within the scope of ASC 606. 
 
 F- 45 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F- 46 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F- 47 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Investment in subsidiary Loans receivable, net of allowance for loan losses of and , respectively (1) ESOP loan receivable Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Accounts payable and accrued expenses Total Liabilities Total Stockholders Equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

 (1) Represents participation loans purchased from the Bank 
 F- 48 

Table of Contents Northeast Community Bancorp, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Interest income ESOP loan Interest income interest-earning deposits Provision for loan losses Operating expenses ) ) Income before Income Tax Expense and Equity in Undistributed Earnings of Subsidiary Income tax expense Income before Equity in Undistributed Earnings of Subsidiary Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary Net Income Comprehensive Income Statements of Cash Flow Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary ) ) Increase in other liabilities Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Repayment of ESOP loan Net increase in loans ) ) Capital infusion to subsidiary ) Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Investing Activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Cash dividends paid ) ) Loan to ESOP ) Issuance of common stock Stock repurchase ) Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities ) Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents Beginning Cash and Cash Equivalents Ending 
 F- 49 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. NORTHEAST COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. Dated: March 30, 2023 By: /s/ Kenneth A. Martinek Kenneth A. Martinek Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name Title Date /s/ Kenneth A. Martinek Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 30, 2023 Kenneth A. Martinek (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Jose M. Collazo President, Chief Operating Officer and Director March 30, 2023 Jose M. Collazo /s/ Donald S. Hom Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer March 30, 2023 Donald S. Hom (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Diane B. Cavanaugh Director March 30, 2023 Diane B. Cavanaugh /s/ Charles M. Cirillo Director March 30, 2023 Charles M. Cirillo /s/ Eugene M. Magier Director March 30, 2023 Eugene M. Magier /s/ Charles A. Martinek Director March 30, 2023 Charles A. Martinek /s/ John F. McKenzie Director March 30, 2023 John F. McKenzie /s/ Kevin P. O Malley Director March 30, 2023 Kevin P. O Malley 

Table of Contents 
 /s/ Kenneth H. Thomas Director March 30, 2023 Kenneth H. Thomas /s/ Linda M. Swan Director March 30, 2023 Linda M. Swan 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 necb-20221231xex4d1.htm
 EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 DESCRIPTION OF NORTHEAST COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. S COMMON STOCK REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 General NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc. (the Company is incorporated in the State of Maryland. The rights of our shareholders are generally covered by Maryland law and our articles of incorporation and bylaws (each as amended and in effect on the date hereof). The terms of our common stock are therefore subject to Maryland law, including the Maryland General Corporation Law, and the common and constitutional law of Maryland. This exhibit describes the general terms of our common stock. This is a summary and does not purport to be complete. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws as they exist on the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated by reference or filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part, and amendments or restatements of each will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC in future periodic or current reports in accordance with the rules of the SEC. You are encouraged to read these documents. For more detailed information about the rights of our common stock, you should refer to our article of incorporation and bylaws and the applicable provisions of Maryland law, including the Maryland General Corporation Law, for additional information. Authorized Shares The Company is authorized to issue 75,000,000 shares of common stock, having a par value of 0.01 per share, and 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, having a par value of 0.01 per share. Each share of the Company s common stock has the same relative rights as, and is identical in all respects with, each other share of common stock. Exchange Listing The Company s common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol NECB. Dividends The Company can pay dividends if, as and when declared by its board of directors. The payment of dividends by the Company is limited by law and applicable regulation. The holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to receive and share equally in dividends declared by the board of directors of the Company. If the Company issues preferred stock, the holders of the preferred stock may have a priority over the holders of the common stock with respect to dividends. Voting Rights The holders of the Company s common stock possess exclusive voting rights in the Company. The holders of the Company s common stock elect the Company s board of directors and act on other matters as are required to be presented to them under Maryland law or as are otherwise presented to them by the board of directors. Each holder of common stock is generally entitled to one vote per share. However, the Company s articles of incorporation provide that record holders of the Company s common stock who beneficially own, either directly or indirectly, in excess of 10 of the Company s outstanding shares are generally not entitled to any vote with respect to those shares held in excess of the 10 limit. A majority of the Company s disinterested directors may approve a stockholder acquiring and voting in excess of 10 of the Company s outstanding shares before the stockholder acquires any shares in excess of the 10 limit. 

 If the Company issues preferred stock, holders of the Company s preferred stock may also possess voting rights. Liquidation If there is any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of NorthEast Community Bank, the Company, as the sole holder of NorthEast Community Bank s capital stock, would be entitled to receive all of NorthEast Community Bank s assets available for distribution after payment or provision for payment of all debts and liabilities of NorthEast Community Bank, including all deposit accounts and accrued interest. Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of its common stock would be entitled to receive all of the assets of the Company available for distribution after payment or provision for payment of all its debts and liabilities. If the Company issues preferred stock, the preferred stock holders may have a priority over the holders of the common stock upon liquidation or dissolution of the Company. Preemptive Rights Holders of the Company s common stock are not be entitled to preemptive rights with respect to any shares that may be issued. Redemption; Sinking Funds; Conversion The Company s common stock is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar provisions. Holders of the Company s common stock have no right to require redemption or repurchase of any of their shares. The Company s common stock has no conversion rights. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.0>
 3
 necb-20221231xex21d0.htm
 EX-21.0

Exhibit 21.0 SUBSIDIARIES OF NORTHEAST COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. Name Percent Ownership State of Incorporation NorthEast Community Bank 100 New York New England Commercial Properties LLC 100 New York NECB Financial Services Group, LLC 100 New York 72 West Eckerson LLC 100 New York 166 Route 59 Realty LLC 100 New York 3 Winterton Realty LLC 100 New York 
 Subsidiary of NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc. Subsidiary of NorthEast Community Bank 

</EX-21.0>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 necb-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement File No. 333-258165 and No. 333-267659 on Form S-8 of NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc. of our report dated March 30, 2023, relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements, which appears in the Annual Report to Stockholders, which is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ S.R. Snodgrass, P.C. Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania March 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 necb-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER I, Kenneth A. Martinek, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: _ March 30, 2023__________________ /s/ Kenneth A. Martinek Kenneth A. Martinek Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 necb-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER I, Donald S. Hom, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 30, 2023 /s/ Donald S. Hom Donald S. Hom Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial and chief accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 necb-20221231xex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32.0 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADDED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. /s/ Kenneth A. Martinek Kenneth A. Martinek Chairman and Chief Executive Officer /s/ Donald S. Hom Donald S. Hom Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date: March 30, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 necb-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 necb-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 necb-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 necb-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

