<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_712534_0000712534-23-000067.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>29283083</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>474333</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3593928</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11837566</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6658204</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6109782</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000712534-23-000067.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301125922
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000712534-23-000067
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		159
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST MERCHANTS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000712534
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				351544218
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41342
		FILM NUMBER:		23692130

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 E JACKSON ST
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 792
		CITY:			MUNCIE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47308-0792
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7657471500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 EAST JACKSON STREET
		CITY:			MUNCIE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47305

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000712534-23-000067.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 frme-20221231.htm
 10-K

frme-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 _______________________________ 
 FORM 
 
 [Mark One] 
 ANNUAL REP ORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from __________to_________ 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer 
 incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, 
 if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every interactive data file required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files) No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated Filer 
 
 Non-Accelerated Filer 
 
 Smaller Reporting Company 
 
 Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of 
 the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value (not necessarily a reliable indication of the price at which more than a limited number of shares would trade) of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022). 
 
 As of February 23, 2023 there were outstanding common shares, without par value, of the registrant. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

FIRST MERCHANTS CORPORATION 
 
 Glossary of Defined Terms 
 3 
 Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 4 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 23 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 Item 2. Properties 
 31 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 34 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 54 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 55 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 110 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 110 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 112 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 112 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 113 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 113 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 113 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 113 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 113 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 114 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 116 
 Signatures 
 117 

2 

GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 

FIRST MERCHANTS CORPORATION 2021 CAA The 2021 Consolidated Appropriations Act, signed into law on December 27, 2020, provided the annual funding for the federal government and also contained several rules giving further COVID-19 relief ACL Allowance for Credit Losses ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update AOCI Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Bank First Merchants Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation BHC Act Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 CARES Act Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CECL FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, adopted by the Corporation on January 1, 2021. 
 CET1 Common Equity Tier 1 CFPB Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CME Term SOFR A forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate, as administered by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. Corporation First Merchants Corporation COVID or COVID-19 2019 novel coronavirus disease, which was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020. Dodd-Frank Act Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Economic Impact Payments Economic stimulus payments of up to 1,200 per adult and 500 per child, subject to eligibility requirements and certain limitations, as established under the CARES Act and distributed by the IRS. ERISA Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ESPP Employee Stock Purchase Plan FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDICIA Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 Federal Reserve Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank FOMC Federal Open Market Committee, the monetary policymaking body of the Federal Reserve System FTE Fully taxable equivalent GAAP Accounting Principles Generally Accepted in the United States of America Hoosier Hoosier Trust Company, which was acquired by the Bank on April 1, 2021 Indiana DFI Indiana Department of Financial Institutions Interagency Statement Interagency Statement on Loan Modifications and Reporting for Financial Institutions Working with Customers Affected by the Coronavirus issued by banking regulators on March 22, 2020 Level One Level One Bancorp, Inc., which was acquired by the Corporation on April 1, 2022. LIBOR Act Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act enacted on March 15, 2022 MBT MBT Financial Corp., which was acquired by the Corporation on September 1, 2019. OCC Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OREO Other real estate owned PPP Paycheck Protection Program, which was established by the CARES Act and implemented by the Small Business Administration to provide small business loans. PCD Purchased credit deteriorated loans RSA Restricted Stock Awards Sarbanes-Oxley Act Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Savings Plan The First Merchants Corporation Retirement and Income Savings Plan SBA Small Business Administration SEC Securities and Exchange Commission SOFR Secured Overnight Funding Rate TEFRA Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act. The TEFRA disallowance reduces the amount of interest expense an entity may deduct for the purpose of carrying tax-free investment securities. Treasury U.S. Department of Treasury 
 3 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The Corporation from time to time includes forward-looking statements in its oral and written communication. The Corporation may include forward-looking statements in filings with the SEC, such as its Annual Reports on Form 10-K and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, in other written materials and oral statements made by senior management to analysts, investors, representatives of the media and others. The Corporation intends these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and the Corporation is including this statement for purposes of these safe harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements can often be identified by the use of words like believe , continue , pattern , estimate , project , intend , anticipate , expect and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as will , would , should , could , might , can , may or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements include: 
 
 statements of the Corporation s goals, intentions and expectations; 
 statements regarding the Corporation s business plan and growth strategies; 
 statements regarding the asset quality of the Corporation s loan and investment portfolios; and 
 estimates of the Corporation s risks and future costs and benefits. 
 
 These forward-looking statements are subject to significant risks, assumptions and uncertainties, including, among other things, those discussed in Item 1A, RISK FACTORS . 
 
 Because of these and other uncertainties, the Corporation s actual future results may be materially different from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements. In addition, the Corporation s past results of operations do not necessarily indicate its future results. 

4 

PART I: ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 GENERAL 
 
 The Corporation is a financial holding company headquartered in Muncie, Indiana and was organized in September 1982. The Corporation s Common Stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol FRME. The Corporation has one full-service bank charter, First Merchants Bank, which opened for business in Muncie, Indiana, in March 1893. The Bank also operates First Merchants Private Wealth Advisors (a division of First Merchants Bank). The Bank includes 122 banking locations in Indiana, Ohio, Michigan and Illinois. In addition to its branch network, the Corporation offers comprehensive electronic and mobile delivery channels to its customers. The Corporation s business activities are currently limited to one significant business segment, which is community banking. 
 
 Through the Bank, the Corporation offers a broad range of financial services, including accepting time, savings and demand deposits; making consumer, commercial, agri-business and real estate mortgage loans; providing personal and corporate trust services; offering full-service brokerage and private wealth management; and providing letters of credit, repurchase agreements and other corporate services. 
 
 All inter-company transactions are eliminated during the preparation of consolidated financial statements. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation had consolidated assets of 17.9 billion, consolidated deposits of 14.4 billion and stockholders equity of 2.0 billion. 
 
 HUMAN CAPITAL 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation and its subsidiaries had 2,124 full-time equivalent employees. Our stated mission to be the most attentive, knowledgeable, and high performing bank requires a dedicated and talented team of colleagues to succeed. Our employees prepare, every day, to deliver a customer and colleague experience that grows the Corporation. We seek to attract, retain and develop a team of diverse, committed colleagues who are capable of delivering a whole-bank delivery approach. And, we promote a work culture of development, growth, internal promotion and career pathing as expressed in Our Team statement: 
 
 We are a collection of dynamic colleagues with diverse experiences and perspectives who share a passion for positively impacting lives. We are genuinely committed to attracting and engaging teammates of diverse backgrounds. We believe in the power of inclusion and belonging. 
 
 Best Places to Work / Employer of Choice : The Bank will continue to participate in the Best Places to Work surveys in the four states we operate. We constantly strive to be an employer of choice. Onboarding, training, talent assessment and development, career conversations, development planning and a culture of pride in high performance help us achieve employer of choice status. Trust, respect, integrity and commitment are at the core of our success. A significant event in 2022 was the adoption of a Human and Workforce Rights Policy. 
 
 Employee Engagement : Our biennial Employee Engagement Survey is conducted by a third-party vendor for confidentiality and anonymity and for increased candid feedback. Results show consistently strong employee engagement with over 70 percent of our employees considered to be highly engaged. Our response rates are high (88 percent) with the survey results providing valuable feedback that helps managers promote work satisfaction and high contribution. 
 
 Education Assistance : First Merchants offers an education assistance program that supports full- and part-time colleagues as they seek degree programs that will help them advance their careers. In 2022, over 50 employees participated in this program. 
 
 Corporate Training : Leveraging a blend of custom designed / internally built training programs and external development resources, First Merchants employees are trained and prepared to perform confidently. Role-based training focuses on topics such as privacy, fair banking and many other industry specific topics and regulations. Our training completion rates are very high related to required development (99 percent completion for required courses) and our Learning Management System (LMS) archives all development in the Corporation. 
 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion : We believe in attracting, retaining, and promoting a diverse workforce. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion ("DEI") initiatives are aimed at promoting the career growth and engagement of all First Merchants employees. We continue that work through our highest profile employee resource groups ("ERGs"), First Women Connections and People of Color ERGs, by promoting the development and career growth of those employees. In 2022, we launched two additional ERGs - Pride and Emerging Professionals. Additionally, we have created a DEI Employee Community, which hosts bi-weekly calls that are attended by over 150 employees. Our DEI Steering Committee provides guidance on all DEI efforts. 
 
 Talent Assessment, Succession Planning and Career Path : Over 1,000 of our employees participated in our annual Calibration Process (9 Box Talent Assessment) with the goal of identifying specific development action plans to help retain employees with high potential and performance, increase job satisfaction and improve productivity. Talent calibration supports succession and career planning for the Corporation. 
 5 

PART I: ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 
 The Corporation makes its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, available on its website at https://www.firstmerchants.com without charge, as soon as reasonably practicable, after such reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including the Corporation. Those filings are accessible on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. 
 
 ACQUISITION AND DIVESTITURE POLICY 
 
 The Corporation anticipates that it will continue its policy of geographic expansion of its banking business through the acquisition of banks whose operations are consistent with its banking philosophy. Management routinely explores opportunities to acquire financial institutions and other financial services-related businesses and to enter into strategic alliances to expand the scope of the Corporation's services and customer base. Future acquisitions and divestitures will be driven by a disciplined financial evaluation process and will be consistent with the Corporation's strategy of community banking, client relationships and consistent quality earnings. As with previous acquisitions, the consideration paid in future acquisitions may be in the form of cash or First Merchants common stock, or a combination thereof. The amount and structure of such consideration is based on reasonable growth, synergies and economies of scale and a thorough analysis of the impact on both long- and short-term financial results. Acquisitions typically involve the payment of a premium over book and market values, and, therefore, some dilution of our tangible book value and net income per share may occur in connection with any future transaction. The Corporation's ability to engage in certain merger or acquisition transactions, whether or not any regulatory approval is required, will be dependent upon the Corporation's bank regulators' views at the time as to the capital levels, quality of management and the Corporation's overall condition, and their assessment of a variety of other factors. Certain merger or acquisition transactions, including those involving the acquisition of a depository institution or the assumption of the deposits of any depository institution, require formal approval from various bank regulatory authorities, which will be subject to a variety of factors and considerations. 
 
 On April 1, 2022, the Corporation acquired 100 percent of Level One Bancorp, Inc. ("Level One"). Level One was headquartered in Farmington Hills, Michigan and had 17 banking centers serving the Michigan market. Pursuant to the merger agreement, each common shareholder of Level One received, for each outstanding share of Level One common stock held, (a) a 0.7167 share of the Corporation's common stock, and (b) a cash payment of 10.17. The Corporation issued 5.6 million shares of common stock and paid 79.3 million in cash in exchange for all outstanding shares of Level One common stock. Additionally, the Corporation issued 10,000 shares of newly created 7.5 percent non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, with a liquidation preference of 2,500 per share, in exchange for the outstanding Level One Series B preferred stock. As part of the preferred stock exchange, each outstanding Level One depositary share representing a 1/100th interest in a share of the Level One Series B preferred stock was converted into a depositary share of the Corporation representing a 1/100th interest in a share of its newly issued preferred stock (Nasdaq: FRMEP). Details of the Level One acquisition can be found in NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 On April 1, 2021, the Bank acquired 100 percent of Hoosier Trust Company ("Hoosier") through a merger of Hoosier with and into the Bank. The consideration paid to shareholders of Hoosier at closing was 3,225,000 in cash. Details of the Hoosier acquisition can be found in NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 COMPETITION 
 
 The Bank is located in Indiana, Ohio, Michigan and Illinois counties where other financial services companies provide similar banking services. The Bank faces substantial competition in all areas of our operations from a variety of different competitors, many of which are larger and have more financial resources. Such competitors primarily include national, regional and internet banks within the various markets in which the Bank operates, though the Bank also competes with smaller community banks that seek to offer similar service levels. The Bank also faces competition from many other types of institutions, including, without limitation savings and loans associations, credit unions, finance companies, brokerage firms, insurance companies, and other financial intermediaries. 
 
 The financial services industry continues to become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and continued consolidation. Banks, securities firms and insurance companies can operate as affiliates under the umbrella of a financial holding company, which can offer virtually any type of financial service, including banking, securities underwriting, insurance (both agency and underwriting) and merchant banking. Also, technology has lowered barriers to enter and made it possible for nonbanks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks, such as automatic transfer and automatic payment systems. Many of our nonbank competitors have fewer regulatory constraints and may have lower cost structures. Additionally, due to their size, many competitors may be able to achieve economies of scale and, as a result, may offer broader range of products and services as well as better pricing for those products and services than we can. Finally, the Bank's competitors may choose to offer lower loan interest rates and pay higher deposit rates. 
 
 The Bank believes that the most important criteria to their targeted clients when selecting a bank is the customer's desire to receive exceptional and personal customer service while being able to enjoy convenient access to a broad array of financial products. Additionally, when presented with a choice, the Bank believes that many of their targeted clients prefer to deal with an institution that favors local decision making as opposed to where many important decisions regarding a client's financial affairs are made outside the local community. 
 6 

PART I: ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

REGULATION AND SUPERVISION OF FIRST MERCHANTS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 The Corporation and its subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation under federal and state laws. The regulatory framework is intended primarily for the protection of depositors, federal deposit insurance funds and the banking system as a whole and not for the protection of shareholders and creditors. Significant elements of the laws and regulations applicable to the Corporation and its subsidiaries are described below. The description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the statues, regulations and policies that are described. Also, such statutes, regulations and policies are continually under review by Congress and state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies. A change in statutes, regulations or regulatory policies applicable to the Corporation and its subsidiaries could have a material effect on the Corporation's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Bank Holding Company Regulation 
 
 The Corporation is registered as a bank holding company and has elected to be a financial holding company. It is subject to the supervision of, and regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve under the BHC Act, as amended. Bank holding companies are required to file periodic reports with and are subject to periodic examination by the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve has issued regulations under the BHC Act requiring a bank holding company to serve as a source of financial and managerial strength to the Bank. Thus, it is the policy of the Federal Reserve that a bank holding company should stand ready to use its resources to provide adequate capital funds to the Bank during periods of financial stress or adversity. Additionally, under the FDICIA, a bank holding company is required to guarantee the compliance of any subsidiary bank that may become undercapitalized (as defined in the FDICIA section of this Form 10-K) with the terms of any capital restoration plan filed by such subsidiary with its appropriate federal banking agency. Under the BHC Act, the Federal Reserve has the authority to require a bank holding company to terminate any activity or relinquish control of a non-bank subsidiary (other than a non-bank subsidiary of a bank) upon the determination that such activity constitutes a serious risk to the financial stability of any bank subsidiary. 
 
 The BHC Act requires the Corporation to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before: 
 acquiring direct or indirect control or ownership of any voting shares of any bank or bank holding company if, after such acquisition, the bank holding company will directly or indirectly own or control more than 5 percent of the voting shares of the bank or bank holding company; 
 merging or consolidating with another bank holding company; or 
 acquiring substantially all of the assets of any bank. 
 
 The BHC Act generally prohibits bank holding companies that have not become financial holding companies from (i) engaging in activities other than banking or managing or controlling banks or other permissible subsidiaries, and (ii) acquiring or retaining direct or indirect control of any company engaged in the activities other than those activities determined by the Federal Reserve to be closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks. 
 
 Capital Adequacy Guidelines for Bank Holding Companies (Basel III) 
 
 The Corporation and the Bank are subject to certain risk-based capital and leverage ratio requirements under the Basel III capital rules adopted by United States banking regulators. These rules implement the Basel III international regulatory capital standards in the United States, as well as certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 
 The Basel III rules require the Corporation and the Bank to maintain minimum ratios of common equity tier 1 capital CET1 ), tier 1 capital, and total capital to total risk-weighted assets, and of tier 1 capital to average total assets, all of which are calculated as defined in the regulations. Basel III specifies that CET1 consists of common stock instruments (that meet the Basel III eligibility criteria), retained earnings, accumulated other comprehensive income and CET1 minority interest. Basel III also defines CET1 narrowly by requiring that most adjustments to regulatory capital measures be made to CET1, and not to the other components of capital. Tier 1 capital consists of CET1 and "Additional Tier 1 Capital" instruments meeting the specified requirements of Basel III. 
 
 Under Basel III, in order to avoid limitations on capital distributions, including dividends, the Corporation must hold a capital conservation buffer of 2.50 percent above the adequately capitalized CET1, tier 1 and total capital to risk-weighted assets ratios. 
 
 Specifically, Basel III requires the Corporation and the Bank to maintain: 
 
 a minimum ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets of a least 4.5 percent, plus the 2.5 percent capital conservation buffer effectively resulting in a minimum ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 7.0 percent; 
 a minimum ratio of tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 6.0 percent, plus the 2.5 percent capital conservation buffer effectively resulting in a minimum tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5 percent; 
 a minimum ratio of total capital (tier 1 plus tier 2 capital) to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.0 percent, plus the 2.5 percent capital conservation buffer effectively resulting in a minimum total capital ratio of 10.5 percent; and 
 a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0 percent, calculated as the ratio of tier 1 capital to adjusted average consolidated assets. 
 
 Basel III also provides for a countercyclical capital buffer that is applicable to only certain covered institutions and is not expected to have any current applicability to the Corporation or the Bank. 
 
 The aforementioned capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banking institutions with risk-weighted capital ratios above the minimum but below the conservation buffer will face limitations on the payment of dividends, common stock repurchases and discretionary cash payments to executive officers based on the amount of the shortfall. 
 
 7 

PART I: ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Basel III provides for a number of deductions from and adjustments to CET1. These include, for example, the requirement that mortgage servicing rights, deferred tax assets dependent upon future taxable income and significant investments in non-consolidated financial entities be deducted from CET1 to the extent that any one such category exceeds 10 percent of CET1 or all such categories in the aggregate exceed 15 percent of CET1. Under Basel III, the Corporation and the Bank made a one-time election to filter out certain AOCI components. 
 
 Basel III permits banks with less than 15 billion in assets to continue to treat trust preferred securities as tier 1 capital. This treatment is permanently grandfathered as tier 1 capital even if the Corporation should ever exceed 15 billion in assets due to organic growth but not following certain mergers or acquisitions. As a result, while the Corporation s total assets exceeded 15 billion as of December 31, 2021, the Corporation has continued to treat its trust preferred securities as tier 1 capital as of such date. However, under certain amendments to the transition rules of Basel III, if a bank holding company that held less than 15 billion of assets as of December 31, 2009 (which would include the Corporation) acquires a bank holding company with under 15 billion in assets at the time of acquisition (which would include Level One), and the resulting organization has total consolidated assets of 15 billion or more as reported on the resulting organization s call report for the period in which the transaction occurred, the resulting organization must begin reflecting its trust preferred securities as tier 2 capital at such time. As a result, effective with the April 1, 2022 consummation of the Level One merger, the Corporation began reflecting all of its trust preferred securities as tier 2 capital. 
 
 Basel III permits banks with less than 250 billion in assets to choose to continue excluding unrealized gains and losses on certain securities holdings for purposes of calculating regulatory capital. The rules limit a banking organization s capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments if the banking organization does not hold a capital conservation buffer consisting of a specified amount of CET1 capital in addition to the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. 
 
 Historically, the regulation and monitoring of a bank and bank holding company's liquidity has been addressed as a supervisory matter, without minimum required formulaic measures. The Basel III liquidity framework requires banks and bank holding companies to measure their liquidity against specific liquidity tests that, although similar in some respects to liquidity measures historically applied by banks and regulators for management and supervisory purposes, is now required by regulation. One test, referred to as the liquidity coverage ratio, is designed to ensure that the banking entity maintains an adequate level of unencumbered high-quality liquid assets equal to the entity s expected net cash outflow for a 30-day time horizon (or, if greater, 25 percent of its expected total cash outflow) under an acute liquidity stress scenario. The other test, referred to as the net stable funding ratio ("NSFR"), is designed to promote more medium- and long-term funding of the assets and activities of banking entities over a one-year time horizon. These requirements are expected to incent banking entities to increase their holdings of U.S. Treasury securities and other sovereign debt as a component of assets and increase the use of long-term debt as a funding source. However, the federal banking agencies have not proposed rules implementing the Basel III liquidity framework and have not determined to what extent they will apply to U.S. banks that are not large, internationally active banks. 
 
 In April 2020, federal banking regulators modified the Basel III regulatory capital rules applicable to banking organizations to allow those organizations participating in the Paycheck Protection Program PPP established under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act to neutralize the regulatory capital effects of participating in the program by allowing PPP loans to receive a zero percent risk weight for purposes of determining risk-weighted assets and the CET1, tier 1 and Total Risk-Based capital ratios. At December 31, 2022, risk-weighted assets included 4.7 million of PPP loans at a zero risk weight. See - COVID-19 and Related Legislative and Regulatory Actions below for additional information on the PPP. 
 
 The following are the Corporation s regulatory capital ratios as of December 31, 2022: 
 Corporation Basel III Minimum Capital Required (1) 
 Total risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets 13.08 10.50 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 10.83 8.50 Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 10.65 7.00 Tier 1 capital to average assets 9.10 4.00 
 
 (1) The Basel III Minimum Capital Required are inclusive of the 2.5 percent capital conservation buffer where applicable. 
 
 Impact of CECL Implementation on Regulatory Capital 
 
 As discussed in NOTE 1. NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES and NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the FASB issued the current expected credit losses CECL accounting standard in 2016 to address concerns relating to the ability to record credit losses that are expected, but do not yet meet the probable threshold by replacing the current incurred loss model for recognizing credit losses with an expected life of loan loss model referred to as the CECL model. While the original implementation date of the CECL model was January 1, 2020, the CARES Act and a related joint statement of federal banking regulators provided financial institutions with optional temporary relief from having to comply with implementation of the CECL standard. This temporary relief was set to expire on December 31, 2020. However, the 2021 Consolidated Appropriations Act (the 2021 CAA ), which was signed into law on December 27, 2020, amended the CARES Act by extending the temporary relief from CECL compliance to, effectively, January 1, 2022. The Corporation elected to delay implementation of CECL following the approval of the CARES Act and, with the enactment of the 2021 CAA, the Corporation elected to adopt CECL on January 1, 2021. As a result, while the Corporation has utilized the CECL standard for both 2022 and 2021, its 2020 financial statements have been prepared under the incurred loss model. 

8 

PART I: ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

As part of a March 27, 2020 joint statement of federal banking regulators, an interim final rule that allowed banking organizations to mitigate the effects of the CECL accounting standard on their regulatory capital was announced. Banking organizations could elect to mitigate the estimated cumulative regulatory capital effects of CECL for up to two years. This two-year delay was to be in addition to the three-year transition period that federal banking regulators had already made available. While the 2021 CAA provided for a further extension of the mandatory adoption of CECL until January 1, 2022, the federal banking regulators elected to not provide a similar extension to the two year mitigation period applicable to regulatory capital effects. Instead, the federal banking regulators require that, in order to utilize the additional two-year delay, banking organizations must have adopted the CECL standard no later than December 31, 2020, as required by the CARES Act. As a result, because implementation of the CECL standard was delayed by the Corporation until January 1, 2021, it began phasing in the cumulative effect of the adoption on its regulatory capital, at a rate of 25 percent per year, over a three-year transition period that began on January 1, 2021. Under that phase-in schedule, the cumulative effect of the adoption will be fully reflected in regulatory capital on January 1, 2024. 
 
 Bank Regulation 
 
 The Bank is subject to the primary regulatory oversight, supervision and examination of the FDIC and the Indiana DFI. These agencies have the authority to issue cease-and-desist orders if they determine that activities of the Bank regularly represent an unsafe and unsound banking practice or a violation of law. Federal law extensively regulates various aspects of the banking business such as reserve requirements, truth-in-lending and truth-in-savings disclosures, equal credit opportunity, fair credit reporting, trading in securities and other aspects of banking operations. Current federal law also requires banks, among other things, to make deposited funds available within specified time periods. 
 
 The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ), an independent federal agency created under the Dodd-Frank Act, was granted broad rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement powers under various federal consumer financial protection laws, primarily with authority over banks and their affiliates with assets of more than 10 billion. As the quarter ended December 31, 2019 was the fourth consecutive quarter that the Bank reported assets exceeding 10 billion, effective as of the beginning of the second quarter of 2020, the Bank and its affiliates became subject to CFPB supervisory and enforcement authority. See - Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and - Consumer Financial Protection below for additional information. 
 
 Bank Capital Requirements 
 
 Capital adequacy is an important indicator of financial stability and performance. The Corporation and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies including, in the case of both the Bank and the Corporation, the Basel III requirements discussed above under - Capital Adequacy Guidelines for Bank Holding Companies (Basel III) and, in the case of the Bank, the prompt corrective action requirements discussed below under - FDIC Improvement Act of 1991 (FDICIA). Under the regulations, a capital category is assigned to the regulated entity, which is largely determined by four ratios that are calculated according to the applicable regulations: total risk-based capital, tier 1 risk-based capital, common equity tier 1 capital, and tier 1 leverage ratios. The ratios are intended to measure capital relative to assets and credit risk associated with those assets and off-balance sheet exposures of the entity. The capital category assigned to an entity can also be affected by qualitative judgments made by regulatory agencies about the risk inherent in the entity's activities that are not part of the calculated ratios. 
 
 There are five capital categories defined in the regulations, ranging from well capitalized to critically undercapitalized . Classification of a bank in any of the undercapitalized categories can result in actions by regulators that could have a material effect on a bank's operations. Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of total risk-based capital, tier 1 capital and common equity tier 1 capital, in each case, to risk-weighted assets, and of tier 1 capital to average assets, or leverage ratio, all of which are calculated as defined in the regulations. Banks with lower capital levels are deemed to be undercapitalized , significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized , depending on their actual levels. The appropriate federal regulatory agency may also downgrade a bank to the next lower capital category upon a determination that the bank is in an unsafe or unsound practice. Banks are required to monitor closely their capital levels and to notify their appropriate regulatory agency of any basis for a change in capital category. 
 
 FDIC Improvement Act of 1991 (FDICIA) 
 
 The FDICIA requires, among other things, federal bank regulatory authorities to take prompt corrective action with respect to banks, which do not meet minimum capital requirements. For these purposes, FDICIA establishes five capital tiers: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. The FDIC has adopted regulations to implement the prompt corrective action provisions of FDICIA. 
 
 The "prompt corrective action" regulations require the following for well capitalized status: 
 
 a minimum CET1 risk-based capital ratio of a least 6.5 percent; 
 a minimum tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 8.0 percent; 
 a minimum total risk-based capital ratio of at least 10.0 percent; and 
 a minimum leverage ratio of 5.0 percent. 
 
 The FDICIA generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distributions (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its parent holding company if the depository institution would thereafter be undercapitalized. Undercapitalized banks are subject to growth limitations and are required to submit a capital restoration plan. A bank s compliance with such plan is required to be guaranteed by the bank s parent holding company. If an undercapitalized bank fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is significantly undercapitalized. Significantly undercapitalized banks are subject to various requirements and restrictions, including an order by the FDIC to sell sufficient voting stock to become "adequately capitalized", requirements to reduce total assets and cease receipt of deposits from correspondent banks, and restrictions on compensation of executive officers. Critically undercapitalized institutions may not, beginning 60 days after becoming critically undercapitalized, make any payment of principal or interest on certain subordinated debt, extend credit for a highly leveraged transaction, or enter into any transaction outside the ordinary course of business. In addition, critically undercapitalized institutions are subject to appointment of a receiver or conservator. 
 9 

PART I: ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

As of December 31, 2022, the Bank was well capitalized based on the prompt corrective action ratios described above. It should be noted that a bank s capital category is determined solely for the purpose of applying the FDIC s prompt corrective action regulations and that the capital category may not constitute an accurate representation of the bank s overall financial condition or prospects. 
 
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act has had a broad impact on the financial services industry, including significant regulatory and compliance changes. Although most of the required regulations of the Dodd-Frank Act have been promulgated and implemented (or are being implemented over time), there are additional regulations yet to be finalized by the authorized federal agencies. The changes resulting from the Dodd-Frank Act have impacted the profitability of the Corporation s business activities, required changes to certain business practices, and imposed more stringent capital, liquidity and leverage requirements, and, when fully implemented, may further adversely affect our business. Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act has resulted, and in the future will likely result, in: 
 
 increases to the cost of the Corporation s operations due to greater regulatory oversight, supervision and examination of banks and bank holding companies, including higher deposit insurance premiums; 
 limitations on the Corporation s ability to raise additional capital through the use of trust preferred securities, as new issuances of these securities can no longer be included as tier 1 capital; 
 reduced flexibility for the Corporation to generate or originate certain revenue-producing assets based on increased regulatory capital standards; 
 limitations on the Corporation s ability to expand consumer product and service offerings due to stricter consumer protection laws and regulations; and 
 as the Corporation's assets now exceed 10 billion, compliance with the Durbin Amendment has resulted in a material reduction of interchange fee income paid by merchants when debit cards are used as payment. 
 
 The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (the Economic Growth Act ), which was enacted in May 2018, repealed or modified several provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. In particular, the asset threshold at which banks are subject to annual company-run stress tests were increased from 10 billion to 250 billion under the Economic Growth Act. As a result, the Corporation and the Bank are not subject to the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing requirements. 
 
 The Corporation s management continues to take the steps necessary to minimize the adverse impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on its business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 
 Durbin Amendment 
 
 Under the Durbin Amendment to the Dodd-Frank Act, the Federal Reserve adopted rules establishing standards for assessing whether the interchange fees that may be charged with respect to certain electronic debit transactions are "reasonable and proportional" to the costs incurred by issuers for processing such transactions. 
 
 Interchange fees, or "swipe" fees, are charges that merchants pay the Bank and other card-issuing banks for processing electronic payment transactions. Federal Reserve rules applicable to financial institutions that have assets of 10 billion or more provide that the maximum permissible interchange fee for an electronic debit transaction is the sum of 21 cents per transaction and 5 basis points multiplied by the value of the transaction. An upward adjustment of no more than 1 cent to the issuer's debit card interchange fee is allowed if the card issuer develops and implements policies and procedures reasonably designed to achieve certain fraud-prevention standards. The Federal Reserve also has rules governing routing and exclusivity that require issuers to offer two unaffiliated networks for routing transactions on each debit or prepaid product. 
 
 As the Corporation's assets exceeded 10 billion during the quarter ended March 31, 20, compliance with the Durbin Amendment began July 1, 2020 (six quarters after exceeding 10 billion in total assets). For the last six months of 2020, compliance with the Durbin Amendment resulted in a material reduction of interchange fee income paid by merchants when debit cards were used as a source of payment. 
 
 Volcker Rule 
 
 The Volcker Rule, which was adopted under the Dodd-Frank Act, places certain limitations on the trading activity of insured depository institutions and their affiliates subject to certain exceptions. The restricted trading activity includes purchasing or selling certain types of securities or instruments in order to benefit from short-term price movements or to realize short-term profits. Exceptions to the Volcker Rule include trading in certain U.S. Government or other municipal securities and trading conducted (i) in certain capacities as a broker or other agent, or as a fiduciary on behalf of customers, (ii) to satisfy a debt previously contracted, (iii) pursuant to repurchase and securities lending agreements, and (iv) in risk-mitigating hedging activities. The Volcker Rule also prohibits banking institutions from having an ownership interest in a hedge fund or private equity fund. 
 
 A banking entity that engages in proprietary trading (which excludes the exceptions discussed above) or covered fund-related activities or investments, and has total consolidated assets of more than 10 billion for two years, must implement and maintain a compliance program that meets certain minimum requirements and must also maintain certain documentation with respect to covered fund activities, in each case, as described in the Volcker Rule. While the Corporation s total consolidated assets first exceeded 10 billion during the quarter ended March 31, 2019, the Volcker Rule has not had, and is not expected to have, a material impact on the Corporation or the Bank. 

10 

PART I: ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Deposit Insurance 
 
 The Bank s deposit accounts are currently insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund of the FDIC. The insurance benefit generally covers up to a maximum of 250,000 per separately insured depositor. As an FDIC-insured bank, the Bank is subject to deposit insurance premiums and assessments to maintain the Deposit Insurance Fund. The Bank s deposit insurance premium assessment rate depends on the asset and supervisory categories to which it is assigned. The FDIC has authority to raise or lower assessment rates on insured banks in order to achieve statutorily required reserve ratios in the Deposit Insurance Fund and to impose special additional assessments. 
 
 Deposit insurance assessments are based on average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity. Under the FDIC's risk-based assessment system, insured institutions with a least 10 billion in assets, such as the Bank, are assessed on the basis of a scoring system that combine the institution's regulatory ratings and certain financial measures. The scoring system assesses risk measures to produce two scores, a performance score and a loss severity score, that will be combined and converted to an initial assessment rate. 
 
 The performance score measures an institution's financial performance and its ability to withstand stress. The loss severity score quantifies the relative magnitude of potential losses to the FDIC in the event of an institution's failure. Once the performance and loss severity scores are calculated, those scores are converted to a total score. An institution with a total score of 30 or less will pay the minimum base assessment rate, and an institution with a total score of 90 or more will pay the maximum initial base assessment rate. For total scores between 30 and 90, initial base assessment rates will rise at an increasing rate as the total score increases. 
 
 The FDIC may also terminate deposit insurance upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. 
 
 Dividend Limitations 
 
 The Corporation's principal source of funds for dividend payments to shareholders is dividends received from the Bank. Banking regulations limit the maximum amount of dividends that a bank may pay without requesting prior approval of regulatory agencies. Under these regulations, the amount of dividends that may be paid in any calendar year is limited to the bank s retained income (as defined under the regulations) for the current year plus those for the previous two years, subject to the capital requirements described above. As of December 31, 2022, the amount available for dividends from the Corporation s subsidiaries (both banking and non-banking), without prior regulatory approval or notice, was 288,725,000. 
 
 Brokered Deposits 
 
 Under FDIC regulations, no FDIC-insured depository institution can accept brokered deposits unless it (i) is well capitalized, or (ii) is adequately capitalized and received a waiver from the FDIC. In addition, these regulations prohibit any depository institution that is not well capitalized from (a) paying an interest rate on deposits in excess of 75 basis points over certain prevailing market rates or (b) offering pass through deposit insurance on certain employee benefit plan accounts unless it provides certain notice to affected depositors. The Corporation and the Bank were well capitalized as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Consumer Financial Protection 
 
 The Bank is subject to a number of federal and state consumer protection laws that govern its relationship with customers. These laws include, but are not limited to: 
 the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, religion or other prohibited factors in the extension of credit); 
 the Fair Credit Reporting Act (governing the provision of consumer information to credit reporting agencies and the use of consumer information); 
 the Truth-In-Lending Act (governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers); 
 the Truth-in-Savings Act (which requires disclosure of deposit terms to consumers); 
 the Electronic Funds Transfer Act (governing automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services); 
 the Fair Debt Collection Act (governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies); 
 the Right to Financial Privacy Act (which imposes a duty to maintain the confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records); 
 the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act and Regulation C, requiring financial institutions to provide certain information about home mortgage and refinanced loans; and 
 the respective state-law counterparts to the above laws, as applicable, as well as state usury laws and laws regarding unfair and deceptive acts and practices. 
 
 Violations of applicable consumer protection laws can result in significant potential liability from litigation brought by customers, including actual damages, restitution and attorneys fees. Federal bank regulators, state attorneys general and state and local consumer protection agencies may also seek to enforce consumer protection requirements and obtain these and other remedies, including regulatory sanctions, customer rescission rights, action by the state and local attorneys general in each jurisdiction in which we operate and civil money penalties. Failure to comply with consumer protection requirements may also result in the Corporation s failure to obtain any required bank regulatory approval for merger or acquisition transactions that it may wish to pursue or prohibition from engaging in such transactions even if approval is not required. The CFPB, an independent federal agency created under the Dodd-Frank Act, was granted broad rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement powers under various federal consumer financial protection laws, primarily with authority over banks and their affiliates with assets of more than 10 billion. As stated previously, with its assets having exceeded 10 billion for four consecutive quarters, the Bank and its affiliates became subject to CFPB supervisory and enforcement authority effective as of the beginning of the second quarter of 2020. 
 11 

PART I: ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

The consumer protection provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and the examination, supervision and enforcement of those laws and implementing regulations by the CFPB have created a more complex environment for consumer finance regulation. The CFPB has significant authority to implement and enforce federal consumer finance laws, including the Truth in Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and new requirements for financial services products provided for in the Dodd-Frank Act, as well as the authority to identify and prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices. The review of products and practices to prevent such acts and practices is a continuing focus of the CFPB, and of banking regulators more broadly. The ultimate impact of this heightened scrutiny is uncertain but could result in changes to pricing, practices, products and procedures. It could also result in increased costs related to regulatory oversight, supervision and examination, additional remediation efforts and possible penalties. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act provides the CFPB with broad supervisory, examination and enforcement authority over various consumer financial products and services, including the ability to require reimbursements and other payments to customers for alleged legal violations and to impose significant penalties, as well as injunctive relief that prohibits lenders from engaging in allegedly unlawful practices. The CFPB also has the authority to obtain cease and desist orders providing for affirmative relief or monetary penalties. The Dodd-Frank Act does not prevent states from adopting stricter consumer protection standards. State regulation of financial products and potential enforcement actions could also adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act 
 
 The Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 (the CRA requires depository institutions to assist in meeting the credit needs of their market areas consistent with safe and sound banking practice. Under the CRA, each depository institution is required to help meet the credit needs of its market areas by, among other things, providing investment in and credit to low- and moderate-income individuals and small businesses in those communities. These factors are also considered in evaluating mergers, acquisitions and applications to open a branch or facility. The applicable federal regulators regularly conduct CRA examinations to assess the performance of financial institutions and assign one of four ratings to the institution s records of meeting the credit needs of its community. These ratings are outstanding, satisfactory, needs to improve or substantial noncompliance. During its last examination, a rating of satisfactory was received by the Bank. 
 
 Financial Privacy 
 
 The federal banking regulators adopted rules that limit the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose non-public information about consumers to nonaffiliated third parties. These limitations require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to a nonaffiliated third party. These regulations affect how consumer information is transmitted through diversified financial companies and conveyed to outside vendors. 
 
 The Bank is also subject to regulatory guidelines establishing standards for safeguarding customer information. These guidelines describe the federal banking agencies expectations for the creation, implementation and maintenance of an information security program, which would include administrative, technical and physical safeguards appropriate to the size and complexity of the institution and the nature and scope of its activities. The standards set forth in the guidelines are intended to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer records and information, protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such records and protect against unauthorized access to or use of such records or information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any customer. 
 
 Anti-Money Laundering and the USA Patriot Act 
 
 A major focus of governmental policy on financial institutions in recent years has been aimed at combating money laundering and terrorist financing. The USA Patriot Act of 2001 (the USA Patriot Act substantially broadened the scope of United States anti-money laundering laws and regulations by imposing significant new compliance and due diligence obligations on financial institutions, creating new crimes and penalties and expanding the extra-territorial jurisdiction of the United States. 
 
 The Bank Secrecy Act (the BSA requires financial institutions to develop policies, procedures, and practices to prevent and deter money laundering, and mandates that every bank has a written, board-approved program that is reasonably designed to assure and monitor compliance with the BSA. In addition, banks are required to adopt a customer identification program as part of their BSA compliance program, and are required to file Suspicious Activity Reports when they detect certain known or suspected violations of federal law or suspicious transactions related to a money laundering activity or a violation of the BSA. The Bank is also required to (1) identify and verify, subject to certain exceptions, the identity of the beneficial owners of all legal entity customers at the time a new account is opened, and (2) include, in its anti-money laundering program, risk-based procedures for conducting ongoing customer due diligence, which are to include procedures that: (a) assist in understanding the nature and purpose of customer relationships for the purpose of developing a customer risk profile, and (b) require ongoing monitoring to identify and report suspicious transactions and, on a risk basis, to maintain and update customer information. 
 
 Failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. 
 
 Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation 
 
 The United States has imposed economic sanctions that affect transactions with designated foreign countries, nationals and others which are administered by the U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Assets Control. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious legal and reputational consequences, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. 

12 

PART I: ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

COVID-19 and Related Legislative and Regulatory Actions 
 
 On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization WHO announced that the outbreak of COVID-19 constituted a public health emergency of international concern. On March 11, 2020, WHO declared COVID-19 to be a global pandemic and, on March 13, 2020, the President of the United States declared the COVID-19 outbreak a national emergency. In the two years since then, the pandemic has dramatically impacted global health and the economic environment, including millions of confirmed cases and deaths, business slowdowns or shutdowns, labor shortfalls, supply chain challenges, regulatory challenges, and market volatility. In response to the COVID-19 outbreak in January 2020, the U.S. Congress, through the enactment of the CARES Act in March 2020, and the federal banking agencies, though rulemaking, interpretive guidance and modifications to agency policies and procedures, took a series of actions to provide emergency economic relief measures including, among others, the following: 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program . The CARES Act established the PPP, which is administered by the Small Business Administration SBA ), to fund payroll and operational costs of eligible businesses, organizations and self-employed persons during the pandemic. The Bank actively participated in assisting its customers with PPP funding during all phases of the program. The application period for new PPP loans ended May 31, 2021. The vast majority of the Bank s PPP loans made in 2020 had two-year maturities, while the loans made in 2021 had five-year maturities. Loans under the program earn interest at a fixed rate of 1 percent. Consistent with the terms of the program, virtually all of the Corporation's PPP loans have been forgiven by the SBA. As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation had 4.7 million of PPP loans outstanding compared to the December 31, 2021 balance of 106.6 million. 
 
 Loan Modifications and Troubled Debt Restructures . The CARES Act, as amended by the 2021 CAA, allowed banks to suspend requirements under GAAP, effectively, through January 1, 2022, for certain loan modifications related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The federal banking agencies also issued guidance to encourage banks to make loan modifications for borrowers affected by COVID-19 or offer other borrower friendly options. In accordance with such guidance, the Bank made various short-term modifications for borrowers who were current and otherwise not past due. These included short-term, 180 days or less, modifications in the form of payment deferrals, fee waivers, extensions of repayment terms, or other delays in payment that were insignificant. The Corporation did not have any COVID-19 modifications outstanding as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Regulatory Capital . The CARES Act, the 2021 CAA, and certain actions by federal banking regulators resulted in modifications to, or delays in implementation of, various regulatory capital rules applicable to banking organizations. See - Capital Adequacy Guidelines for Bank Holding Companies (Basel III) above for additional information. 
 
 Additional Matters 
 
 The Corporation and the Bank are subject to the Federal Reserve Act, which restricts financial transactions between banks and affiliated companies. The statute limits credit transactions between banks, affiliated companies and its executive officers and its affiliates. The statute prescribes terms and conditions for bank affiliate transactions deemed to be consistent with safe and sound banking practices. It also restricts the types of collateral security permitted in connection with the bank s extension of credit to an affiliate. Additionally, all transactions with an affiliate must be on terms substantially the same or at least as favorable to the institution as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with non-affiliated parties. 
 
 The earnings of financial institutions are also affected by general economic conditions and prevailing interest rates, both domestic and foreign, and by the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States Government and its various agencies, particularly the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve regulates the supply of credit in order to influence general economic conditions, primarily through open market operations in United States Government obligations, varying the discount rate on financial institution borrowings, varying reserve requirements against financial institution deposits, and restricting certain borrowings by financial institutions and their subsidiaries. The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve have had a significant effect on the operating results of the Bank in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. 
 
 Additional legislation and administrative actions affecting the banking industry may be considered by the United States Congress, state legislatures and various regulatory agencies, including those referred to above. It cannot be predicted with certainty whether such legislation or administrative action will be enacted or the extent to which the banking industry, the Corporation or the Bank would be affected. 
 13 

PART I: ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

STATISTICAL DATA 
 
 The following tables set forth statistical data on the Corporation and its subsidiaries. 

DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY; INTEREST RATES AND INTEREST DIFFERENTIAL 
 
 The daily average balance sheet amounts, the related interest income or interest expense, and average rates earned or paid are presented in the following table: 
 Average Balance Interest Income / Expense Average Rate Average Balance Interest Income / Expense Average Rate Average Balance Interest Income / Expense Average Rate (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Assets: Interest-bearing deposits 296,863 2,503 0.84 521,637 634 0.12 319,686 938 0.29 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 35,580 1,176 3.31 28,736 597 2.08 28,736 1,042 3.63 Investment Securities: (1) 
 Taxable 2,056,586 38,354 1.86 1,751,910 29,951 1.71 1,282,827 24,440 1.91 Tax-exempt (2) 
 2,653,611 85,292 3.21 2,106,180 70,039 3.33 1,440,913 53,596 3.72 Total investment securities 4,710,197 123,646 2.63 3,858,090 99,990 2.59 2,723,740 78,036 2.87 Loans held for sale 14,715 692 4.70 19,190 747 3.89 18,559 781 4.21 Loans: (3) 
 Commercial (6) 
 7,877,271 380,621 4.83 6,818,968 276,368 4.05 6,755,215 286,773 4.25 Real estate mortgage 1,471,802 51,853 3.52 916,314 34,783 3.80 889,083 40,002 4.50 Installment 785,520 37,302 4.75 683,925 26,111 3.82 718,815 30,708 4.27 Tax-exempt (2) 
 793,743 31,803 4.01 732,253 27,987 3.82 669,483 27,194 4.06 Total loans 10,943,051 502,271 4.59 9,170,650 365,996 3.99 9,051,155 385,458 4.26 Total earning assets 15,985,691 629,596 3.94 13,579,113 467,217 3.44 12,123,317 465,474 3.84 Total non-earning assets 1,234,311 1,251,284 1,342,952 Total Assets 17,220,002 14,830,397 13,466,269 Liabilities: Interest-bearing deposits: Interest-bearing deposit accounts 5,206,131 32,511 0.62 4,769,482 14,512 0.30 4,009,566 20,239 0.50 Money market deposit accounts 2,915,397 19,170 0.66 2,351,803 3,203 0.14 1,769,478 7,810 0.44 Savings deposits 1,927,122 5,019 0.26 1,754,972 1,886 0.11 1,534,069 3,641 0.24 Certificates and other time deposits 881,176 6,239 0.71 783,733 3,718 0.47 1,346,967 20,050 1.49 Total interest-bearing deposits 10,929,826 62,939 0.58 9,659,990 23,319 0.24 8,660,080 51,740 0.60 Borrowings 888,392 21,864 2.46 639,791 12,633 1.97 768,238 14,641 1.91 Total interest-bearing liabilities 11,818,218 84,803 0.72 10,299,781 35,952 0.35 9,428,318 66,381 0.70 Noninterest-bearing deposits 3,268,417 2,516,241 2,068,026 Other liabilities 160,922 147,743 144,790 Total Liabilities 15,247,557 12,963,765 11,641,134 Stockholders' Equity 1,972,445 1,866,632 1,825,135 Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 17,220,002 84,803 14,830,397 35,952 13,466,269 66,381 Net Interest Income (FTE) 544,793 431,265 399,093 Net Interest Spread (FTE) (4) 
 3.22 3.09 3.14 Net Interest Margin (FTE): Interest Income (FTE) / Average Earning Assets 3.94 3.44 3.84 Interest Expense / Average Earning Assets 0.53 0.26 0.55 Net Interest Margin (FTE) (5) 
 3.41 3.18 3.29 

______________________________ 
 
 (1) Average balance of securities is computed based on the average of the historical amortized cost balances without the effects of the fair value adjustment. Annualized amounts are computed using a 30/360 day basis. 
 
 (2) Tax-exempt securities and loans are presented on a fully taxable equivalent basis, using a marginal tax rate of 21 percent for 2022, 2021 and 2020. These totals equal 24,590, 20,585 and 16,966, respectively. 
 
 (3) Non-accruing loans have been included in the average balances. 
 
 (4) Net Interest Spread (FTE) is interest income expressed as a percentage of average earning assets minus interest expense expressed as a percentage of average interest-bearing liabilities. 
 
 (5) Net Interest Margin (FTE) is interest income expressed as a percentage of average earning assets minus interest expense expressed as a percentage of average earning assets. 
 
 (6) Commercial loans included 4.7 million, 106.6 million and 667.1 million of Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") loans at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 14 

PART I: ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

ANALYSIS OF CHANGES IN NET INTEREST INCOME 
 
 The following table presents net interest income components on a tax-equivalent basis and reflects changes between periods attributable to movement in either the average balance or average interest rate for both earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The volume differences were computed as the difference in volume between the current and prior year multiplied by the interest rate from the prior year. The interest rate changes were computed as the difference in rate between the current and prior year multiplied by the volume from the prior year. Volume and rate variances have been allocated on the basis of the absolute relationship between volume variances and rate variances. 
 2022 Compared to 2021 Increase (Decrease) Due To 2021 Compared to 2020 Increase (Decrease) Due To 2020 Compared to 2019 Increase (Decrease) Due To (Dollars in Thousands, Fully Taxable Equivalent Basis) Volume Rate Total Volume Rate Total Volume Rate Total Interest Income: Interest-bearing deposits (383) 2,252 1,869 412 (716) (304) 1,467 (4,754) (3,287) Federal Home Loan Bank stock 166 413 579 (445) (445) 151 (479) (328) Investment securities 22,353 1,303 23,656 29,977 (8,023) 21,954 18,895 (8,744) 10,151 Loans held for sale (193) 138 (55) 26 (60) (34) 7 (6) 1 Loans 76,919 59,411 136,330 4,223 (23,651) (19,428) 65,095 (84,648) (19,553) Totals 98,862 63,517 162,379 34,638 (32,895) 1,743 85,615 (98,631) (13,016) Interest Expense: Interest-bearing deposit accounts 1,440 16,559 17,999 3,344 (9,071) (5,727) 8,341 (22,023) (13,682) Money market deposit accounts 941 15,026 15,967 1,997 (6,604) (4,607) 3,951 (10,252) (6,301) Savings deposits 202 2,931 3,133 465 (2,220) (1,755) 1,832 (7,655) (5,823) Certificates and other time deposits 508 2,013 2,521 (6,211) (10,121) (16,332) (5,896) (8,143) (14,039) Borrowings 5,649 3,582 9,231 (2,521) 513 (2,008) 2,911 (5,430) (2,519) Totals 8,740 40,111 48,851 (2,926) (27,503) (30,429) 11,139 (53,503) (42,364) Change in net interest income (fully taxable equivalent basis) 90,122 23,406 113,528 37,564 (5,392) 32,172 74,476 (45,128) 29,348 Tax equivalent adjustment using marginal rate of 21 for 2022, 2021 and 2020 (4,005) (3,619) (3,881) Change in net interest income 109,523 28,553 25,467 

INVESTMENT SECURITIES 
 
 In determining the fair value of the investment securities portfolio, the Corporation utilizes a third party for portfolio accounting services, including market value input, for those securities classified as Level 1 and Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. The Corporation has obtained an understanding of what inputs are being used by the vendor in pricing the portfolio and how the vendor classified these securities based upon these inputs. From these discussions, the Corporation s management is comfortable that the classifications are proper. The Corporation has gained trust in the data for two reasons: (a) independent spot testing of the data is conducted by the Corporation through obtaining market quotes from various brokers on a periodic basis; and (b) actual gains or loss resulting from the sale of certain securities has proven the data to be accurate over time. Fair value of securities classified as Level 3 in the valuation hierarchy were determined using a discounted cash flow model that incorporated market estimates of interest rates and volatility in markets that have not been active. 
 
 The following table summarizes the amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses and approximate fair value of investment securities available for sale at the dates indicated. 
 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Available for sale at December 31, 2022 U.S. Treasury 2,501 42 2,459 U.S. Government-sponsored agency securities 119,154 17,192 101,962 State and municipal 1,530,048 438 178,726 1,351,760 U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities 608,630 1 100,358 508,273 Corporate obligations 13,014 807 12,207 Total available for sale 2,273,347 439 297,125 1,976,661 
 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Available for sale at December 31, 2021 U.S. Treasury 1,000 1 999 U.S. Government-sponsored agency securities 96,244 437 1,545 95,136 State and municipal 1,495,696 81,734 898 1,576,532 U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities 671,684 7,109 11,188 667,605 Corporate obligations 4,031 256 8 4,279 Total available for sale 2,268,655 89,536 13,640 2,344,551 
 15 

PART I: ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Available for sale at December 31, 2020 U.S. Government-sponsored agency securities 43,437 1,571 45,008 State and municipal 1,168,711 89,420 246 1,257,885 U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities 591,210 20,984 103 612,091 Corporate obligations 4,031 104 4,135 Total available for sale 1,807,389 112,079 349 1,919,119 
 
 The following table summarizes the amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses, approximate fair value and allowance for credit losses on investment securities held to maturity at the dates indicated. 
 
 Amortized Cost Allowance for Credit Losses Net Carrying Amount Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Held to maturity at December 31, 2022 U.S. Government-sponsored agency securities 392,246 392,246 69,147 323,099 State and municipal 1,117,552 245 1,117,307 647 197,064 921,135 U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities 776,074 776,074 113,915 662,159 Foreign investment 1,500 1,500 28 1,472 Total held to maturity 2,287,372 245 2,287,127 647 380,154 1,907,865 
 
 Amortized Cost Allowance for Credit Losses Net Carrying Amount Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Held to maturity at December 31, 2021 U.S. Government-sponsored agency securities 371,457 371,457 226 7,268 364,415 State and municipal 1,057,301 245 1,057,056 29,593 2,170 1,084,724 U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities 749,789 749,789 7,957 5,881 751,865 Foreign investment 1,500 1,500 1 1,499 Total held to maturity 2,180,047 245 2,179,802 37,776 15,320 2,202,503 
 
 Amortized Cost Allowance for Credit Losses Net Carrying Amount Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Held to maturity at December 31, 2020 U.S. Government-sponsored agency securities 145,398 145,398 347 220 145,525 State and municipal 619,927 619,927 34,978 32 654,873 U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities 460,843 460,843 17,552 478,395 Foreign investment 1,500 1,500 1,500 Total held to maturity 1,227,668 1,227,668 52,877 252 1,280,293 

In determining the allowance for credit losses on investment securities available for sale that are in an unrealized loss position, the Corporation first assesses whether it intends to sell, or it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met, the security s amortized cost basis is written down to fair value through the income statement. For investment securities available for sale that do not meet the aforementioned criteria, the Corporation evaluates whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors. In making this assessment, the Corporation considers the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency, and adverse conditions specifically related to the security, among other factors. If this assessment indicates that a credit loss exists, the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security are compared to the amortized cost basis of the security. If the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis, a credit loss exists and an allowance for credit losses is recorded for the credit loss, limited by the amount that the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis. Unrealized losses that have not been recorded through an allowance for credit losses is recognized in other comprehensive income. Adjustments to the allowance are reported in the income statement as a component of the provision for credit loss. The Corporation has made the accounting policy election to exclude accrued interest receivable on investment securities available for sale from the estimate of credit losses. Investment securities available for sale are charged off against the allowance or, in the absence of any allowance, written down through the income statement when deemed uncollectible or when either of the aforementioned criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met. The Corporation did not record an allowance for credit losses on its investment securities available for sale as the unrealized losses were attributable to changes in interest rates, not credit quality. 

16 

PART I: ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

The allowance for credit losses on investment securities held to maturity is a contra asset-valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of investment securities held to maturity to present the net amount expected to be collected. Investment securities held to maturity are charged off against the allowance when deemed uncollectible. Adjustments to the allowance are reported in the income statement as a component of the provision for credit loss. The Corporation measures expected credit losses on investment securities held to maturity on a collective basis by major security type with each type sharing similar risk characteristics, and considers historical credit loss information that is adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The Corporation has made the accounting policy election to exclude accrued interest receivable on investment securities held to maturity from the estimate of credit losses. With regard to U.S. Government-sponsored agency and mortgage-backed securities, all these securities are issued by a U.S. government-sponsored entity and have an implicit or explicit government guarantee; therefore, no allowance for credit losses has been recorded for these securities. With regard to securities issued by states and municipalities and other investment securities held to maturity, management considers (1) issuer bond ratings, (2) historical loss rates for given bond ratings, (3) the financial condition of the issuer, and (4) whether issuers continue to make timely principal and interest payments under the contractual terms of the securities. Historical loss rates associated with securities having similar grades as those in the Corporation's portfolio have been insignificant. Furthermore, as of December 31, 2022, there were no past due principal and interest payments associated with these securities. At CECL adoption, an allowance for credit losses of 245,000 was recorded on the state and municipal securities classified as held to maturity based on applying the long-term historical credit loss rate, as published by Moody s, for similarly rated securities. The balance of the allowance for credit losses on investments securities remained unchanged at 245,000 as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The cost and yield for Federal Home Loan Bank stock is included in the table below. 
 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in Thousands) Cost Yield Cost Yield Cost Yield Federal Home Loan Bank stock 38,525 3.1 28,736 2.1 28,736 3.6 Total 38,525 3.1 28,736 2.1 28,736 3.6 
 
 The Corporation s Federal Home Loan Bank stock is primarily in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis and it continued to produce sufficient financial results to pay dividends. 
 
 There were no issuers included in the investment security portfolio at December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020 where the aggregate carrying value of any one issuer exceeded 10 percent of the Corporation's stockholders' equity at those dates. The term "issuer" excludes the U.S. Government and its sponsored agencies and corporations. 
 
 The maturity distribution and average yields for the securities portfolio at December 31, 2022 were: 
 Within 1 Year 1-5 Years 5-10 Years (Dollars in Thousands) Amount Yield (1) 
 Amount Yield (1) 
 Amount Yield (1) 
 Securities available for sale December 31, 2022 U.S. Treasury 1,171 3.6 1,288 2.4 U.S. Government-sponsored agency securities 375 2.7 467 2.3 8,616 1.4 State and municipal 1,263 3.2 9,510 2.9 140,419 3.5 Corporate obligations 12,176 4.3 2,809 3.3 11,265 2.9 161,211 3.4 
 
 Due After Ten Years U.S. Government- Sponsored Mortgage - Backed Securities 
 Total Amount Yield (1) 
 Amount Yield (1) 
 Amount Yield (1) 
 U.S. Treasury 2,459 3.0 U.S. Government-sponsored agency securities 92,504 2.3 101,962 2.3 State and municipal 1,200,568 3.3 1,351,760 3.3 U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities 508,273 2.3 508,273 2.3 Corporate obligations 31 12,207 4.3 1,293,103 3.2 508,273 2.3 1,976,661 3.0 

17 

PART I: ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Within 1 Year 1-5 Years 5-10 Years (Dollars in Thousands) Amount Yield (1) 
 Amount Yield (1) 
 Amount Yield (1) 
 Securities held to maturity at December 31, 2022 U.S. Government-sponsored agency securities 40,991 1.6 59,540 1.2 State and municipal 13,697 4.5 38,206 4.1 87,538 3.6 Foreign investment 1,500 3.5 13,697 4.5 80,697 2.8 147,078 2.6 
 
 Due After Ten Years U.S. Government- Sponsored Mortgage - Backed Securities 
 Total Amount Yield (1) 
 Amount Yield (1) 
 Amount Yield (1) 
 U.S. Government-sponsored agency securities 291,715 1.6 392,246 1.5 State and municipal 978,111 3.0 1,117,552 3.1 U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities 776,074 2.6 776,074 2.6 Foreign investment 1,500 3.5 1,269,826 2.6 776,074 2.6 2,287,372 2.6 
 
 _____________________________ 
 
 (1) Interest yields are presented on a fully taxable equivalent basis using a 21 percent tax rate. 

LOAN PORTFOLIO 
 
 Loans are generated from customers primarily in Indiana, Illinois, Ohio, and Michigan and are typically secured by specific items of collateral, including real property, consumer assets, and business assets. The following table shows the composition of the Corporation s loan portfolio by collateral classification, including purchased credit deteriorated loans, for the years indicated: 
 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 (Dollars in Thousands) Amount Amount Amount Amount Amount Loans at December 31: Commercial and industrial loans 3,437,126 28.6 2,714,565 29.4 2,776,699 30.0 2,109,879 24.9 1,726,664 23.9 Agricultural land, production and other loans to farmers 241,793 2.0 246,442 2.7 281,884 3.0 334,172 4.0 334,325 4.6 Real estate loans: Construction 835,582 6.9 523,066 5.7 484,723 5.2 787,568 9.3 545,729 7.5 Commercial real estate, non-owner occupied 2,407,475 20.1 2,135,459 23.1 2,220,949 24.0 1,902,692 22.4 1,865,544 25.9 Commercial real estate, owner occupied 1,246,528 10.4 986,720 10.7 958,501 10.4 909,695 10.8 724,637 10.0 Residential 2,096,655 17.5 1,159,127 12.5 1,234,741 13.4 1,143,217 13.5 966,421 13.4 Home equity 630,632 5.3 523,754 5.7 508,259 5.5 588,984 7.0 528,157 7.3 Individuals' loans for household and other personal expenditures 175,211 1.4 146,092 1.5 129,479 1.5 135,989 1.6 99,788 1.4 Public finance and other commercial loans 932,892 7.8 806,636 8.7 647,939 7.0 547,114 6.5 433,202 6.0 Loans 12,003,894 100.0 9,241,861 100.0 9,243,174 100.0 8,459,310 100.0 7,224,467 100.0 Allowance for loan/credit losses (223,277) (195,397) (130,648) (80,284) (80,552) Net Loans 11,780,617 9,046,464 9,112,526 8,379,026 7,143,915 

As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation had 4.7 million of Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") loans compared to the December 31, 2021 and 2020 balances of 106.6 million and 667.1 million, respectively. PPP loans are included in the commercial and industrial loan class. Public finance and other commercial loans is primarily comprised of loans secured by states and political subdivisions in the United States. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, and 2018, the remaining fair value discount on acquired loans was 31.3 million, 10.9 million, 23.0 million, 36.6 million, and 30.1 million, respectively. 

18 

PART I: ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

LOAN MATURITIES 
 
 Presented in the table below are the maturities of loans outstanding as of December 31, 2022, by collateral classification. Also presented are the amounts due after one year, classified according to the sensitivity to changes in interest rates. The tables classify variable rate loans pursuant to the contractual repricing dates of the underlying loans, while fixed rate loans are classified by contractual maturity date. 
 
 (Dollars in Thousands) Maturing Within 1 Year Maturing 1-5 Years Maturing Over 5 Years Total Commercial and industrial loans 2,734,276 434,126 268,724 3,437,126 Agricultural land, production and other loans to farmers 89,838 98,828 53,127 241,793 Real estate loans: Construction 698,210 22,764 114,608 835,582 Commercial real estate, non-owner occupied 1,559,106 617,720 230,649 2,407,475 Commercial real estate, owner occupied 472,502 571,800 202,226 1,246,528 Residential 101,370 245,767 1,749,518 2,096,655 Home Equity 610,640 10,255 9,737 630,632 Individuals' loans for household and other personal expenditures 69,432 75,742 30,037 175,211 Public finance and other commercial loans 38,177 21,842 872,873 932,892 Total 6,373,551 2,098,844 3,531,499 12,003,894 

(Dollars in Thousands) Maturing 1-5 Years Maturing Over 5 Years Loans maturing after one year with: Fixed rate 1,406,121 2,956,205 Variable rate 692,723 575,294 Total 2,098,844 3,531,499 

NON-PERFORMING ASSETS 
 
 The table below summarizes non-performing assets for the years indicated: December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Non-performing assets: Non-accrual loans 42,324 43,062 61,471 15,949 26,148 Renegotiated loans 224 329 3,240 841 1,103 Non-performing loans (NPL) 42,548 43,391 64,711 16,790 27,251 OREO and Repossessions 6,431 558 940 7,527 2,179 Non-performing assets (NPA) 48,979 43,949 65,651 24,317 29,430 Loans 90-days or more delinquent and still accruing 1,737 963 746 69 1,855 NPAs and loans 90-days or more delinquent 50,716 44,912 66,397 24,386 31,285 

Loans are reclassified to a non-accruing status when, in management s judgment, the collateral value and financial condition of the borrower do not justify accruing interest. At the time the accrual is discontinued, all unpaid accrued interest is reversed against earnings. Interest income accrued in the prior year, if any, is charged to the allowance for credit losses. Payments subsequently received on non-accrual loans are applied to principal. A loan is returned to accrual status when principal and interest are no longer past due and collectability is probable, typically after a minimum of six consecutive months of performance. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, non-accrual loans totaled 42.3 million, a decrease of 738,000 from December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, and 2018, non-accrual loans include assets acquired of 8.2 million, 3.2 million, 7.9 million, 3.7 million, and 0, respectively. 
 
 Other real estate owned ("OREO") at December 31, 2022 increased 5.9 million from the December 31, 2021 balance of 558,000. The increase is primarily related to one loan with a balance of 5.8 million. At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, OREO did not include any acquired assets. OREO did include assets that were acquired from MBT of 136,000 as of December 31, 2019. OREO did not include any assets acquired as of the year ended 2018. 
 
 Renegotiated loans are loans for which concessions are granted to the borrower due to deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower, resulting in the inability of the borrower to meet the original contractual terms of the loans. These concessions may include interest rate reductions, principal forgiveness, extensions of maturity date or other actions intended to minimize losses. Certain loans restructured may be excluded from restructured loan disclosures in years subsequent to the restructuring if the loans are in compliance with their modified terms. A non-accrual loan that is restructured may remain in non-accrual for a period of approximately six months until the borrower can demonstrate their ability to meet the restructured terms. A borrower's performance prior to the restructuring, as well as after, will be considered in assessing whether the borrower can meet the new terms resulting in the loan being returned to accruing status in a shorter or longer period of time than the standard six months. If the borrower s performance under the modified terms is not reasonably assured, the loan will remain in non-accrual. 

19 

PART I: ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, interest income of 3.0 million was recognized on the non-accruing and renegotiated loans listed in the table above, whereas interest income of 3.2 million would have been recognized under their loan terms. 
 
 In addition to the loans discussed above, management also identified commercial loans totaling 411.6 million as of December 31, 2022 that were deemed to be risk graded criticized. Comparatively, commercial loans risk graded criticized at December 31, 2021 totaled 369.5 million. A loan risk graded criticized is a loan in which there are concerns regarding the borrower s ability to comply with the repayment terms and would include loans graded special mention or worse. 
 
 See additional information regarding loan credit quality in the LOAN QUALITY section of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included as Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 SUMMARY OF CREDIT LOSS EXPERIENCE 
 
 The following table summarizes the credit loss experience, by collateral segment, for the years indicated: 
 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Allowance for credit losses: Balances, January 1 195,397 130,648 80,284 80,552 75,032 Impact of adopting ASC 326 74,055 Balances, January 1, 2021 Post-ASC 326 adoption 195,397 204,703 80,284 80,552 75,032 Charge-offs: Commercial (1) 
 (1,215) (5,849) (8,536) (1,732) (2,316) Commercial real estate (2) 
 (3,017) (4,533) (313) (3,675) (2,741) Construction (6) Consumer (643) (569) (749) Residential (993) (645) (2,177) Consumer Residential (2,369) (1,496) Total Charge-offs (6,601) (11,884) (10,485) (6,621) (7,983) Recoveries: Commercial (1) 
 872 724 819 1,244 2,456 Commercial real estate (2) 
 1,096 580 431 1,289 2,525 Construction 863 1 Consumer 260 401 302 Residential 666 619 993 Consumer Residential 1,096 1,273 Total Recoveries 3,927 2,578 2,176 3,553 6,276 Net Charge-offs (2,674) (9,306) (8,309) (3,068) (1,707) Provisions for credit losses 58,673 2,800 7,227 CECL Day 1 non-PCD provision for credit losses 13,955 CECL Day 1 PCD ACL 16,599 Balance at December 31 223,277 195,397 130,648 80,284 80,552 Ratio of net charge-offs during the period to average loans outstanding during the period 0.02 0.10 0.09 0.04 0.02 

(1) Category includes commercial and industrial, agricultural land, production and other loans to farmers, and other commercial loans. 
 
 (2) Category includes commercial real estate, non-owner occupied and commercial real estate, owner occupied. 

In calculating the allowance for credit losses, the loan portfolio was pooled into loan segments with similar credit risk characteristics. The Corporation pooled consumer and residential loans into one segment at adoption of CECL on January 1, 2021, but prior to adoption, consumer and residential loans were classified in separate segments. Additionally, prior to CECL adoption, construction loans were classified within the commercial real estate segment, but after CECL adoption, construction loans were classified as a separate segment. The acquisition of Level One added 16.6 million in allowance for credit losses on PCD loans and an additional 14.0 million in provision for credit losses on non-PCD loans. Details of the Allowance for Credit Losses and non-performing loans are discussed within the LOAN QUALITY" section of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included as Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

20 

PART I: ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

ALLOCATION OF THE ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
 
 Presented below is an analysis of the composition of the allowance for credit losses and percent of loans in each category to total loans, by collateral segment, as of the years indicated. 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 (Dollars in Thousands) Amount Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent Balance at December 31: Commercial 102,216 38.4 69,935 40.8 47,115 37.9 32,902 32.5 32,657 31.1 Commercial real estate 46,839 30.4 60,665 33.8 51,070 41.8 28,778 45.4 29,609 46.8 Construction 28,955 7.0 20,206 5.6 Consumer 9,648 1.4 4,035 1.6 3,964 1.4 Residential 22,815 18.9 14,569 20.5 14,322 20.7 Consumer Residential 45,267 24.2 44,591 19.8 Totals 223,277 100.0 195,397 100.0 130,648 100.0 80,284 100.0 80,552 100.0 

The allowance for credit losses increased 27.9 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The allowance increased primarily due to 16.6 million of allowance for credit losses on PCD loans acquired in the Level One acquisition established through accounting adjustments on the acquisition date. In addition, a provision of 14.0 million was recorded to establish an allowance for credit losses on non-PCD loans acquired in the Level One acquisition. These increases in the allowance were offset by net charge offs of 2.7 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Loan concentrations are considered to exist when there are amounts loaned to multiple borrowers engaged in similar activities, which would cause them to be similarly impacted by economic or other conditions. At December 31, 2022, two concentrations of commercial loans within a single industry (as segregated by North American Industry Classification System NAICS code were in excess of 10 percent of total loans: Lessors of Residential Buildings and Dwellings and Lessors of Nonresidential Buildings. 
 
 CREDIT LOSS CHARGE-OFF PROCEDURES 
 
 The Corporation maintains an allowance to cover estimated credit losses in its loan portfolio. The allowance is increased by the provision for credit losses and decreased by charge-offs less recoveries. All charge-offs are approved by the senior loan officers or loan committees, depending on the amount of the charge-off and are reported to the Risk and Credit Policy Committee of the Board of Directors. Loans are charged off when a determination is made that all or a portion of a loan is uncollectible. 
 
 PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
 
 Credit losses are a cost of doing business in the banking industry. Although management emphasizes the early detection and charge-off of loan losses, it is inevitable that certain losses, which have not been specifically identified, exist in the portfolio. Accordingly, the provision for credit losses is charged to earnings on an anticipatory basis and recognized credit losses, net of recoveries, are deducted from the established allowance. Over time, all net credit losses are charged to earnings. Based on management s judgment as to the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses, the amount provided in any period may be greater or less than net credit losses for the same period. In any period, the determination of the provision for credit losses is based on management s continuing review and evaluation of the loan portfolio. The evaluation by management includes consideration of the current forecasted economic conditions, past loan loss experience, changes in the composition of the loan portfolio, reasonable and supportable economic forecasts as well as the current condition and amount of loans outstanding. See additional information in the PROVISION EXPENSE AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES section of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included as Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

DEPOSITS 
 
 The average balances, interest expense and average rates on deposits for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are presented in the Part I. Item I. Business section titled "DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY, INTEREST RATES AND INTEREST DIFFERENTIAL" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, certificates of deposit and other time deposits exceeding the FDIC insurance limit of 250,000 mature as follows: 
 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
 Maturing 3 Months or Less Maturing 3-6 Months Maturing 6-12 Months Maturing Over 12 Months Total Uninsured certificates of deposit and other time deposits 68,584 57,766 102,886 11,539 240,775 Percent 28 24 43 5 100 

21 

PART I: ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS 
 
 Borrowings maturing in one year or less are included in the following table: 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Balance at December 31: Federal funds purchased 171,560 Securities sold under repurchase agreements (short-term portion) 167,413 181,577 177,102 Federal Home Loan Bank advances (short-term portion) 460,097 75,097 55,097 Subordinated debentures and other borrowings (short-term portion) 1,182 Total short-term borrowings 800,252 256,674 232,199 
 
 Securities sold under repurchase agreements are categorized as borrowings maturing within one year and are secured by U.S. Government-Sponsored Enterprise obligations. 
 
 Pertinent information with respect to borrowings maturing in one year or less is summarized below: 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Weighted Average Interest Rate on Outstanding Balance at December 31: Federal funds purchased 3.5 1.4 0.3 Securities sold under repurchase agreements (short-term portion) 1.3 0.2 0.2 Federal Home Loan Bank advances (short-term portion) 2.4 2.1 1.8 Subordinated debentures and other borrowings (short-term portion) 1.0 Total short-term borrowings 2.4 0.7 0.6 Weighted Average Interest Rate During the Year: Federal funds purchased 3.0 0.8 0.9 Securities sold under repurchase agreements (short-term portion) 0.6 0.2 0.3 Federal Home Loan Bank advances (short-term portion) 2.5 2.0 1.9 Subordinated debentures and other borrowings (short-term portion) 0.7 Total short-term borrowings 1.8 0.7 0.8 Highest Amount Outstanding at Any Month End During the Year: Federal funds purchased 240,406 80,000 Securities sold under repurchase agreements (short-term portion) 218,882 199,104 197,928 Federal Home Loan Bank advances (short-term portion) 460,000 75,000 131,300 Subordinated debentures and other borrowings (short-term portion) 1,230 Total short-term borrowings 920,518 274,104 409,228 Average Amount Outstanding During the year: Federal funds purchased 44,041 617 13,126 Securities sold under repurchase agreements (short-term portion) 185,082 173,839 180,740 Federal Home Loan Bank advances (short-term portion) 265,822 64,356 67,408 Subordinated debentures and other borrowings (short-term portion) 1,212 Total short-term borrowings 496,157 238,812 261,274 
 22 

PART I: ITEM 1A. AND ITEM 1B. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 There are a number of factors, including those specified below, that may adversely affect the Corporation s business, financial results or stock price. Additional risks that the Corporation currently does not know about or currently views as immaterial may also impair the Corporation s business or adversely impact its financial results or stock price. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 
 The Corporation s business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by epidemics and pandemics, such as the COVID-19 outbreak, or other infectious disease outbreaks. 
 
 The Corporation may face risks related to epidemics, pandemics or other infectious disease outbreaks, which could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect general commercial activity, the global economy (including the states and local economies in which we operate) and financial markets. For example, the spread of COVID-19, which has been identified as a pandemic by the World Health Organization and declared a national emergency in the United States, created a global public-health crisis that resulted in significant economic uncertainty, and has impacted household, business, economic, and market conditions, including in the states and local economies in which we conduct nearly all of our business. 
 
 The continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic, or a new epidemic, pandemic or infectious disease outbreak, may result in the Corporation closing certain offices and may require us to limit how customers conduct business through our branch network. If our employees continue or are required to work remotely, the Corporation will be exposed to increased cybersecurity risks such as phishing, malware, and other cybersecurity attacks, all of which could expose us to liability and could seriously disrupt our business operations. Furthermore, the Corporation s business operations may be disrupted due to vendors and third-party service providers being unable to work or provide services effectively during such a health crisis, including because of illness, quarantines or other government actions. 
 
 In addition, an epidemic, a pandemic or another infectious disease outbreak, or the continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic, could again significantly impact households and businesses, or cause limitations on commercial activity, increased unemployment and general economic and financial instability. An economic slow-down in, or a reversal in the economic recovery of, the regions in which we conduct our business could result in declines in loan demand and collateral values. Furthermore, negative impacts on our customers caused by such a health crisis, including the continuation of COVID-19, could result in increased risk of delinquencies, defaults, foreclosures and losses on our loans. Moreover, governmental and regulatory actions taken in response to an epidemic, a pandemic or another infectious disease outbreak may include decreased interest rates, which could adversely impact the Corporation s interest margins and may lead to decreases in the Corporation s net interest income. 
 
 The extent to which a widespread health crisis, including the continuation of COVID-19, may impact the Corporation s business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as its regulatory capital and liquidity ratios, will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict, including, but not limited to, the duration and severity of the crisis, the potential for seasonal or other resurgences, actions taken by governmental authorities and other third parties to contain and treat an epidemic, a pandemic or another infectious disease outbreak, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. Moreover, the effects of a widespread health crisis, including the continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic, may heighten many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. As a result, the negative effects on the Corporation s business, results of operations and financial condition from an epidemic, a pandemic or another infectious disease outbreak, including the continuation or resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic, could be material. 
 
 As a participating lender in the Small Business Administration s Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP or program ), the Corporation and the Bank are subject to additional risks of litigation from the Bank s clients or other parties in connection with the Bank s processing, funding, and servicing of loans for the PPP. 
 
 On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act established the PPP, which is administered by the SBA, to fund payroll and operational costs of eligible businesses, organizations and self-employed persons during the pandemic. The Bank actively participated in assisting its customers with PPP funding during all phases of the program. Because of the short timeframe between the passing of the CARES Act and the April 3, 2020 opening of the PPP, there was some ambiguity in the laws, rules and guidance regarding the operation of the program, which exposes the Corporation to risks relating to noncompliance with the PPP. Upon commencement of the program, several larger banks have been subject to litigation relating to the policies and procedures that they used in processing applications for the program. The Corporation and the Bank may be exposed to the risk of similar litigation from both customers and non-customers that approached the Bank in connection with PPP loans. 
 
 The Bank may also be exposed to the risk that the SBA or U.S. Department of Justice determines there was a deficiency in the manner in which a PPP loan was originated, funded, or serviced by the Bank, such as an issue with the eligibility of a borrower to receive a PPP loan, which may or may not be related to the ambiguity in the laws, rules and guidance regarding the operation of the program. In the event of a loss resulting from such a determination, the SBA or U.S. Department of Justice may seek recovery of any loss related to the deficiency from the Bank. 
 
 If any PPP-related litigation is filed against the Corporation or the Bank and is not resolved in a manner favorable to the Corporation or the Bank, it may result in significant financial liability or adversely affect the Corporation s reputation. In addition, litigation can be costly, regardless of outcome. Any financial liability, litigation costs or reputational damage caused by PPP-related litigation could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 23 

PART I: ITEM 1A. AND ITEM 1B. 

The Corporation s allowances for credit losses may not be adequate to cover actual losses. 
 
 The Corporation maintains allowances for credit losses for loans, off-balance sheet credit exposures, and debt securities to provide for defaults and nonperformance, which represent estimates of expected losses over the remaining contractual lives of the loan and debt security portfolios. These estimates are the result of the Corporation s continuing evaluation of specific credit risks and loss experience, current loan and debt security portfolio quality, present economic, political and regulatory conditions, industry concentrations, reasonable and supportable forecasts for future conditions, and other factors that may indicate losses. The determination of the appropriate levels of the allowances for loan, off-balance sheet credit exposures, and debt security credit losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and judgment and requires the Corporation to make estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. As a result, the allowances may not be adequate to cover actual losses, and future allowances for credit losses could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 The Corporation adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments as amended, on January 1, 2021, which replaced the previous incurred loss model for measuring credit losses with an expected life of loan loss model described above, referred to as the CECL model. This adoption allowed the Corporation to utilize the CECL standard for each of 2021 and 2022, while its 2020 financial statements were prepared under the incurred loss model. Consistent with rules adopted by federal banking regulators, the Corporation has elected to phase in the cumulative effect of the adoption on its regulatory capital, at a rate of 25 percent per year, over a three-year transition period that began on January 1, 2021. Under that phase-in schedule, the cumulative effect of the adoption will be fully reflected in regulatory capital on January 1, 2024. 
 
 Adoption of the CECL methodology has substantially changed how the Corporation calculates its allowances for credit losses and the ongoing impact of the adoption is dependent on various factors, including credit quality, macroeconomic forecasts and conditions, composition of our loans and securities portfolios, and other management judgments. See NOTE 1. NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. Material additions to the Corporation s allowance through provision expense would materially decrease its net income. There can be no assurance that the Corporation s monitoring procedures and policies will reduce certain lending risks or that the Corporation s allowances for credit losses will be adequate to cover actual losses. 
 
 The Corporation may suffer losses in its loan portfolio despite its underwriting practices. 
 
 The Corporation seeks to mitigate the risks inherent in its loan portfolio by adhering to specific underwriting practices. The Corporation s strategy for credit risk management includes conservative credit policies and underwriting criteria for all loans, as well as an overall credit limit for each customer significantly below legal lending limits. The strategy also emphasizes diversification on a regional geographic, industry and customer level, regular credit quality reviews and management reviews of large credit exposures and loans experiencing deterioration of credit quality. There is a continuous review of the loan portfolio, including an internally administered loan watch list and an independent loan review. The evaluation takes into consideration identified credit problems, as well as the possibility of losses inherent in the loan portfolio that are not specifically identified. Although the Corporation believes that its underwriting criteria are appropriate for the various kinds of loans it makes, the Corporation may incur losses on loans due to the factors previously discussed. 
 
 The Corporation's wholesale funding sources may prove insufficient to replace deposits or support future growth. 
 
 As part of the Corporation's liquidity management, a number of funding sources are used, including core deposits and repayments and maturities of loans and investments. Sources also include brokered certificates of deposit, repurchase agreements, federal funds purchased and FHLB advances. Negative operating results or changes in industry conditions could lead to an inability to replace these additional funding sources at maturity. The Corporation's financial flexibility could be constrained if we are unable to maintain access to funding or if adequate financing is not available to accommodate future growth at acceptable interest rates. Finally, if the Corporation is required to rely more heavily on more expensive funding sources to support future growth, revenues may not increase proportionately to cover the costs. In this case the Corporation's results of operations and financial condition would be negatively affected. 
 
 The Corporation relies on dividends from its subsidiaries for its liquidity needs. 
 
 The Corporation is a separate and distinct legal entity from its bank and non-bank subsidiaries. The Corporation receives substantially all of its cash from dividends paid by its subsidiaries. These dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on the Corporation s stock and interest and principal on its debt. Various federal and state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that the bank subsidiaries may pay to the Corporation. 
 
 Acquisitions may not produce revenue enhancements or cost savings at levels or within timeframes originally anticipated and may result in unforeseen integration difficulties. 
 
 The Corporation regularly explores opportunities to acquire banks, financial institutions, or other financial services businesses or assets. The Corporation cannot predict the number, size or timing of acquisitions. Difficulty in integrating an acquired business or company may cause the Corporation not to realize expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and/or other projected benefits from the acquisition. The integration could result in higher than expected deposit attrition (run-off), loss of key employees, disruption of the Corporation s business or the business of the acquired company, or otherwise adversely affect the Corporation s ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. Also, the negative effect of any divestitures required by regulatory authorities in acquisitions or business combinations may be greater than expected. The Corporation may also issue equity securities in connection with acquisitions, which could cause ownership and economic dilution to current stockholders. 
 24 

PART I: ITEM 1A. AND ITEM 1B. 

The Corporation faces operational risks because the nature of the financial services business involves a high volume of transactions. 
 
 The Corporation operates in diverse markets and relies on the ability of its employees and systems to process a high number of transactions. Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from the Corporation s operations, including, but not limited to, the risk of fraud by employees or persons outside of the Corporation, the execution of unauthorized transactions by employees, errors relating to transaction processing and technology, breaches of the internal control system and compliance requirements and business continuation and disaster recovery. This risk of loss also includes the potential legal actions that could arise as a result of an operational deficiency or as a result of noncompliance with applicable regulatory standards, adverse business decisions or their implementation, and customer attrition due to potential negative publicity. In the event of a breakdown in the internal control system, improper operation of systems or improper employee actions, the Corporation could suffer financial loss, face regulatory action and suffer damage to its reputation. 
 
 Cyber incidents and other security breaches at the Corporation, its service providers or counterparties, or in the business community or markets may negatively impact the Corporation s business or performance. 
 
 The increased use of, and dependence on, information management systems in order to engage with customers and conduct business necessarily creates cyber risk. Despite the significant resources and security measures used by the Corporation, the incentives for threat actors to obtain financial payment information and customer non-public information, or to conduct ransomware will continue to exist. Cyber breach statistics over the past several years evidence the targeting of numerous banking institutions and credit bureaus. Phishing attempts have also significantly increased and political conflict also presents cyber threats by nation states. 
 
 Operational risk is inherent in the Corporation s activities and can present itself in numerous ways, including internal or external fraud, business disruptions or failures, non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations, cyber breach, or failure of third parties, among other events. The result of these could be reputational harm, financial losses, or litigation and regulatory fines for the Bank. The Corporation operates in a fashion that allows operational risk to be in line with its risk appetite. To govern, monitor and control operational risk, the Corporation maintains an Enterprise Risk Management ERM Program, which sets thresholds for risk appetite by key risk areas, such as strategic risk and operational risk. These thresholds are monitored by the Compliance and Internal Audit Departments and key metrics are reported to management and Board committees. 
 
 Use of third-party software and services also exposes the Corporation to cybersecurity risk as numerous service providers host critical data or have direct contact with our bank customers. Although the Corporation adheres to industry standard practices in conducting thorough due diligence of vendors and contract management, should a vendor experience a breach the bank could still suffer reputational harm, and potentially financial losses. Expanded use of cloud-based technologies and providing our customers more internet-based product offerings to continue to remain competitive will serve to increase these potential risks. The Corporation s third-party management program helps to mitigate risks posed by reliance on third and fourth parties. 
 
 To combat these ever-present cyber risks, the Corporation maintains a comprehensive Information Security Program, which includes annual risk assessments, an Incident Response Plan, and a layered control environment meant to detect, prevent, and limit unauthorized or harmful actions across our information technology environment. Standards over information security are Board-approved and various types of control testing is conducted throughout the year, both by internal parties and external ones. Findings are actioned on throughout the year and reported to various committees. The Corporation has adopted the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework for the management and development of cyber-security controls and is an active participant in the financial sector information sharing organization structure, known as the Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center. 
 
 Each year the Information Security Department conducts a cyber incident tabletop exercise for the bank s incident response teams. The bank s executive management team participates in the exercise every two years. The purpose of these tabletops is to simulate a cyber event and work through the event using our Incident Response Plan. This allows our incident response team to become familiar with the logistics of the plan, as well as provide feedback to improve the process and plan. External subject matter experts, such as Bank legal counsel, forensic advisors, marketing agency and insurance broker participate in these exercises. 
 
 Management has established an Information Security Committee in order to assist executive management and the Board of Directors of the Bank in fulfilling their oversight responsibilities related to information security. The Committee reports its activities, key conclusions and recommendations to the Enterprise Risk Management Committee and the Board s Risk and Credit Policy Committee of the Board on a quarterly basis. 
 
 At the Information Security Committee, security-related policies and standards are reviewed and approved, annual risk assessment results and action plans are noted, annual penetration test reports shared, current security incidents discussed, and relevant cyber risks and trends are presented. 
 
 The Corporation s Board of Directors has delegated primary responsibility for oversight of cybersecurity risk to its Risk and Credit Policy Committee, with its Audit Committee also considering cyber risk as part of financial oversight. The Information Security Department provides an annual update to the Risk and Credit Policy Committee of the Board on the state of the Information Security Program. This cybersecurity deep dive includes review of key security incidents and review of the Information Security Policy, Information Security Program, the Incident Response Plan, and the Acceptable Use Policy. The Board is then presented with the update by the Chair of the Risk and Credit Policy Committee. 
 
 The Board considers cybersecurity risks in business strategy by getting updates on the Bank s cybersecurity risk assessment. It assesses the experience of management personnel responsible for preventing, mitigating, detecting and remediating any cyber incidents, including the Chief Information Security Officer. 
 
 In 2022, the Board appointed Jason Sondhi to its Board of Directors. Mr. Sondhi is the Board s cybersecurity expert. Mr. Sondhi and his company provide endpoint detection and incident response, vulnerability scans, security information and event management, security employee training and vCISO services. 
 25 

PART I: ITEM 1A. AND ITEM 1B. 

The Corporation continually encounters technological change. 
 
 The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables the financial institutions to better serve customers to reduce costs. The Corporation's future success depends, in part, upon its ability to address customer needs by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in the Corporation's operations. The Corporation may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological changes affecting the financial services industry could negatively affect the Corporation's growth, revenue and profit. In addition, the Corporation relies upon the expertise and support of third-party service providers to help implement, maintain and/or service certain of its core technology solutions. If the Corporation cannot effectively manage these service providers, the service parties fail to materially perform, or the Corporation was to falter in any of the other noted areas, its business or performance could be negatively impacted. 
 
 The Corporation is subject to environmental liability risk associated with our Bank branches and any real estate collateral we acquire upon foreclosure. 
 
 A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real property. During the ordinary course of business, we may foreclose on and take title to properties securing certain loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. The costs associated with investigation and remediation activities could be substantial. If hazardous or toxic substances are found, we may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage, including damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the property. Although we have policies and procedures to perform an environmental review before initiating foreclosure, these actions may not be sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. 
 
 We also have an extensive branch network, owning branch locations throughout the areas we serve that may be subject to similar environmental liability risks. Environmental laws may require us to incur substantial expenses and could materially reduce the affected property's value or limit our ability to use or sell the affected property. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Significant legal actions could subject the Corporation to substantial uninsured liabilities. 
 
 The Corporation is from time to time subject to claims related to its operations. These claims and legal actions, including supervisory actions by the Corporation s regulators, could involve large monetary claims and significant defense costs. To protect itself from the cost of these claims, the Corporation maintains insurance coverage in amounts and with deductibles that it believes are appropriate for its operations. However, the Corporation s insurance coverage may not cover all claims against the Corporation or continue to be available to the Corporation at a reasonable cost. As a result, the Corporation may be exposed to substantial uninsured liabilities, which could adversely affect the Corporation s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The Corporation s controls and procedures may fail or be circumvented. 
 
 Management regularly reviews and updates the Corporation s internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures. Any system of controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. Any failure or circumvention of the Corporation s controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The Corporation s methods of reducing risk exposure may not be effective. 
 
 The Corporation maintains a comprehensive risk management program designed to identify, quantify, manage, mitigate, monitor, aggregate, and report risks. However, instruments, systems and strategies used to hedge or otherwise manage exposure to various types of credit, market, liquidity, operational, compliance, financial reporting and strategic risks could be less effective than anticipated. As a result, the Corporation may not be able to effectively mitigate its risk exposures in particular market environments or against particular types of risk, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 26 

PART I: ITEM 1A. AND ITEM 1B. 

The Corporation s reported financial results depend on management s selection of accounting methods and certain assumptions and estimates. 
 
 The Corporation s accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how it records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. The Corporation s management must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting policies and methods, so they comply with GAAP and reflect management s judgment of the most appropriate manner to report the Corporation s financial condition and results. In some cases, management must select the accounting policy or method to apply from two or more alternatives, any of which might be reasonable under the circumstances yet might result in the Corporation reporting materially different results than would have been reported under a different alternative. Certain accounting policies are critical to presenting the Corporation s financial condition and results, and require management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments about matters that are uncertain. Materially different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions or estimates. These critical accounting policies include: the allowances for credit losses; the valuation of investment securities; the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets; pension accounting; and the accounting related to acquisitions. Because of the uncertainty of estimates involved in these matters, the Corporation may be required to do one or more of the following: significantly increase the allowances for credit losses and/or sustain credit losses that are significantly higher than the reserve provided; recognize significant provision for impairment of its investment securities; recognize significant impairment on its goodwill and intangible assets; significantly increase its pension liability; or modify the purchase price allocation of an acquisition. As part of its function of assisting the Corporation s Board of Directors in discharging its responsibility of ensuring all types of risk to the organization are properly being managed, mitigated and monitored by management, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors oversees management s accounting policies and methods. For more information, refer to NOTE 1. NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 A write-down of all or part of the Corporation s goodwill could materially reduce its net income and net worth. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Corporation had goodwill of 712.0 million recorded on its consolidated balance sheet. Under ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other, the Corporation is required to evaluate goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, as well as on an interim basis, if events or changes indicate that the asset may be impaired. An impairment loss must be recognized for any excess of carrying value over the fair value of goodwill. The fair value is determined based on internal valuations using management s assumptions of future growth rates, future attrition, discount rates, multiples of earnings or other relevant factors. The resulting estimated fair value could result in material write-downs of goodwill and recording of impairment losses. Such a write-down could materially reduce the Corporation s net income and overall net worth. The Corporation also cannot predict the occurrence of certain future events that might adversely affect the fair value of goodwill. Such events include, but are not limited to, strategic decisions made in response to economic and competitive conditions, the effect of the economic environment on the Corporation s customer base, or a material negative change in its relationship with significant customers. 
 
 Changes in accounting standards could materially impact the Corporation s financial statements. 
 
 From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board changes the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Corporation s financial statements. These changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how the Corporation records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, the Corporation could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively; resulting in the restatement of prior period financial statements. 
 
 Negative publicity could damage the Corporation s reputation and adversely impact its business and financial results. 
 
 Reputation risk, or the risk to the Corporation s earnings and capital from negative publicity, is inherent in the Corporation s business. Negative publicity can result from the Corporation s actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, corporate governance and acquisitions, and actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. Negative publicity can adversely affect the Corporation s ability to keep and attract customers and can expose the Corporation to litigation and regulatory action. Although the Corporation takes steps to minimize reputation risk in dealing with customers and other constituencies, the Corporation is inherently exposed to this risk. 
 
 Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to the Corporation s environmental, social and governance practices may impose additional costs on the Corporation or expose it to new or additional risks. 
 
 Companies are facing increasing scrutiny from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to their environmental, social and governance ESG practices and disclosure. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds and influential investors are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to the environment, health and safety, diversity, labor conditions and human rights. Increased ESG-related compliance costs for the Corporation as well as among our suppliers, vendors and various other parties within our supply chain could result in increases to our overall operational costs. Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively impact our reputation, ability to do business with certain partners, access to capital, and our stock price. New government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure. 
 27 

PART I: ITEM 1A. AND ITEM 1B. 

Climate change and related legislative and regulatory initiatives may materially affect the Corporation s business and results of operations. 
 
 The global business community has increased its political and social awareness surrounding the state of the global environment and the issue of climate change. Further, the U.S. Congress, state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies continue to propose numerous initiatives related to climate change. Similar and even more expansive initiatives are expected under the current administration, including potentially increasing supervisory expectations with respect to banks risk management practices, accounting for the effects of climate change in stress testing scenarios and systemic risk assessments, revising expectations for credit portfolio concentrations based on climate-related factors and encouraging investment by banks in climate-related initiatives and lending to communities disproportionately impacted by the effects of climate change. The lack of empirical data surrounding the credit and other financial risks posed by climate change make it impossible to predict how specifically climate change may impact our financial condition and results of operations. To the extent our customers experience unpredictable and more frequent weather disasters attributed to climate change, the value of real property securing the loans in our portfolios may be negatively impacted. Additionally, if insurance obtained by our borrowers is insufficient to cover any disaster-related losses sustained to the collateral, or if insurance coverage is otherwise unavailable to our borrowers, the collateral securing our loans may be negatively impacted by climate change, which could impact our financial condition and results of operations. Further, the effects of weather disasters attributed to climate change may negatively impact regional and local economic activity, which could lead to an adverse effect on our customers and impact the communities in which we operate. Overall, climate change, its effects and the resulting, unknown impact could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Corporation may not be able to pay dividends in the future in accordance with past practice. 
 
 The Corporation has traditionally paid a quarterly dividend to common stockholders. The payment of dividends is subject to legal and regulatory restrictions. Any payment of dividends in the future will depend, in large part, on the Corporation s earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and other factors considered relevant by the Corporation s Board of Directors. 
 
 Market and Industry Risks 
 
 The Corporation s business and financial results are significantly affected by general business and economic conditions. 
 
 The Corporation s business activities and earnings are affected by general business conditions in the United States and abroad. These conditions include short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation, monetary supply, fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets, and the strength of the United States economy and the state and local economies in which the Corporation operates. The Corporation's offices are primarily located in Indiana, Illinois, Ohio and Michigan. Worsening economic conditions in our market areas could negatively impact the financial condition, results of operations and stock price of the Corporation. For example, a prolonged economic downturn, increases in unemployment, or other events that affect household and/or corporate incomes could result in deterioration of credit quality, an increase in the allowances for credit losses, or reduced demand for loan or fee-based products and services. Changes in the financial performance and condition of the Corporation s borrowers could negatively affect repayment of those borrowers loans. In addition, changes in securities market conditions and monetary fluctuations could adversely affect the availability and terms of funding necessary to meet the Corporation s liquidity needs. 
 
 Changes in the domestic interest rate environment could affect the Corporation s net interest income as well as the valuation of assets and liabilities. 
 
 The operations of financial institutions, such as the Corporation, are dependent to a large degree on net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from loans and investments and interest expense on deposits and borrowings. An institution s net interest income is significantly affected by market rates of interest, which in turn are affected by prevailing economic conditions, by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government and by the policies of various regulatory agencies. In addition to affecting profitability, changes in interest rates can impact the valuation of assets and liabilities. For example, changes in reference rates linked to financial instruments, such as the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), may adversely affect the value of financial instruments the Corporation holds or issues and related net interest income. Rate changes can also affect the ability of borrowers to meet obligations under variable or adjustable rate loans which in turn affect loss rates on those assets. Also, the demand for interest rate based products and services, including loans and deposit accounts, may decline resulting in the flow of funds away from financial institutions into direct investments. Direct investments, such as U.S. Government and corporate securities and other investment vehicles, including mutual funds, generally pay higher rates of return than financial institutions, because of the absence of federal insurance premiums and reserve requirements. 
 
 As a result of a widespread health crisis such as an epidemic, a pandemic or another infectious disease outbreak, the Federal Reserve may take steps to partially mitigate the adverse effects. For example, as a part of the unprecedented containment efforts and financial assistance undertaken by the U.S. Government relating to COVID-19, in March 2020, the Federal Open Market Committee (the FOMC had reduced the target range for the federal funds rate to 0 percent to 0.25 percent. The Federal Reserve also initiated a program to purchase an indeterminate amount of Treasury securities and agency mortgage-backed securities, corporate bonds and other investments, and numerous facilities to support the flow of credit to households and businesses. These activities also had the effect of suppressing long-term interest rates. 
 
 Beginning in the first half of 2022, in response to growing signs of inflation, the FOMC began increasing the federal funds benchmark rapidly and the Federal Reserve announced its intention to take actions to mitigate inflationary pressures by continuing to further reduce its purchase program. Rapid changes in interest rates makes it challenging for the Bank to balance its loan and deposit portfolios, which may adversely affect the Corporation s results of operations by reducing asset yields or spreads or having other adverse impacts on our business. As discussed above, the increased market interest rates could also adversely affect the ability of our floating-rate borrowers to meet their higher payment obligations. If this occurred, it could cause an increase in nonperforming assets and charge offs, which could adversely affect our business. Conversely, decreases in interest rates could result in an acceleration of loan prepayments. 

28 

PART I: ITEM 1A. AND ITEM 1B. 

While it is expected that, in order to combat inflationary trends, the Federal Reserve will continue to further increase the target federal funds rate in 2023, and maintain that higher rate throughout the year, if the Federal Reserve were to aggressively lower the target federal funds, those lower rates could pressure our interest rate spread and may adversely affect our results of operations. On the other hand, increases in interest rates, to combat inflation or otherwise, may result in a change in the mix of the Bank s noninterest and interest-bearing accounts. We are unable to predict changes in interest rates, which are affected by factors beyond our control, including inflation, deflation, recession, unemployment, money supply and other changes in financial markets. However, generally, if the interest rates on the Bank s interest-bearing liabilities increase at a faster pace than the interest rates on its interest-earning assets, the result would be a reduction in net interest income and with it, a reduction in net earnings. 
 
 The replacement of the LIBOR benchmark interest rate may have an impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 In March 2021, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, the authority regulating LIBOR, announced that, among other things: (i) a majority of the current LIBOR rate settings would cease to exist immediately after December 31, 2021 (including the 1-week and 2-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings); and (ii) the 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings would cease to exist after June 30, 2023. LIBOR is commonly referenced in financial contracts and the Corporation has exposure to the termination of this interest rate index in loans, derivatives, debt agreements, and other instruments. 
 
 To identify a successor rate for U.S. dollar LIBOR, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ARRC ), a U.S.-based group convened by the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, was formed. The ARRC has identified the SOFR as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR. SOFR is a measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight, collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities, and is based on directly observable U.S. Treasury-backed repurchase transactions. 
 
 On March 15, 2022, the Adjustable Interest Rate Act (the LIBOR Act was signed into law. The LIBOR Act establishes a uniform national approach for replacing LIBOR in legacy contracts that do not provide for the use of a clearly defined replacement benchmark rate. As directed by the LIBOR Act, on December 16, 2022, the Federal Reserve issued a final rule setting forth regulations to implement the LIBOR Act, including establishing benchmark replacements based on SOFR for contracts governed by U.S. law that reference certain tenors of U.S. dollar LIBOR (the overnight and one-, three-, six-, and 12-month tenors) and that do not have terms that provide for the use of a clearly defined and practicable replacement benchmark rate fallback provisions following the first London banking day after June 30, 2023. The LIBOR Act also contains safe harbor provisions protecting lenders (as well as determining and calculating persons) for (i) the selection or use of a Board-selected SOFR-based benchmark replacement, (ii) the implementation of benchmark replacement conforming changes, or (iii) the determination of benchmark replacement conforming changes for contracts other than consumer loans. 
 
 As federal banking regulators required banks to stop originating new products using LIBOR by December 31, 2021, the Bank began primarily using SOFR in originating its indexed-based loans and other products following such date. The Bank is also continuing the transition of its existing LIBOR-based exposures to an appropriate alternative reference rate on or before June 30, 2023. Existing contracts without fallback provisions are expected to either be amended prior to June 30, 2023 to include such provisions or to transition to an alternative reference rate pursuant to the terms of the LIBOR Act and the related regulations. 
 
 While the regulatory framework for transition away from LIBOR to an alternative reference rate has been established, the transition could have a range of adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations, which effects are unknown at this time. 
 
 Changes in the laws, regulations and policies governing banks and financial services companies could alter the Corporation s business environment and adversely affect operations. 
 
 The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States. Its fiscal and monetary policies determine in a large part the Corporation s cost of funds for lending and investing and the return that can be earned on those loans and investments, both of which affect the Corporation s net interest margin. Federal Reserve Board policies can also materially affect the value of financial instruments that the Corporation holds, such as debt securities. The Corporation and the Bank are heavily regulated at the federal and state levels. This regulation is to protect depositors, federal deposit insurance funds and the banking system as a whole. Congress and state legislatures and federal and state agencies continually review banking laws, regulations and policies for possible changes. After the Great Recession, efforts to promote the safety and soundness of financial institutions, financial market stability, the transparency and liquidity of financial markets, and consumer and investor protection resulted in increased regulation in the financial services industry. Regulatory agencies have intensified their examination practices and enforcement of laws and regulations. Compliance with regulations and other supervisory initiatives could increase the Corporation s expenses and reduce revenues by limiting the types of financial services and products that the Corporation offers and/or increasing the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products. See a description of recent legislation in the REGULATION AND SUPERVISION OF FIRST MERCHANTS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES section of Item 1: Business of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The banking industry, as well as the broader economy, may be subject to new legislation, regulation, and government policy. Future legislation, regulation, and government policy could affect the banking industry as a whole, including our business and results of operations, in a way that cannot accurately be predicted. In addition, our financial condition and results of operations also could be adversely affected by changes in the way in which existing statutes and regulations are interpreted or applied by courts and government agencies. 
 
 Certain regulations require the Corporation to maintain certain capital ratios, such as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets. Both the Dodd-Frank Act, which reformed the regulation of financial institutions in a comprehensive manner, and the Basel III regulatory capital reforms, which increase both the amount and quality of capital that financial institutions must hold, impact capital requirements. If the Corporation is unable to satisfy these heightened regulatory capital requirements, due to a decline in the value of the loan portfolio or otherwise, raising additional capital or disposing of assets could be required. Additional capital could be raised by selling additional shares of common stock, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for common stock, which could significantly dilute the ownership percentages of stockholders and cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Events or circumstances in the capital markets generally may increase capital costs and impair the ability to raise capital at any given time. Disposal of assets cannot guarantee disposal at prices appropriate for the disposition, and future operating results could be negatively affected. 
 29 

PART I: ITEM 1A. AND ITEM 1B. 

Our FDIC insurance premiums may increase, and special assessments could be made, which might negatively impact our results of operations. 
 
 Since the Deposit Insurance Fund is funded by premiums and assessments paid by insured banks, our FDIC insurance premium could increase in future years depending upon the FDIC s actual loss experience, changes in the Bank s financial condition or capital strength, and future conditions in the banking industry. See the Deposit Insurance section of REGULATION AND SUPERVISION OF FIRST MERCHANTS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES in Item 1: Business of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 The banking and financial services industry is highly competitive, and competitive pressures could intensify and adversely affect the Corporation s financial results. 
 
 The Corporation operates in a highly competitive industry that could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and continued consolidation. The Corporation competes with other banks, savings and loan associations, mutual savings banks, finance companies, mortgage banking companies, credit unions and investment companies. In addition, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-bank, financial technology companies to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks. Many of the Corporation s competitors have fewer regulatory constraints, greater resources and lower cost structures allowing them to aggressively price their products. Such competitive pressures make it more difficult for the Corporation to attract and retain customers across its business lines. Also, the demands of adapting to industry changes in technology and systems, on which the Corporation and financial services industry are highly dependent, could present operational issues and require capital spending. 
 
 Additionally, our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key people. Competition for the best people in many activities for which the Corporation is engaged is intense and we may not be able to hire people and retain them. The COVID-19 pandemic, along with general economic conditions, has made it even more difficult to retain existing employees and to attract new employees. The unexpected loss of services of key personnel could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations because of their customer relationships, skills, knowledge of our markets, years of industry experience and the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. In addition, the scope and content of U.S. banking regulators policies on incentive compensation, as well as changes to these policies, could adversely affect our ability to hire, retain and motivate our key employees. 
 
 Changes in tax legislation could materially impact the Corporation s business and financial results and the Corporation may have exposure to tax liabilities that are larger than it anticipates. 
 
 The tax laws applicable to our business activities, including the laws of the United States and the State governments where the Corporation has tax nexus, are subject to interpretation and may change over time. From time to time, legislative initiatives, such as corporate tax rate changes, which may impact our effective tax rate and could adversely affect our deferred tax assets or our tax positions or liabilities, may be enacted. The taxing authorities in the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our tax positions, which could increase our effective tax rate and harm our financial position and results of operations. In addition, our future income taxes could be adversely affected by earnings being higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates or by changes in tax laws, regulations or accounting principles. We are subject to audit and review by U.S. federal and state tax authorities. Any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could have a negative effect on our financial position and results of operations. In addition, the determination of our provision for income taxes and other liabilities requires significant judgment by management. Although we believe that our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and could have a material adverse effect on our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 A disaster, natural or otherwise, acts of terrorism and political or military actions taken by the United States or other governments could adversely affect the Corporation s business, directly or indirectly. 
 
 Disasters (such as tornadoes, floods, and other severe weather conditions, pandemics, fires, and other catastrophic accidents or events) and terrorist activities and the impact of these occurrences cannot be predicted. Such occurrences could harm the Corporation s operations and financial condition directly through interference with communications and through the destruction of facilities and operational, financial and management information systems and/or indirectly by adversely affecting economic and industry conditions. These events could prevent the Corporation from gathering deposits, originating loans and processing and controlling its flow of business by affecting borrowers, depositors, suppliers or other counterparties. The Corporation s ability to mitigate the adverse impact of these occurrences would depend in part on the Corporation s business continuity planning, the ability to anticipate any such event occurring, the preparedness of national or regional emergency responders, and continuity planning of parties the Corporation deals with. 
 
 The Corporation s stock price can be volatile. 
 
 The Corporation s stock price can fluctuate widely in response to a variety of factors, including: actual or anticipated variations in the Corporation s quarterly operating results; recommendations by securities analysts; significant acquisitions or business combinations; strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to the Corporation; new technology used or services offered by the Corporation s competitors; news reports relating to trends, concerns and other issues in the banking and financial services industry, and changes in government regulations. General market fluctuations, industry factors and general economic and political conditions and events, including terrorist attacks, increased inflation, economic slowdowns or recessions, interest rate changes, credit loss trends or currency fluctuations, could also cause the Corporation s stock price to decrease, regardless of the Corporation s operating results. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 
 None. 
 30 

PART I: ITEM 2., ITEM 3. AND ITEM 4. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 
 The headquarters of the Corporation and the Bank are located at 200 East Jackson Street, Muncie, Indiana. The building is owned by the Bank. 
 
 The Bank conducts business through numerous facilities owned and leased. Of the 122 banking offices operated by the Bank, 96 are owned and 26 are leased from non-affiliated third parties. 
 
 None of the properties owned by the Corporation are subject to any major encumbrances. The net investment of the Corporation and subsidiaries in real estate and equipment at December 31, 2022 was 117.1 million. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS . 
 
 There are no pending legal proceedings, other than litigation incidental to the ordinary course of business of the Corporation and its subsidiaries, of a material nature to which the Corporation or its subsidiaries is a party, or of which any of their properties are subject. Further, there are no material legal proceedings in which any director, officer, principal shareholder, or affiliate of the Corporation, or any associate of any such director, officer or principal shareholder, is a party, or has a material interest, adverse to the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries. 
 
 None of the routine legal proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, in which the Corporation or its affiliates are involved are expected to have a material adverse impact on the financial position or the results of operations of the Corporation. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 31 

PART II: ITEM 5. AND ITEM 6. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 
 The following graph compares the cumulative 5-year total return to shareholders on First Merchants Corporation s common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the Russell 2000 index and the KBW Nasdaq Regional Banking Index. The graph assumes that the value of the investment in the Corporation s common stock and in each of the indexes (including reinvestment of dividends) was 100 on December 31, 2017 and tracks it through December 31, 2022. 

Period Ending Index 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 First Merchants Corporation 100.00 83.07 103.53 96.35 110.80 112.03 Russell 2000 Index 100.00 88.99 111.70 134.00 153.85 122.41 KBW Nasdaq Regional Banking Index 100.00 82.50 102.15 93.25 127.42 118.59 

The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

COMMON STOCK LISTING 
 
 First Merchants Corporation common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol FRME. At the close of business on February 23, 2023, the number of shares outstanding was 59,640,348. There were 4,258 stockholders of record on that date. 

32 

PART II: ITEM 5. AND ITEM 6. 

PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASES 
 
 The following table presents information relating to our purchases of equity securities during the three months ended December 31, 2022, as follows: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as part of Publicly announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that may yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) 
 October, 2022 301 42.01 2,686,898 November, 2022 99 43.96 2,686,898 December, 2022 2,686,898 

(1) During the three months ended December 31, 2022, there were no shares repurchased pursuant to the Corporation's share repurchase program described in note (2) below. The share repurchases in October and November 2022 represent share repurchases pursuant to net settlement by employees in satisfaction of income tax withholding obligations incurred through the vesting of the Corporation's restricted stock awards and are not a part of the Corporation's share repurchase program described in note (2) below. 
 
 (2) On January 27, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Corporation approved a stock repurchase program of up to 3,333,000 shares of the Corporation s outstanding common stock; provided, however, that the total aggregate investment in shares repurchased under the program may not exceed 100,000,000. The program does not have an expiration date. However, it may be discontinued by the Board at any time. Since commencing the program, the Corporation has repurchased a total of 646,102 shares of common stock for a total aggregate investment of 25,443,391. 

EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 
 
 See Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans. 

33 

PART II: ITEM 5. AND ITEM 6. 

ITEM 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 34 

PART II: ITEM 7. AND ITEM 7A. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The historical consolidated financial data discussed below reflects our historical results of operations and financial condition and should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes thereto presented in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical financial data, this discussion includes certain forward-looking statements regarding events and trends that may affect our future results. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. See our cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements." For a more complete discussion of the factors that could affect our future results, see Risk Factors under Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 First Merchants Corporation (the Corporation is a financial holding company headquartered in Muncie, Indiana and was organized in September 1982. The Corporation s common stock is traded on the Nasdaq s Global Select Market System under the symbol FRME. The Corporation conducts its banking operations through First Merchants Bank (the Bank ), a wholly-owned subsidiary that opened for business in Muncie, Indiana, in March 1893. The Bank also operates First Merchants Private Wealth Advisors (a division of First Merchants Bank). The Bank includes 122 banking locations in Indiana, Ohio, Michigan and Illinois. In addition to its branch network, the Corporation offers comprehensive electronic and mobile delivery channels to its customers. The Corporation s business activities are currently limited to one significant business segment, which is community banking. 
 
 Through the Bank, the Corporation offers a broad range of financial services, including accepting time, savings and demand deposits; making consumer, commercial, agri-business, public finance and real estate mortgage loans; providing personal and corporate trust services; offering full-service brokerage and private wealth management; and providing letters of credit, repurchase agreements and other corporate services. 
 
 HIGHLIGHTS FOR 2022 
 
 Net income available to common stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 220.7 million compared to 205.5 million for the year ended 2021, an increase of 7.4 percent. Earnings per fully diluted common share totaled 3.81 for 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The acquisition of Level One Bancorp, Inc. Level One ), with 17 banking center locations in Michigan, became effective on April 1, 2022, with the core system integration being completed in August 2022. 
 
 Adjusted net income available to common stockholders for 2022, excluding income on Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") loans and acquisition-related costs of the Level One acquisition, was 243.4 million and adjusted diluted earnings per common share totaled 4.20, compared to 182.2 million and 3.38, respectively, in 2021. These adjusted net income and earnings per share amounts are non-GAAP measures. For reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their most comparable GAAP measures, see "NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES" within the "Results of Operations" section of this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Total loans grew 2.8 billion during 2022, which included 1.6 billion from the acquisition of Level One. Excluding the forgiveness of 145.3 million in PPP loans, organic loan growth totaled 1.3 billion, or 13.9 percent during the year. 
 
 Net interest income totaled 520.2 million in 2022, an increase of 109.5 million, or 26.7 percent over 2021. 
 
 Return on average assets was 1.29 percent and the return on average equity was 11.19 percent. 

COVID-19 AND RELATED LEGISLATIVE AND REGULATORY ACTIONS 
 
 On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization WHO announced that the outbreak of COVID-19 constituted a public health emergency of international concern. On March 11, 2020, WHO declared COVID-19 to be a global pandemic and, on March 13, 2020, the President of the United States declared the COVID-19 outbreak a national emergency. In the two years since then, the pandemic has dramatically impacted global health and the economic environment, including millions of confirmed cases and deaths, business slowdowns or shutdowns, labor shortfalls, supply chain challenges, regulatory challenges, and market volatility. In response to the COVID-19 outbreak, the U.S. Congress, through the enactment of the CARES Act in March 2020, and the federal banking agencies, though rulemaking, interpretive guidance and modifications to agency policies and procedures, took a series of actions to provide emergency economic relief measures including, among others, the following: 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program . The CARES Act established the PPP, which is administered by the Small Business Administration SBA ), to fund payroll and operational costs of eligible businesses, organizations and self-employed persons during the pandemic. The Bank actively participated in assisting its customers with PPP funding during all phases of the program. The application period for new PPP loans ended May 31, 2021. The vast majority of the Bank s PPP loans made in 2020 had two-year maturities, while the loans made in 2021 had five-year maturities. Loans under the program earn interest at a fixed rate of 1 percent. Consistent with the terms of the program, virtually all of the Corporation's PPP loans have been forgiven by the SBA. As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation had 4.7 million of PPP loans outstanding compared to the December 31, 2021 balance of 106.6 million. 
 
 Loan Modifications and Troubled Debt Restructures . The CARES Act, as amended by the 2021 CAA, allowed banks to suspend requirements under GAAP, effectively, through January 1, 2022, for certain loan modifications related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The federal banking agencies also issued guidance to encourage banks to make loan modifications for borrowers affected by COVID-19 or offer other borrower friendly options. In accordance with such guidance, the Bank made various short-term modifications for borrowers who were current and otherwise not past due. These included short-term, 180 days or less, modifications in the form of payment deferrals, fee waivers, extensions of repayment terms, or other delays in payment that were insignificant. The Corporation did not have any COVID-19 modifications outstanding as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 35 

PART II: ITEM 7. AND ITEM 7A. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Regulatory Capital . The CARES Act, the 2021 CAA, and certain actions by federal banking regulators resulted in modifications to, or delays in implementation of, various regulatory capital rules applicable to banking organizations. See - Capital Adequacy Guidelines for Bank Holding Companies (Basel III) above for additional information. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 Generally accepted accounting principles require management to apply significant judgment to certain accounting, reporting and disclosure matters. Management must use assumptions and estimates to apply those principles where actual measurement is not possible or practical. The judgments and assumptions made are based upon historical experience or other factors that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Because of the nature of the judgments and assumptions, actual results could differ from estimates, which could have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations. For a complete discussion of the Corporation s significant accounting policies see NOTE 1. NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans 
 As discussed in NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the allowance for credit losses on loans is a contra-asset valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of loans to present the net amount expected to be collected. The amount of allowance represents management's best estimate of current expected credit losses on loans considering available information, from internal and external sources, relevant to assessing exposure to credit loss over the contractual term of the instrument. Relevant available information includes historical credit loss experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. While historical credit loss experience provides the basis for the estimation of expected credit losses, the Corporation qualitatively adjusts model results for risk factors that are not inherently considered in the quantitative modeling process, but are nonetheless relevant in assessing the expected credit losses within the loan portfolio. These adjustments may increase or decrease the estimate of expected credit losses based upon the assessed level of risk for each qualitative factor. The various risks that may be considered in making qualitative adjustments include, among other things, the impact of (i) changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, (ii) changes in the existence, growth and effect of any concentrations in credit, (iii) changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in underwriting standards and practices for collections, write-offs, and recoveries, (iv) changes in the quality of the credit review function, (v) changes in the experience, ability and depth of lending management and staff, and (vi) other environmental factors such as regulatory, legal and technological considerations, as well as competition. 
 
 While management utilizes its best judgment and information available, the ultimate adequacy of the allowance is dependent upon a variety of factors beyond management s control, which includes, but is not limited to, the performance of the loan portfolio, the economy, changes in interest rates and the view of the regulatory authorities toward classification of assets. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 Business combinations are accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. Under the acquisition method, assets and liabilities of the business acquired are recorded at their estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition with any excess of the cost of the acquisition over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired recorded as goodwill. The Corporation uses significant estimates and assumptions to value such items, including projected cash flows, repayment rates, default rates and losses assuming default, discount rates and realizable collateral values. The allowance for credit losses for PCD loans is recognized within acquisition accounting. The allowance for credit losses for non-PCD assets is recognized as provision for credit losses in the same period as the acquisition. Fair value adjustments are amortized or accreted into the income statement over the estimated life of the acquired assets or assumed liabilities. The purchase date valuations and any subsequent adjustments determine the amount of goodwill recognized in connection with the acquisition. The use of different assumptions could produce significantly different valuation results, which could have a positive or negative effect on the Corporation's results of operations. 
 
 The determination of fair values is based on valuations using management's assumptions of future growth rates, future attrition, discount rate, and other relevant factors. In addition, third party specialists are used to assist in the development of fair values. Preliminary estimates of fair values may be adjusted for a period of time subsequent to the acquisition date if new information is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date. Adjustments recorded during this period are recognized in the current reporting period. The Corporation uses various valuation methodologies to estimate the fair value of assets and liabilities, and often involves a significant degree of judgment, particularly when liquid markets do not exist for the particular item being valued. Changes in these factors as well as downturns in economic or business conditions, could have a significant adverse impact on the carrying value of assets, including goodwill and liabilities, which could result in impairment losses affecting the financial statements. 
 
 Results of operations of Level One are included in the income statement from the date of acquisition. Details of the Corporation's acquisitions are included in NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - 2022 
 
 The Corporation reported net income available to common stockholders and diluted earnings per common share for the year ended 2022 of 220.7 million and 3.81 per diluted common share, respectively, compared to 205.5 million and 3.81 per diluted common share, respectively, for the year ended 2021. 
 
 Adjusted net income available to common stockholders for the year ended 2022, excluding income on PPP loans and Level One acquisition-related expenses, was 243.4 million and adjusted diluted earnings per common share totaled 4.20, compared to 182.2 million and 3.38, respectively, for the year ended 2021. These adjusted net income and earnings per share amounts are non-GAAP measures. For reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their most comparable GAAP measures, see "NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES" within the "Results of Operations" section of this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 36 

PART II: ITEM 7. AND ITEM 7A. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

As of December 31, 2022, total assets equaled 17.9 billion, an increase of 2.5 billion from December 31, 2021. The Corporation acquired Level One on April 1, 2022, which added 2.5 billion in assets at acquisition. Details of the acquisition are discussed within NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Cash and due from banks and interest-bearing deposits decreased from December 31, 2021 by 44.6 million and 348.1 million, respectively, as excess cash was used to fund organic loan growth. Total investment securities decreased 260.6 million from December 31, 2021. The net unrealized gain on the Corporation's available for sale investment securities portfolio of 75.9 million at December 31, 2021 changed to a net unrealized loss of 296.7 million as of December 31, 2022. The change to a net unrealized loss position was due to changes in interest rates and not credit quality. Additional details of the changes in the Corporation's investment securities portfolio are discussed within NOTE 4. INVESTMENT SECURITIES of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The Corporation's total loan portfolio grew 2.8 billion since December 31, 2021, of which, 1.6 billion was the result of the Level One acquisition. At acquisition, Level One's loan portfolio included 43.5 million of PPP loans. As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation's PPP loan portfolio, which included PPP loans from Level One, were primarily in the commercial and industrial loans class and totaled 4.7 million, a decrease of 145.3 million from the December 31, 2021 balance of 106.6 million plus the additional 43.5 million from Level One. Excluding the decline in PPP loans and the effect of Level One's acquired loans at acquisition date, the Corporation experienced organic loan growth of 1.3 billion, or 13.9 percent since December 31, 2021. All loan classes experienced increases from December 31, 2021, with the exception of agricultural land, production and other loans to farmers, and the largest increases were in residential real estate, commercial and industrial loans and construction real estate. Additional details of the changes in the Corporation's loan portfolio are discussed within NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the "LOAN QUALITY AND PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES ON LOANS" section of this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The Corporation s allowance for credit losses - loans ("ACL - loans") totaled 223.3 million as of December 31, 2022 and equaled 1.86 percent of total loans, compared to 195.4 million and 2.11 percent of total loans at December 31, 2021. The ACL - loans increased 16.6 million in connection with the Level One acquisition for CECL Day 1 purchased credit deteriorated ("PCD") loans and provision expense of 14.0 million was recorded for CECL Day 1 non-PCD loans. Additionally, provision expense of 2.8 million was recorded for CECL Day 1 unfunded commitments, which increased other liabilities. The Corporation did not recognize any provision expense during 2022 and 2021 other than CECL Day 1 expense. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Corporation recognized 2.7 million of net charge-offs, compared to net charge-offs of 9.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Non-accrual loans totaled 42.3 million, a decrease of 738,000 from December 31, 2021, but when considering the non-accrual loans acquired from Level One of 9.4 million, non-accruals decreased 10.1 million. The coverage ratio of ACL - Loans to non-accrual loans is a robust 527.5 percent. Additional details of the Corporation's allowance methodology and asset quality are discussed within NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and within the "LOAN QUALITY AND PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES ON LOANS" section of this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Several additional asset categories increased from December 31, 2021 primarily due to the acquisition of Level One, including premises and equipment of 11.5 million, FHLB stock of 9.8 million, interest receivable of 27.9 million, goodwill of 166.6 million, other intangibles of 10.4 million and cash surrender value of life insurance of 17.3 million. 
 
 OREO totaled 6.4 million as of December 31, 2022 and increased 5.9 million from the December 31, 2021 balance of 558,000, primarily due to a 5.8 million student housing property that was moved into OREO during the first quarter of 2022. A loss on this project is not expected. 
 
 The Corporation s tax asset, deferred and receivable increased from 35.6 million at December 31, 2021 to 111.2 million at December 31, 2022, which included the Corporation s net deferred tax asset increasing from 24.3 million at December 31, 2021 to 109.5 million at December 31, 2022. The 85.2 million increase in the Corporation s net deferred tax asset was primarily due to accounting for unrealized gains and losses on available for sale securities and an increase in CECL from the acquisition of Level One. 
 
 The Corporation's other assets increased 81.5 million from December 31, 2021. The Corporation's derivative assets (recorded in other assets) and derivative liabilities (recorded in other liabilities) increased 51.9 million and 50.8 million, respectively, from December 31, 2021. The increase in valuations are due to an increase in the total notional amount outstanding, continual increases in the FOMC s target fed funds rate resulting in higher nominal rates and increased forward rate expectations. The remaining increases in other assets relate to the Corporation's investments in community redevelopment funds, which increased 16.0 million since December 31, 2021 and an increase of 3.9 million in receivables due to pending settlements related to asset sales. The Level One acquisition contributed to an increase in the right of use lease asset of 5.8 million related to the addition of Level One's leased facilities and an increase in mortgage servicing rights of 3.4 million related to Level One's mortgage servicing portfolio. 
 
 Deposits increased 1.7 billion from December 31, 2021, of which, the acquisition of Level One contributed 1.9 billion in deposits. When excluding the deposits related to the acquisition, the Corporation experienced an organic deposit decline of 280.6 million, or 2.2 percent. Additional details regarding the acquisition are discussed within NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The majority of the organic deposit decline was due to decreases in non-maturity deposits of 513.5 million, which was offset by increases in maturity deposits of 232.9 million when compared to December 31, 2021. Higher interest rates have resulted in customers migrating funds from non-maturity products into maturity time deposit products. 
 
 Total borrowings increased 679.7 million as of December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021. Federal funds purchased and Federal Home Loan Bank advances increased 171.6 million and 489.6 million, respectively, compared to December 31, 2021 as the Corporation utilized liquidity sources to fund organic loan growth. The Level One acquisition contributed to the increase in borrowings due to the assumption of 160.0 million of Federal Home Loan Bank advances and 32.6 million of subordinated debentures. Additional details of the Corporation's borrowings are discussed within NOTE 11. BORROWINGS of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 37 

PART II: ITEM 7. AND ITEM 7A. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The Corporation's other liabilities as of December 31, 2022 increased 28.3 million compared to December 31, 2021. As noted above, the derivative hedge liability increased 50.8 million from December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2021, the Corporation accrued 46.1 million of trade date accounting related to loan and investment securities purchases, of which, there was no accrual at December 31, 2022. The Corporation's liability related to mortgages sold in the secondary market, but with the servicing retained, increased 11.6 million from December 31, 2021. The Level One acquisition contributed to an increase in the lease liability of 5.7 million related to the addition of Level One's leased facilities and an additional 2.8 million for CECL Day 1 allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures recorded in liabilities. 
 
 As part of the Level One acquisition, each outstanding share of 7.5 percent non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, Series B, of Level One was exchanged for one share of a newly created 7.5 percent non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, Series A, of the Corporation with a liquidation preference of 2,500 per share. As a result, the Corporation issued 10,000 shares of Series A preferred stock at the acquisition date resulting in 25.0 million of outstanding preferred stock at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Corporation continued to maintain all regulatory capital ratios in excess of the regulatory definition of well-capitalized. Details of the Stock Repurchase Program and regulatory capital ratios are discussed within the CAPITAL section of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - 2021 
 
 Net income available to stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 205.5 million compared to 148.6 million for the year ended 2020. Earnings per fully diluted common share for 2021 totaled 3.81 compared to 2.74 for 2020. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, total assets equaled 15.5 billion, an increase of 1.4 billion, or 9.9 percent, from December 31, 2020. The Corporation experienced organic loan growth of 566.4 million, or 6.6 percent during 2021. This was offset by SBA forgiveness of PPP loans of 560.5 million, resulting in net loan growth of 5.9 million from December 31, 2020. At December 31, 2021, the Corporation's PPP loan portfolio, primarily included in the commercial and industrial loan class, totaled 106.6 million, a decrease of 560.5 million from the December 31, 2020 balance of 667.1 million. 
 
 The largest loan classes that experienced increases from December 31, 2020 were public finance and other commercial loans, real estate construction loans and commercial real estate (owner occupied) loans. As noted above, PPP loans, which are primarily included in the commercial and industrial loan class, decreased 560.5 million from December 31, 2020, and when coupled with organic commercial and industrial loan growth of 498.4 million, the net decrease in the commercial and industrial loan class was 62.1 million. Other loan classes that experienced significant decreases from December 31, 2020 were commercial real estate (non-owner occupied) loans, residential real estate loans and agricultural land, production and other loans to farmers. Additional details of the changes in the Corporation's loan portfolio are discussed within NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the "LOAN QUALITY AND PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES ON LOANS" section of this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Total investment securities increased 1.4 billion, or 43.8 percent, from December 31, 2020. The Corporation purchased investment securities by utilizing excess liquidity from deposit growth, which was held in interest-bearing deposits and cash and cash equivalents, in addition to liquidity from SBA forgiveness of PPP loans. Additional details of the Corporation's investment securities portfolio are discussed within NOTE 4. INVESTMENT SECURITIES of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The Corporation s allowance for credit losses - loans totaled 195.4 million as of December 31, 2021 and equaled 2.11 percent of total loans. The Corporation adopted the current expected credit losses ("CECL") model for calculating the allowance for credit losses on January 1, 2021. CECL replaces the previous "incurred loss" model for measuring credit losses, which encompassed allowances for current known and inherent losses within the portfolio, with an "expected loss" model for measuring credit losses, which encompasses allowances for losses expected to be incurred over the life of the portfolio. The new CECL model requires the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets measured at amortized cost and certain off-balance sheet credit exposures based on historical experiences, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. CECL also requires enhanced disclosures related to the significant estimates and judgments used in estimating credit losses, as well as credit quality and underwriting standards of an organization's portfolio. The impact of the adoption was an increase to the Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans of 74.1 million. Additional details of the Allowance methodology are discussed within NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The Corporation did not recognize any provision expense during the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to provision expense of 58.7 million for the year ended 2020. The provision expense taken in 2020 primarily reflected the Corporation's view of increased credit risk related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Corporation recognized net charge-offs during 2021 of 9.3 million, compared to 8.3 million in 2020. Non-accrual loans totaled 43.1 million, a decrease of 18.4 million from December 31, 2020, resulting in a coverage ratio of 453.8 percent. Additional details of the Corporation's credit quality are discussed within the LOAN QUALITY AND PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES ON LOANS section of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 In 2020, the Corporation announced a banking delivery transformation strategy, which included the consolidation of seventeen banking centers across its footprint by April 30, 2021. As those consolidations finalized in the second quarter of 2021, the fair value of the closed banking centers of 4.5 million was moved from premises and equipment to assets held for sale (recorded in other assets) while they are marketed for sale. 

38 

PART II: ITEM 7. AND ITEM 7A. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The Corporation s tax asset, deferred and receivable increased from 12.3 million at December 31, 2020 to 35.6 million at December 31, 2021. The Corporation s net deferred tax asset increased from 4.3 million at December 31, 2020 to 24.3 million at December 31, 2021. The 20.0 million increase in the Corporation s net deferred tax asset was due to a combination of an increase in deferred tax assets and a decrease in deferred tax liabilities. The largest deferred tax asset increases were associated with the tax effect of the implementation and accounting for CECL of 21.1 million and accounting for unrealized gains and losses on available for sale securities of 7.5 million. Offsetting the increases to the net deferred tax asset were net deferred tax decreases associated with accounting for loan fees and accounting for pensions and employee benefits of 2.3 million and 3.3 million, respectively. 
 
 The Corporation's other assets decreased 5.9 million from December 31, 2020. The Corporation's derivative asset (recorded in other assets) and derivative liability (recorded in other liabilities) related to interest rate contracts decreased 33.2 million and 34.4 million, respectively, from December 31, 2020. The decreases in valuations are due to higher yield curve rates across the entire term point spectrum. The higher interest rates are the result of higher inflation expectations, current increases in short-term rate trajectories, Federal Reserve tapering and increases in term premiums. Offsetting the decrease in the Corporation's derivative asset was an increase in the Corporation's prepaid pension of 12.1 million and investments in community redevelopment funds of 7.4 million. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, total deposits equaled 12.7 billion, an increase of 1.4 billion from December 31, 2020. The Corporation experienced increases from December 31, 2020 in demand and savings accounts of 883.0 million and 673.1 million, respectively. A portion of the increase is due to PPP loans that have remained on deposit, in addition to consumer Economic Impact Payments from the IRS that have also remained on deposit. Offsetting these increases were decreases in certificates of deposit and brokered deposits of 142.2 million and 42.9 million, respectively, from December 31, 2020. The low interest rate environment has resulted in customers moving funds from maturing time deposit products into non-maturity products due to similar rates offered for both products. 
 
 Total borrowings decreased 50.7 million as of December 31, 2021, compared to December 31, 2020. Federal Home Loan Bank advances decreased 55.4 million compared to December 31, 2020 as the Corporation utilized excess liquidity from deposit growth to pay off maturing advances. Additionally, securities sold under repurchase agreements increased by 4.5 million. 
 
 The Corporation's other liabilities as of December 31, 2021 increased 29.2 million compared to December 31, 2020. As part of the CECL adoption on January 1, 2021, the Corporation recorded a 20.5 million allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures as a liability account. This amount represents expected credit losses over the contractual period for which the Corporation is exposed to credit risk resulting from a contractual obligation to extend credit. The Corporation also accrued 46.1 million of trade date accounting related to loan and investment securities purchases as of December 31, 2021, of which, the accrual was 6.2 million as of December 31, 2020. Additionally, as noted above, the derivative hedge liability decreased 34.4 million from December 31, 2020. 
 
 The Corporation continued to maintain all regulatory capital ratios in excess of the regulatory definition of well-capitalized. Details of the Corporation's stock repurchase program and regulatory capital ratios are discussed within the CAPITAL section of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 
 The Corporation's accounting and reporting policies conform to GAAP and general practices within the banking industry. As a supplement to GAAP, the Corporation provides non-GAAP performance measures, which management believes are useful because they assist investors in assessing the Corporation's performance. Non-GAAP financial measures have inherent limitations, are not required to be uniformly applied, and are not audited. Although these non-GAAP financial measures are frequently used by investors to evaluate a company, they have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for analyses of results as reported under GAAP. Where non-GAAP financial measures are used, the comparable GAAP financial measure, as well as the reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the following tables. 
 
 Adjusted earnings per share, excluding PPP loans and acquisition-related expenses, are meaningful non-GAAP financial measures for management, as they provide a meaningful foundation for period-to-period and company-to-company comparisons, which management believes will aid both investors and analysts in analyzing our financial measures and predicting future performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are also used by management to assess the performance of the Corporation's business, because management does not consider these items to be relevant to ongoing financial performance on a per share basis. 

39 

PART II: ITEM 7. AND ITEM 7A. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Non-GAAP financial measures such as tangible common equity to tangible assets, tangible earnings per share, return on average tangible assets and return on average tangible equity are important measures of the strength of the Corporation's capital and ability to generate earnings on tangible common equity invested by our shareholders. These non-GAAP measures provide useful supplemental information and may assist investors in analyzing the Corporation s financial position without regard to the effects of intangible assets and preferred stock, but do retain the effect of accumulated other comprehensive gains (losses) in shareholder's equity. Disclosure of these measures also allows analysts and banking regulators to assess our capital adequacy on these same bases. 
 
 ADJUSTED EPS EXCLUDING PAYCHECK PROTECTION PROGRAM ("PPP") AND ACQUISITION RELATED EXPENSES - non-GAAP (Dollars In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Net Income Available to Common Stockholders - GAAP 220,683 205,531 148,600 Adjustments: PPP loan income (3,207) (30,900) (22,418) Acquisition-related expenses 16,531 Acquisition-related provision expense 16,755 Tax on adjustment (7,376) 7,577 5,497 Adjusted Net Income Available to Common Stockholders - non-GAAP 243,386 182,208 131,679 Average Diluted Common Shares Outstanding (in thousands) 57,950 53,984 54,220 Diluted Earnings Per Common Share - GAAP 3.81 3.81 2.74 Adjustments: PPP loan income (0.06) (0.57) (0.41) Acquisition-related expenses 0.28 Acquisition-related provision expense 0.30 Tax on adjustment (0.13) 0.14 0.10 Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Common Share - non-GAAP 4.20 3.38 2.43 
 
 TANGIBLE COMMON EQUITY TO TANGIBLE ASSETS - non-GAAP (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Total Stockholders' Equity (GAAP) 2,034,770 1,912,571 Less: Preferred stock (GAAP) (25,125) (125) Less: Intangible assets (GAAP) (747,844) (570,860) Tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 1,261,801 1,341,586 Total assets (GAAP) 17,938,306 15,453,149 Less: Intangible assets (GAAP) (747,844) (570,860) Tangible assets (non-GAAP) 17,190,462 14,882,289 Stockholders' Equity to Assets (GAAP) 11.34 12.38 Tangible common equity to tangible assets (non-GAAP) 7.34 9.01 Tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 1,261,801 1,341,586 Plus: Tax benefit of intangibles (non-GAAP) 7,702 4,875 Tangible common equity, net of tax (non-GAAP) 1,269,503 1,346,461 Common Stock outstanding (in thousands) 59,171 53,410 Book Value (GAAP) 33.96 35.81 Tangible book value - common (non-GAAP) 21.45 25.21 
 40 

PART II: ITEM 7. AND ITEM 7A. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

TANGIBLE EARNINGS PER SHARE, RETURN ON TANGIBLE ASSETS AND RETURN ON TANGIBLE EQUITY - non-GAAP (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Average goodwill (GAAP) 671,485 545,374 543,919 Average other intangibles (GAAP) 35,885 27,590 32,106 Average deferred tax on other intangibles (GAAP) (7,567) (5,452) (6,648) Intangible adjustment (non-GAAP) 699,803 567,512 569,377 Average stockholders' equity (GAAP) 1,972,445 1,866,632 1,825,135 Average preferred stock (GAAP) (18,875) (125) (125) Intangible adjustment (non-GAAP) (699,803) (567,512) (569,377) Average tangible capital (non-GAAP) 1,253,767 1,298,995 1,255,633 Average assets (GAAP) 17,220,002 14,830,397 13,466,269 Intangible adjustment (non-GAAP) (699,803) (567,512) (569,377) Average tangible assets (non-GAAP) 16,520,199 14,262,885 12,896,892 Net income available to common stockholders (GAAP) 220,683 205,531 148,600 Other intangible amortization, net of tax (GAAP) 6,537 4,540 4,730 Preferred stock dividend 1,406 Tangible net income available to common stockholders (non-GAAP) 228,626 210,071 153,330 Per Share Data: Diluted net income available to common stockholders (GAAP) 3.81 3.81 2.74 Diluted tangible net income available to common stockholders (non-GAAP) 3.95 3.89 2.83 Ratios: Return on average GAAP capital (ROE) 11.19 11.01 8.14 Return on average tangible capital 18.12 16.17 12.21 Return on average assets (ROA) 1.29 1.39 1.10 Return on average tangible assets 1.38 1.47 1.19 

Return on average tangible capital is tangible net income available to common stockholders expressed as a percentage of average tangible capital. Return on average tangible assets is tangible net income available to common stockholders expressed as a percentage of average tangible assets. 

NET INTEREST INCOME 
 
 Net interest income is the most significant component of the Corporation's earnings, comprising 82.8 percent of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. Net interest income and margin are influenced by many factors, primarily the volume and mix of earning assets, funding sources, and interest rate fluctuations. Other factors include the level of accretion income on purchased loans, prepayment risk on mortgage and investment-related assets, and the composition and maturity of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Loans typically generate more interest income than investment securities with similar maturities. Funding from customer deposits generally costs less than wholesale funding sources. Factors such as general economic activity, Federal Reserve Board monetary policy, and price volatility of competing alternative investments, can also exert significant influence on our ability to optimize the mix of assets and funding and the net interest income and margin. 
 
 Net interest income is the excess of interest received from earning assets over interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. For analytical purposes, net interest income is also presented on an FTE basis in the table that follows to reflect what our tax-exempt assets would need to yield in order to achieve the same after-tax yield as a taxable asset. The federal statutory rate of 21 percent was used for 2022, 2021, and 2020, adjusted for the TEFRA interest disallowance applicable to certain tax-exempt obligations. The FTE analysis portrays the income tax benefits associated with tax-exempt assets and helps to facilitate a comparison between taxable and tax-exempt assets. Management believes that it is a standard practice in the banking industry to present net interest margin and net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis. Therefore, management believes these measures provide useful information for both management and investors by allowing them to make peer comparisons. 
 
 For the year ended December, 31 2022, FTE asset yields increased 50 basis points compared to the same period in 2021. Average earning assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 2.4 billion compared to the same period in 2021, with loans accounting for 1.8 billion of the increase and investment securities accounting for 852.1 million of the increase. Of the 1.8 billion increase in average loans, 1.6 billion was attributable to the Level One acquisition on April 1, 2022, and the remaining increase was due to organic loan growth during the period after excluding PPP loans, which averaged approximately 33.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to an average of approximately 433.7 million for the same period of 2021. 

41 

PART II: ITEM 7. AND ITEM 7A. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The increase in interest income, on an FTE basis, of 162.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 was primarily due to an increase in average earning assets, coupled with the FOMC's interest rate increases of an aggregate 425 basis points in 2022. Approximately 8.0 billion of the Corporation's loan portfolio, or 67 percent, is variable with 40 percent of the portfolio repricing within one month and 50 percent repricing within three months. Additionally, due to the FOMC interest rate increases in 2022, the yields on new and renewed loans increased for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. The PPP loans originated in 2021 and 2020 were recorded at an interest rate of only 1 percent. The Corporation recognized fee and interest income of 3.2 million on PPP loans in 2022, compared to 30.9 million in 2021, which is included in interest income. The Corporation also recognized fair value accretion income on purchased loans, which is included in interest income, of 10.1 million, which accounted for 6 basis points of net interest margin in the year ended December 31, 2022. Comparatively, the Corporation recognized 7.3 million of accretion income for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 5 basis points of net interest margin. 
 
 Interest costs increased 37 basis points, which mitigated a majority of the 50 basis point increase in asset yields and resulted in a 13 basis point FTE increase in net interest spread when compared to the same period in 2021. Interest costs have increased during the quarter due to deposit pricing pressure primarily in the municipal deposit space and a strategic focus on relationship pricing. Average interest-bearing deposits for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 1.3 billion compared to the same period in 2021 due to the acquisition of Level One, which included 1.2 billion of interest-bearing deposits, and the remaining increase due to organic growth. Average non-interest bearing deposits for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 752.2 million when compared to the same period in 2021 as 738.9 million were acquired from Level One, and the remaining increase due to organic growth. Non-interest bearing deposits represented 23 percent of the Corporation's total deposit balance as of December 31, 2022 and acts to mitigate deposit yield increases as interest rates rise. Average borrowings increased 248.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021 due to the additional 194.2 million of borrowings acquired from Level One. Interest-bearing deposits and borrowing costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 0.58 percent and 2.46 percent, respectively, compared to 0.24 percent and 1.97 percent, respectively, during the same period in 2021. Total cost of funds was 72 basis points for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 35 basis points during the same period in 2021. 
 
 Net interest margin, on an FTE basis, increased 23 basis points to 3.41 percent for the year ended December, 31 2022 compared to 3.18 percent for the same period in 2021. 
 
 In 2021, the increase in average earning assets of 1.5 billion was primarily attributable to an increase in investment securities of 1.1 billion. Additionally, since the beginning of the PPP in April 2020, the Bank originated over 1.2 billion of PPP loans which averaged 433.7 million in 2021 and 601.8 million in 2020. The Corporation's organic loan growth offset the decline in PPP loans and resulted in an increase in average loans of 119.5 million. The liquidity generated from the SBA forgiveness of PPP loans, coupled with excess liquidity generated from deposit growth, resulted in the Corporation's utilization of the liquidity for organic loan growth and investment securities purchases. 
 
 Asset yields decreased 40 basis points FTE in 2021 compared to 2020. This decrease was primarily a result of the FOMC's interest rate decreases of 50 basis points on March 3, 2020 and 100 basis points on March 16, 2020 at the Committee's special meetings related to COVID-19. Additionally, one-month LIBOR also saw a significant decline from January 1, 2020 of 1.73 percent to December 31, 2021 of 0.10 percent. The yield of the investment portfolio decreased 28 basis points compared to the same period in 2020 as the current year purchases had a lower yield than the historic yield of the portfolio. The loan portfolio, which generally has an average yield higher than the investment portfolio, was 67.5 percent of earning assets in 2021 compared to 74.7 percent in 2020. Average investment securities were 28.4 percent of total earning assets compared to 22.5 percent in 2020. The PPP loans originated in 2021 and 2020 were recorded at an interest rate of only 1 percent, but the Corporation also recognized fee income of 26.5 million in 2021, compared to 16.2 million in 2020, which is included in interest income. 
 
 The Corporation also recognized fair value accretion income on purchased loans, which is included in interest income, of 7.3 million, which accounted for 5 basis points of net interest margin for the year ended December 31, 2021. Comparatively, the Corporation recognized 13.5 million of fair value accretion income, which accounted for 11 basis points of net interest margin for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Interest costs decreased 35 basis points, which mitigated a majority of the decrease in asset yields and resulted in only a 5 basis point FTE decrease in net interest spread as compared to the same period in 2020. Interest costs have decreased as management aggressively moved deposit rates down as wholesale funding rates declined and market conditions allowed. Interest-bearing deposits and borrowing costs for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 were 0.24 percent and 1.97 percent, respectively, compared to 0.60 percent and 1.91 percent, respectively, during the same period in 2020. Average borrowings decreased 128 million from 2020 as excess liquidity was used to payoff maturing FHLB advances. Average non-interest bearing deposits increased 448.2 million and equated to 20.7 percent of total deposits, compared to 19.3 percent in 2020. This increase, combined with the decrease in interest rates on interest-bearing deposits and debt repayments, resulted in a total cost of funds of 35 basis points compared to 70 basis points in 2020. 
 42 

PART II: ITEM 7. AND ITEM 7A. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Net interest margin is a function of net interest income and the level of average earning assets. The following table presents the Corporation s interest income, interest expense, and net interest income as a percent of average earning assets for the three-year period ending in 2022. 
 Average Balance Interest Income / Expense Average Rate Average Balance Interest Income / Expense Average Rate Average Balance Interest Income / Expense Average Rate (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Assets: Interest-bearing deposits 296,863 2,503 0.84 521,637 634 0.12 319,686 938 0.29 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 35,580 1,176 3.31 28,736 597 2.08 28,736 1,042 3.63 Investment Securities: (1) 
 Taxable 2,056,586 38,354 1.86 1,751,910 29,951 1.71 1,282,827 24,440 1.91 Tax-exempt (2) 
 2,653,611 85,292 3.21 2,106,180 70,039 3.33 1,440,913 53,596 3.72 Total investment securities 4,710,197 123,646 2.63 3,858,090 99,990 2.59 2,723,740 78,036 2.87 Loans held for sale 14,715 692 4.70 19,190 747 3.89 18,559 781 4.21 Loans: (3) 
 Commercial (6) 
 7,877,271 380,621 4.83 6,818,968 276,368 4.05 6,755,215 286,773 4.25 Real estate mortgage 1,471,802 51,853 3.52 916,314 34,783 3.80 889,083 40,002 4.50 Installment 785,520 37,302 4.75 683,925 26,111 3.82 718,815 30,708 4.27 Tax-exempt (2) 
 793,743 31,803 4.01 732,253 27,987 3.82 669,483 27,194 4.06 Total loans 10,943,051 502,271 4.59 9,170,650 365,996 3.99 9,051,155 385,458 4.26 Total earning assets 15,985,691 629,596 3.94 13,579,113 467,217 3.44 12,123,317 465,474 3.84 Total non-earning assets 1,234,311 1,251,284 1,342,952 Total Assets 17,220,002 14,830,397 13,466,269 Liabilities: Interest-bearing deposits: Interest-bearing deposit accounts 5,206,131 32,511 0.62 4,769,482 14,512 0.30 4,009,566 20,239 0.50 Money market deposit accounts 2,915,397 19,170 0.66 2,351,803 3,203 0.14 1,769,478 7,810 0.44 Savings deposits 1,927,122 5,019 0.26 1,754,972 1,886 0.11 1,534,069 3,641 0.24 Certificates and other time deposits 881,176 6,239 0.71 783,733 3,718 0.47 1,346,967 20,050 1.49 Total interest-bearing deposits 10,929,826 62,939 0.58 9,659,990 23,319 0.24 8,660,080 51,740 0.60 Borrowings 888,392 21,864 2.46 639,791 12,633 1.97 768,238 14,641 1.91 Total interest-bearing liabilities 11,818,218 84,803 0.72 10,299,781 35,952 0.35 9,428,318 66,381 0.70 Noninterest-bearing deposits 3,268,417 2,516,241 2,068,026 Other liabilities 160,922 147,743 144,790 Total Liabilities 15,247,557 12,963,765 11,641,134 Stockholders' Equity 1,972,445 1,866,632 1,825,135 Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 17,220,002 84,803 14,830,397 35,952 13,466,269 66,381 Net Interest Income (FTE) 544,793 431,265 399,093 Net Interest Spread (FTE) (4) 
 3.22 3.09 3.14 Net Interest Margin (FTE): Interest Income (FTE) / Average Earning Assets 3.94 3.44 3.84 Interest Expense / Average Earning Assets 0.53 0.26 0.55 Net Interest Margin (FTE) (5) 
 3.41 3.18 3.29 

(1) Average balance of securities is computed based on the average of the historical amortized cost balances without the effects of the fair value adjustment. Annualized amounts are computed using a 30/360 day basis. 
 
 (2) Tax-exempt securities and loans are presented on a fully taxable equivalent basis, using a marginal tax rate of 21 percent for 2022, 2021 and 2020. These totals equal 24,590, 20,585 and 16,966, respectively. 
 
 (3) Non-accruing loans have been included in the average balances. 
 
 (4) Net Interest Spread (FTE) is interest income expressed as a percentage of average earning assets minus interest expense expressed as a percentage of average interest-bearing liabilities. 
 
 (5) Net Interest Margin (FTE) is interest income expressed as a percentage of average earning assets minus interest expense expressed as a percentage of average earning assets. 
 
 (6) Commercial loans included 4.7 million, 106.6 million and 667.1 million of Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") loans at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 43 

PART II: ITEM 7. AND ITEM 7A. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

NON-INTEREST INCOME 
 
 Non-interest income totaled 107.9 million in 2022, a decrease of 1.4 million, or 1.3 percent, from 2021. Customer related line items where decreases were experienced included net gains and fees on sales of loans of 9.6 million due to lower mortgage origination volume in 2022 compared to 2021, in addition to the 2.9 million gain on the portfolio mortgage loan sale that occurred in the second quarter of 2021, and in derivative hedge fees which decreased 0.5 million due to the rising interest rate environment. Offsetting these decreases were increases in customer related line items, which totaled 10.2 million, with the most significant increases experienced in service charges on deposit accounts, card payment fees, and fiduciary and wealth management fees, which were all influenced by the larger customer base from the Level One acquisition on April 1, 2022. Net realized gains on sales of available for sale securities decreased 4.5 million from 2021 and other income decreased 1.1 million in 2022, when compared to 2021, primarily as a result of a 1.9 million write-down of an equity investment in the third quarter of 2022. Finally, gains on life insurance benefits of 6.0 million increased 3.8 million from 2021 as a result of increased BOLI death benefits. 
 
 Non-interest income totaled 109.3 million in 2021, a decrease of 0.6 million, or 0.5 percent, from 2020. Customer related line items increased 2.6 million in 2021 compared to 2020 with the largest increase of 4.6 million attributable to fiduciary and wealth management fees of which 3.6 million was organic growth and 1.0 million resulted from the acquisition of Hoosier Trust Company. Additionally, service charges on deposit accounts increased 2.6 million due to both continued organic growth in the deposit customer base and a lesser impact from the COVID-19 pandemic on customer activity than in 2020. Finally, net gains and fees on sales of loans increased 1.4 million during 2021 as volume remained strong and was enhanced by a gain of 2.9 million from a 76.1 million portfolio mortgage loan sale. Offsetting these increases were decreases in customer related line items experienced in derivative hedge fees of 3.1 million and 2.9 million in card payment fees that resulted from the first full-year impact of the Durbin Amendment to the Dodd-Frank Act, which became effective for the Bank on July 1, 2020. Finally, the largest variances in non-customer related line items when comparing 2021 to 2020, were an increase in gains on life insurance benefits of 2.1 million resulting from BOLI death benefits and a decrease in net realized gains on sales of available for sale securities of 6.2 million. 
 
 Details of the Level One and Hoosier Trust Company acquisitions can be found in NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 NON-INTEREST EXPENSES 
 
 Non-interest expense totaled 355.7 million in 2022, an increase of 76.5 million, or 27.4 percent from 2021. Level One acquisition-related costs in 2022 totaled 16.5 million, of which 7.1 million was in professional and other outside services, 6.0 million was reflected in salaries and employee benefits, and 2.2 million in equipment expenses and outside data processing expenses. The acquisition-related expenses were primarily contract termination charges, core system conversion expenses, transaction advisory services, and employee retention bonuses and severance. Additionally, 20.0 million of post-acquisition non-interest expenses related to Level One operations were recorded during 2022, which primarily included 13.8 million in salaries and employee benefits and 3.1 million in net occupancy expenses. In addition to the salary and benefits expense increases related to the acquisition of Level One, merit and incentive expense increases contributed to the overall 39.9 million increase in salaries and employee benefits for 2022 compared to 2021. Increases in other expenses of 7.4 million, in 2022 over 2021, were driven by higher customer-related contingent losses, increased customer related travel and entertainment expenses, and increased mortgage servicing rights amortization. Equipment and outside data processing expenses increased 4.5 million and 3.4 million, respectively, as the Corporation's investment in customer-facing digital solutions in 2022, such as online account origination, resulted in increased software costs when compared to 2021. As the Bank continues to grow both organically and via acquisition, FDIC assessments have increased 4.0 million when compared to 2021. Finally, intangible asset amortization increased 2.5 million due to the core deposit intangible and non-compete amortization related to the Level One acquisition. 
 
 Non-interest expense totaled 279.2 million in 2021, an increase of 15.8 million, or 6.0 percent, over 2020. The largest contributing factor was an 11.1 million increase in salaries and employee benefits primarily due to higher salary and incentive expenses based upon current year financial results along with higher employee benefit costs primarily from rising health insurance costs. Additionally, other outside data processing fees increased 3.9 million in 2021, when compared to 2020, primarily due to increased loan processing expense and digital platform delivery expenses in 2021, due to the Corporation's deployment of online account origination technology. The Corporation also recorded reduced expense in 2020 from the sunsetting of a debit rewards program which contributed to the increase in outside data processing fees in 2021. Professional and other outside services increased 3.0 million in 2021 as projects that were delayed in 2020, due to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, were resumed. The Corporation also recorded 0.5 million of expense directly related to the acquisition of Level One which contributed to the increase in professional and other outside services in 2021 over 2020. Finally, other expenses increased 1.3 million primarily due to a 1.4 million increase in amortization of mortgage servicing rights as the mortgage servicing portfolio increased in 2021 resulting from a 76.1 million portfolio mortgage loan sale and an increase in held for sale loans being sold with servicing rights retained. The 3.4 million decline in net occupancy expenses in 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily driven by elevated expense in 2020, which included a charge of 3.8 million in net occupancy expenses related to the consolidation of seventeen banking centers. 
 
 Details of the Level One and Hoosier Trust Company acquisitions can be found in NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 44 

PART II: ITEM 7. AND ITEM 7A. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

INCOME TAXES 
 
 The Corporation s federal statutory income tax rate for 2022 is 21 percent and its state tax rate varies from 0 to 9.5 percent depending on the state in which the subsidiary company operates. The Corporation s effective tax rate, which was 13.1 percent in 2022 and 14.6 percent in 2021, is lower than the blended effective statutory federal and state rates primarily due to the Corporation s income on tax-exempt securities and loans, income generated by the subsidiaries operating in a state with no state or local income tax, income tax credits generated from investments in affordable housing projects, and tax-exempt earnings from bank-owned life insurance contracts. 
 
 Income tax expense in 2022 was 33.6 million on pre-tax income of 255.7 million, or 13.1 percent. For 2021, income tax expense was 35.3 million on pre-tax income of 240.8 million, or 14.6 percent. The lower effective income tax rate in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily driven by an increases in tax-exempt earnings and gains on life insurance, which are also non-taxable. The detailed reconciliation of federal statutory to actual tax expense is shown in NOTE 19. INCOME TAX of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The Corporation s tax asset, deferred and receivable increased from 35.6 million at December 31, 2021 to 111.2 million at December 31, 2022, which included the Corporation s net deferred tax asset increasing from 24.3 million at December 31, 2021 to 109.5 million at December 31, 2022. The 85.2 million increase in the Corporation s net deferred tax asset was primarily due to accounting for unrealized gains and losses on available for sale securities and an increase in CECL from the acquisition of Level One. 

CAPITAL 
 
 Stockholders' Equity - CECL Adjustment 
 The Corporation adopted the current expected credit losses ("CECL") model for calculating the allowance for credit losses on January 1, 2021. CECL replaces the previous "incurred loss" model for measuring credit losses, which encompassed allowances for current known and inherent losses within the portfolio, with an "expected loss" model for measuring credit losses, which encompasses allowances for losses expected to be incurred over the life of the portfolio. As of the adoption and day one measurement date of January 1, 2021, the Corporation recorded a one-time cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings, net of income taxes, of 68.0 million. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 As part of the Level One acquisition, the Corporation issued 10,000 shares of newly created 7.5 percent non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, with a liquidation preference of 2,500 per share, in exchange for the outstanding Level One Series B preferred stock, and as part of that exchange, each outstanding Level One depositary share representing a 1/100th interest in a share of the Level One preferred stock was converted into a depositary share of the Corporation representing a 1/100th interest in a share of its newly issued preferred stock. As a result of the issuance, the Corporation had 25.0 million of outstanding preferred stock at December 31, 2022. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Corporation declared and paid dividends of 46.88 per share (equivalent to 0.4688 per depositary share) equal to 1.4 million. The Series A preferred stock qualifies as Tier 1 capital for purposes of the regulatory capital calculations. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 On January 27, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Corporation approved a stock repurchase program of up to 3,333,000 shares of the Corporation's outstanding common stock; provided, however, that the total aggregate investment in shares repurchased under the program may not exceed 100,000,000. On a share basis, the amount of common stock subject to the repurchase program represented approximately 6 percent of the Corporation's outstanding shares at the time the program became effective. During 2022, the Corporation did not repurchase any shares of its common stock pursuant to the repurchase program. As of December 31, 2022, the C orporation had approximately 2.7 million shares at a maximum aggregate value of 74.5 million available to repurchase under the program. 
 
 In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA was enacted. Among other things, the IRA imposes a new 1 percent excise tax on the fair market value of stock repurchased after December 31, 2022 by publicly traded U.S. corporations (like the Corporation). With certain exceptions, the value of stock repurchased is determined net of stock issued in the year, including shares issued pursuant to compensatory arrangements. 
 
 Regulatory Capital 
 Capital adequacy is an important indicator of financial stability and performance. The Corporation and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies and are assigned to a capital category. The assigned capital category is largely determined by four ratios that are calculated according to the regulations: total risk-based capital, tier 1 risk-based capital, CET1, and tier 1 leverage ratios. The ratios are intended to measure capital relative to assets and credit risk associated with those assets and off-balance sheet exposures of the entity. The capital category assigned to an entity can also be affected by qualitative judgments made by regulatory agencies about the risk inherent in the entity's activities that are not part of the calculated ratios. 
 
 There are five capital categories defined in the regulations, ranging from well capitalized to critically undercapitalized . Classification of a bank in any of the undercapitalized categories can result in actions by regulators that could have a material effect on a bank's operations. Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of total risk-based capital, tier 1 capital and common equity tier 1 capital, in each case, to risk-weighted assets, and of tier 1 capital to average assets, or leverage ratio, all of which are calculated as defined in the regulations. Banks with lower capital levels are deemed to be undercapitalized , significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized , depending on their actual levels. The appropriate federal regulatory agency may also downgrade a bank to the next lower capital category upon a determination that the bank is in an unsafe or unsound practice. Banks are required to monitor closely their capital levels and to notify their appropriate regulatory agency of any basis for a change in capital category. 
 
 45 

PART II: ITEM 7. AND ITEM 7A. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Basel III requires the Corporation and the Bank to maintain the minimum capital and leverage ratios as defined in the regulation and as illustrated in the table below, which capital to risk-weighted asset ratios include a 2.5 percent capital conservation buffer. Under Basel III, in order to avoid limitations on capital distributions, including dividends, the Corporation must hold a 2.5 percent capital conservation buffer above the adequately capitalized CET1 to risk-weighted assets ratio (which buffer is reflected in the required ratios below). Under Basel III, the Corporation and Bank elected to opt-out of including accumulated other comprehensive income in regulatory capital. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to be considered well capitalized under the fully phased-in Basel III capital rules. There is no threshold for well capitalized status for bank holding companies. 
 
 As part of a March 27, 2020 joint statement of federal banking regulators, an interim final rule that allowed banking organizations to mitigate the effects of the CECL accounting standard on their regulatory capital was announced. Banking organizations could elect to mitigate the estimated cumulative regulatory capital effects of CECL for up to two years. This two-year delay was to be in addition to the three-year transition period that federal banking regulators had already made available. While the 2021 CAA provided for a further extension of the mandatory adoption of CECL until January 1, 2022, the federal banking regulators elected to not provide a similar extension to the two year mitigation period applicable to regulatory capital effects. Instead, the federal banking regulators require that, in order to utilize the additional two-year delay, banking organizations must have adopted the CECL standard no later than December 31, 2020, as required by the CARES Act. As a result, because implementation of the CECL standard was delayed by the Corporation until January 1, 2021, it began phasing in the cumulative effect of the adoption on its regulatory capital, at a rate of 25 percent per year, over a three-year transition period that began on January 1, 2021. Under that phase-in schedule, the cumulative effect of the adoption will be fully reflected in regulatory capital on January 1, 2024. 
 
 The Corporation's and Bank's actual and required capital ratios as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were as follows: 
 Prompt Corrective Action Thresholds Actual Basel III Minimum Capital Required Well Capitalized December 31, 2022 Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Total risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets First Merchants Corporation 1,882,254 13.08 1,511,230 10.50 N/A N/A First Merchants Bank 1,822,296 12.65 1,513,064 10.50 1,441,014 10.00 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets First Merchants Corporation 1,558,281 10.83 1,223,377 8.50 N/A N/A First Merchants Bank 1,641,210 11.39 1,224,862 8.50 1,152,811 8.00 Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets First Merchants Corporation 1,533,281 10.65 1,007,487 7.00 N/A N/A First Merchants Bank 1,641,210 11.39 1,008,710 7.00 936,659 6.50 Tier 1 capital to average assets First Merchants Corporation 1,558,281 9.10 684,758 4.00 N/A N/A First Merchants Bank 1,641,210 9.60 683,680 4.00 854,600 5.00 
 Prompt Corrective Action Thresholds Actual Basel III Minimum Capital Required Well Capitalized December 31, 2021 Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Total risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets First Merchants Corporation 1,582,481 13.92 1,193,840 10.50 N/A N/A First Merchants Bank 1,453,358 12.74 1,197,515 10.50 1,140,490 10.00 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets First Merchants Corporation 1,374,240 12.09 966,442 8.50 N/A N/A First Merchants Bank 1,309,685 11.48 969,417 8.50 912,392 8.00 Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets First Merchants Corporation 1,327,634 11.68 795,893 7.00 N/A N/A First Merchants Bank 1,309,685 11.48 798,343 7.00 741,319 6.50 Tier 1 capital to average assets First Merchants Corporation 1,374,240 9.30 590,758 4.00 N/A N/A First Merchants Bank 1,309,685 8.88 589,994 4.00 737,493 5.00 
 
 On April 9, 2020, federal banking regulators issued an interim final rule to modify the Basel III regulatory capital rules applicable to banking 
 organizations to allow those organizations participating in the PPP to neutralize the regulatory capital effects of participating in the program. The 
 interim final rule, which became effective April 13, 2020, clarified that PPP loans receive a zero percent risk weight for purposes of determining 
 risk-weighted assets and the CET1, tier 1 and total risk-based capital ratios. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, risk-weighted assets included 4.7 million and 106.6 million, respectively, of PPP loans at a zero risk weight. 
 
 Basel III permits banks with less than 15 billion in assets to continue to treat trust preferred securities as tier 1 capital. This treatment is permanently grandfathered as tier 1 capital even if the Corporation should ever exceed 15 billion in assets due to organic growth but not following certain mergers or acquisitions. As a result, while the Corporation s total assets exceeded 15 billion as of December 31, 2021, the Corporation has continued to treat its trust preferred securities as tier 1 capital as of such date. However, under certain amendments to the transition rules of Basel III, if a bank holding company that held less than 15 billion of assets as of December 31, 2009 (which would include the Corporation) acquires a bank holding company with under 15 billion in assets at the time of acquisition (which would include Level One), and the resulting organization has total consolidated assets of 15 billion or more as reported on the resulting organization s call report for the period in which the transaction occurred, the resulting organization must begin reflecting its trust preferred securities as tier 2 capital at such time. 
 46 

PART II: ITEM 7. AND ITEM 7A. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

As a result, effective with the April 1, 2022 consummation of the Level One merger, the Corporation began reflecting all of its trust preferred securities as tier 2 capital. 
 
 Management believes the disclosed capital ratios are meaningful measurements for evaluating the safety and soundness of the Corporation. Traditionally, the banking regulators have assessed bank and bank holding company capital adequacy based on both the amount and the composition of capital, the calculation of which is prescribed in federal banking regulations. The Federal Reserve focuses its assessment of capital adequacy on a component of tier 1 capital known as CET1. Because the Federal Reserve has long indicated that voting common shareholders' equity (essentially tier 1 risk-based capital less preferred stock and non-controlling interest in subsidiaries) generally should be the dominant element in tier 1 risk-based capital, this focus on CET1 is consistent with existing capital adequacy categories. Tier I regulatory capital consists primarily of total stockholders equity and subordinated debentures issued to business trusts categorized as qualifying borrowings, less non-qualifying intangible assets and unrealized net securities gains or losses. 
 
 A reconciliation of GAAP measures to regulatory measures (non-GAAP) are detailed in the following table for the periods indicated. 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in Thousands) First Merchants Corporation First Merchants Bank First Merchants Corporation First Merchants Bank Total Risk-Based Capital Total Stockholders' Equity (GAAP) 2,034,770 2,119,316 1,912,571 1,896,393 Adjust for Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss (1) 
 239,151 237,094 (55,113) (57,352) Less: Preferred Stock (25,125) (125) (125) (125) Add: Qualifying Capital Securities 25,000 46,606 Less: Disallowed Goodwill and Intangible Assets (738,206) (737,758) (564,002) (563,554) Add: Modified CECL Transition Amount 23,028 23,028 34,542 34,542 Less: Disallowed Deferred Tax Assets (337) (345) (239) (219) Total Tier 1 Capital (Regulatory) 1,558,281 1,641,210 1,374,240 1,309,685 Qualifying Subordinated Debentures 143,103 65,000 Allowance for Loan Losses Includible in Tier 2 Capital 180,870 181,086 143,241 143,673 Total Risk-Based Capital (Regulatory) 1,882,254 1,822,296 1,582,481 1,453,358 Net Risk-Weighted Assets (Regulatory) 14,392,671 14,410,136 11,369,907 11,404,902 Average Assets 17,118,953 17,092,008 14,768,956 14,749,855 Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio (Regulatory) 13.08 12.65 13.92 12.74 Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 10.83 11.39 12.09 11.48 Tier 1 Capital to Average Assets 9.10 9.60 9.30 8.88 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio Total Tier 1 Capital (Regulatory) 1,558,281 1,641,210 1,374,240 1,309,685 Less: Qualified Capital Securities (25,000) (46,606) Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (Regulatory) 1,533,281 1,641,210 1,327,634 1,309,685 Net Risk-Weighted Assets (Regulatory) 14,392,671 14,410,136 11,369,907 11,404,902 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio (Regulatory) 10.65 11.39 11.68 11.48 

(1) Includes net unrealized gains or losses on available for sale securities, net gains or losses on cash flow hedges, and amounts resulting from the application of the applicable accounting guidance for defined benefit and other postretirement plans. 
 
 In management's view, certain non-GAAP financial measures, when taken together with the corresponding GAAP financial measures and ratios, provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance. We believe investors benefit from referring to these non-GAAP financial measures and ratios in assessing our operating results and related trends, and when forecasting future periods. However, these non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not a substitute for or preferable to, financial measures and ratios presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 The Corporation's tangible common equity measures are capital adequacy metrics that are meaningful to the Corporation, as well as analysts and investors, in assessing the Corporation's use of equity and in facilitating period-to-period and company-to-company comparisons. Tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio was 7.34 percent at December 31, 2022, and 9.01 percent at December 31, 2021. The decrease in tangible common equity and tangible assets is primarily due to the decline in mark-to-market values associated with our available for sale investment securities portfolio. At December 31, 2021, the available for sale portfolio had a net unrealized gain of 75.9 million compared to a net unrealized loss of 296.7 million at December 31, 2022. This decline in value is due to interest rate changes and not due to credit quality. 
 
 Non-GAAP financial measures such as tangible common equity to tangible assets, tangible earnings per share, return on average tangible assets and return on average tangible equity are important measures of the strength of the Corporation's capital and ability to generate earnings on tangible common equity invested by our shareholders. These non-GAAP measures provide useful supplemental information and may assist investors in analyzing the Corporation s financial position without regard to the effects of intangible assets and preferred stock, but retain the effect of accumulated other comprehensive gains (losses) in shareholder's equity. Disclosure of these measures also allows analysts and banking regulators to assess our capital adequacy on these same bases. 
 47 

PART II: ITEM 7. AND ITEM 7A. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The tables within the NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES section of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations reconcile traditional GAAP measures to these non-GAAP financial measures at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

LOAN QUALITY AND PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES ON LOANS 
 
 The Corporation s primary lending focus is small business and middle market commercial, commercial real estate, public finance and residential real estate, which results in portfolio diversification. Commercial loans are individually underwritten and judgmentally risk rated. They are periodically monitored and prompt corrective actions are taken on deteriorating loans. Consumer loans are typically underwritten with statistical decision-making tools and are managed throughout their life cycle on a portfolio basis. 
 
 Loan Quality 
 
 The quality of the loan portfolio and the amount of non-performing loans may increase or decrease as a result of acquisitions, organic portfolio growth, problem loan recognition and resolution through collections, sales or charge-offs. The performance of any loan can be affected by external factors such as economic conditions, or internal factors specific to a particular borrower, such as the actions of a customer's internal management. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, non-performing loans totaled 42.5 million, a decrease of 843,000 from December 31, 2021. Non-accrual loans totaled 42.3 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 738,000 from December 31, 2021. 
 
 Other real estate owned and repossessions, totaling 6.4 million at December 31, 2022, increased 5.9 million from December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily related to a student housing property with a carrying value of 5.8 million. For other real estate owned, current appraisals are obtained to determine fair value as management continues to aggressively market these real estate assets. 
 
 According to applicable accounting guidance, loans that no longer exhibit similar risk characteristics are individually evaluated to determine if there is a need for a specific reserve. Commercial loans under 500,000 and consumer loans, with the exception of troubled debt restructures, are not individually evaluated. The determination for individual evaluation is made based on current information or events that may suggest it is probable that not all amounts due of principal and interest, according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement, will be substantially collected. 
 
 The Corporation's non-performing assets plus accruing loans 90 days or more delinquent and individually evaluated loans are presented in the table below. 
 (Dollars in Thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Non-Performing Assets: Non-accrual loans 42,324 43,062 Renegotiated loans 224 329 Non-performing loans (NPL) 42,548 43,391 OREO and Repossessions 6,431 558 Non-performing assets (NPA) 48,979 43,949 Loans 90-days or more delinquent and still accruing 1,737 963 NPAs and loans 90-days or more delinquent 50,716 44,912 

The non-accrual balances in the table above include troubled debt loan restructures totaling 11.1 million and 13.7 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The composition of non-performing assets plus accruing loans 90-days or more delinquent is reflected in the following table. 
 (Dollars in Thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Non-performing assets and loans 90-days or more delinquent: Commercial and industrial loans 4,439 8,273 Agricultural land, production and other loans to farmers 54 631 Real estate loans Construction 12 885 Commercial real estate, non-owner occupied 25,494 23,125 Commercial real estate, owner occupied 3,550 432 Residential 14,315 9,723 Home equity 2,742 1,840 Individual's loans for household and other personal expenditures 110 3 Non-performing assets and loans 90-days or more delinquent 50,716 44,912 
 48 

PART II: ITEM 7. AND ITEM 7A. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

PROVISION EXPENSE AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES ON LOANS 
 
 The Corporation adopted FASB Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ("CECL") on January 1, 2021. CECL replaces the previous "incurred loss" model with an "expected loss" model of measuring credit losses, which encompasses allowances for losses expected to be incurred over the life of the portfolio. The new CECL model requires the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets measured at amortized cost based on historical experiences, current conditions and reasonable and supportable economic forecasts. CECL also requires enhanced disclosures related to the significant estimates and judgments used in estimating credit losses, as well as credit quality and underwriting standards of an organization's portfolio. Additional details of the Corporation's methodology for measuring expected credit losses on loans is discussed in NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The CECL allowance is maintained through the provision for credit losses, which is a charge against earnings. Based on management s judgment as to the appropriate level of the allowance, the amount provided in any period may be greater or less than net loan losses for the same period. The determination of the provision amount and the adequacy of the allowance in any period is based on management s continuing review and evaluation of the loan portfolio. 
 
 The Corporation s total loan balance increased 2.8 billion, ending December 31, 2022 at 12.0 billion. The Level One acquisition added 1.6 billion to the total loan balance. Through the acquisition of Level One, the Bank acquired an additional 43.5 million of PPP loans as of the acquisition date. As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation had 4.7 million of PPP loans outstanding compared to the December 31, 2021 balance of 106.6 million. The Corporation will continue to monitor legislative, regulatory, and supervisory developments related to the PPP. However, it anticipates that the majority of the Bank s remaining PPP loans will be forgiven by the SBA in accordance with the terms of the program. Additional details of the Level One acquisition are included in NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses totaled 223.3 million, which represents an increase of 27.9 million from December 31, 2021. The acquisition of Level One added 16.6 million in allowance for credit losses on PCD loans and an additional 14.0 million in provision for credit losses on non-PCD loans. The allowance was offset by 2.7 million in net charge offs for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. As a percentage of loans, the allowance for credit losses was 1.86 percent at December 31, 2022, compared to 2.11 percent at December 31, 2021 and 1.41 percent at December 31, 2020. The allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans less PPP loans was 1.86 percent as of December 31, 2022. The Corporation deems the current estimate for loan portfolio credit exposure as appropriate. 
 
 The Corporation's credit loss experience is presented in the table below for the years indicated. 
 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Allowance for loan/credit losses: Balances, December 31, 2021 195,397 130,648 80,284 Impact of adopting ASC 326 74,055 Balances, January 1, 2021 Post-ASC 326 adoption 204,703 Loans charged off 6,601 11,884 10,485 Recoveries on loans 3,927 2,578 2,176 Net charge-offs 2,674 9,306 8,309 Provision for loan/credit losses 58,673 CECL Day 1 non-PCD provision for credit losses 13,955 CECL Day 1 PCD ACL 16,599 Ending balance, December 31, 2021 223,277 195,397 130,648 Ratio of net charge-offs during the period to average loans outstanding during the period 0.02 0.10 0.09 Ratio of allowance for credit losses - loans to non-accrual loans 527.5 453.8 212.5 Ratio of allowance for credit losses - loans to total loans outstanding 1.86 2.11 1.41 

There was 16.8 million in provision for credit losses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to no provision for credit losses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The provision is entirely due to the acquisition of Level One. 

49 

PART II: ITEM 7. AND ITEM 7A. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Net charge-offs totaling 2.7 million, 9.3 million, and 8.3 million were recognized for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, there was one individual charge-off greater than 500,000 that totaled 2.8 million. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, there were two individual recoveries greater than 500,000 that totaled 1.2 million. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, there were four individual charge-offs greater than 500,000 that totaled 9.0 million. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2020, there were two individual charge-offs greater than 500,000 that totaled 7.3 million. For the twelve months ending December 31, 2021 and 2020, there were not any individual recoveries greater than 500,000. The distribution of the net charge-offs (recoveries) for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 are reflected in the following table. 
 (Dollars in Thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Net charge-offs: Commercial and industrial loans 347 5,185 7,794 Agricultural land, production and other farm loans (4) (60) (2) Real estate loans Construction (863) 5 (101) Commercial real estate, non-owner occupied 2,817 3,334 (148) Commercial real estate, owner occupied (896) 619 56 Residential (4) (283) (160) Home equity 526 157 487 Individuals loans for household and other personal expenditures 751 349 383 Public finance and other commercial loans Total net charge-offs 2,674 9,306 8,309 

Management continually evaluates the commercial loan portfolio by including consideration of specific borrower cash flow analysis and estimated collateral values, types and amounts on non-performing loans, past and anticipated credit loss experience, changes in the composition of the loan portfolio, and the current condition and amount of loans outstanding. The determination of the provision for credit losses in any period is based on management s continuing review and evaluation of the loan portfolio, and its judgment as to the impact of current economic conditions on the portfolio. 

GOODWILL 
 
 As of October 1, 2022 and October 1, 2021, the Corporation performed its annual goodwill impairment testing and in each valuation, the fair value exceeded the Corporation's carrying value; therefore, it was concluded goodwill was not impaired as of either date. The Level One acquisition on April 1, 2022 resulted in 166.6 million of goodwill. In addition, the Hoosier acquisition on April, 1, 2021 resulted in 1.5 million of additional goodwill during that year. Details regarding the Level One and Hoosier acquisitions are discussed in NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

LIQUIDITY 
 
 Liquidity management is the process by which the Corporation ensures that adequate liquid funds are available for the holding company and its subsidiaries. These funds are necessary in order to meet financial commitments on a timely basis. These commitments include withdrawals by depositors, funding credit obligations to borrowers, paying dividends to stockholders, paying operating expenses, funding capital expenditures, and maintaining deposit reserve requirements. Liquidity is monitored and closely managed by the asset/liability committee. 
 
 The Corporation s liquidity is dependent upon the receipt of dividends from the Bank, which is subject to certain regulatory limitations and access to other funding sources. Liquidity of the Bank is derived primarily from core deposit growth, principal payments received on loans, the sale and maturity of investment securities, net cash provided by operating activities, and access to other funding sources. 
 
 The principal source of asset-funded liquidity is investment securities classified as available for sale, the market values of which totaled 2.0 billion at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 367.9 million, or 15.7 percent, from December 31, 2021. Securities classified as held to maturity that are maturing within a short period of time can also be a source of liquidity. Securities classified as held to maturity and that are maturing in one year or less totaled 13.7 million at December 31, 2022. In addition, other types of assets such as cash and interest-bearing deposits with other banks, federal funds sold and loans maturing within one year are sources of liquidity. 
 
 The most stable source of liability-funded liquidity for both the long-term and short-term is deposit growth and retention in the core deposit base. Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase are also considered a source of liquidity. In addition, FHLB advances are utilized as a funding source. At December 31, 2022, total borrowings from the FHLB were 823.7 million. The Bank has pledged certain mortgage loans and investments to the FHLB. The total available remaining borrowing capacity from the FHLB at December 31, 2022 was 617.6 million. 
 
 The Corporation and the Bank receive outside credit ratings from Moody's. Both the Corporation and the Bank currently have Issuer Ratings of Baa1 with a Rating Outlook of Stable. Additionally, the Bank has a Baseline Credit Assessment Rating of a3. Management considers these ratings to be indications of a sound capital base and strong liquidity and believes that these ratings would help ensure the ready marketability of its commercial paper. Because of the Corporation's and Bank's current levels of long-term debt, management believes it could generate additional liquidity from various sources should the need arise. 
 
 50 

PART II: ITEM 7. AND ITEM 7A. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following table presents the Corporation's material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations at December 31, 2022: 
 
 Payments Due In (Dollars in Thousands) One Year or Less Over One Year Total Deposits without stated maturity 13,105,937 13,105,937 Certificates and other time deposits 1,148,819 127,989 1,276,808 Securities sold under repurchase agreements 167,413 167,413 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 460,097 363,577 823,674 Federal Funds Purchased 171,560 171,560 Subordinated debentures and term loans 1,183 150,115 151,298 Total 15,055,009 641,681 15,696,690 

For further details related to the Corporation's deposits and borrowings, see NOTE 10. DEPOSITS and NOTE 11. BORROWINGS of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Also, in the normal course of business, the Bank is a party to a number of other off-balance sheet activities that contain credit, market and operational risk that are not reflected in whole or in part in the consolidated financial statements. These activities primarily consist of traditional off-balance sheet credit-related financial instruments such as loan commitments and standby letters of credit. 
 
 Summarized credit-related financial instruments at December 31, 2022 are as follows: 
 (Dollars in Thousands) December 31, 2022 Amounts of Commitments: Loan commitments to extend credit 4,950,724 Standby letters of credit 40,784 4,991,508 

Since many of the commitments are expected to expire unused or be only partially used, the total amount of unused commitments in the preceding table does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. 

INTEREST SENSITIVITY AND DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Asset/Liability management has been an important factor in the Corporation's ability to record consistent earnings growth through periods of interest rate volatility and product deregulation. Management and the Board of Directors monitor the Corporation's liquidity and interest sensitivity positions at regular meetings to review how changes in interest rates may affect earnings. Decisions regarding investment and the pricing of loan and deposit products are made after analysis of reports designed to measure liquidity, rate sensitivity, the Corporation s exposure to changes in net interest income given various rate scenarios and the economic and competitive environments. 
 
 It is the objective of the Corporation to monitor and manage risk exposure to net interest income caused by changes in interest rates. It is the goal of the Corporation s Asset/Liability management function to provide optimum and stable net interest income. To accomplish this, management uses two asset liability tools. GAP/Interest Rate Sensitivity Reports and Net Interest Income Simulation Modeling are constructed, presented and monitored quarterly. Management believes that the Corporation's liquidity and interest sensitivity position at December 31, 2022 remained adequate to meet the Corporation s primary goal of achieving optimum interest margins while avoiding undue interest rate risk. 
 51 

PART II: ITEM 7. AND ITEM 7A. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following table presents the Corporation s interest rate sensitivity analysis as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 December 31, 2022 (Dollars in Thousands) 1-180 Days 181-365 Days 1-5 Years Beyond 5 Years Total Rate-Sensitive Assets: Interest-bearing deposits 126,061 126,061 Investment securities 97,873 105,060 997,075 3,063,780 4,263,788 Loans 6,512,836 482,345 2,985,969 2,031,838 12,012,988 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 38,525 38,525 Total rate-sensitive assets 6,736,770 587,405 4,021,569 5,095,618 16,441,362 Rate-Sensitive Liabilities: Interest-bearing deposits 9,880,678 760,835 118,931 448,884 11,209,328 Federal funds purchased 171,560 171,560 Securities sold under repurchase agreements 167,413 167,413 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 375,000 85,000 285,000 78,674 823,674 Subordinated debentures and term loans 50,039 101,259 151,298 Total rate-sensitive liabilities 10,644,690 845,835 403,931 628,817 12,523,273 Interest rate sensitivity gap by period (3,907,920) (258,430) 3,617,638 4,466,801 Cumulative rate sensitivity gap (3,907,920) (4,166,350) (548,712) 3,918,089 Cumulative rate sensitivity gap ratio at December 31, 2022 63.3 63.7 95.4 131.3 at December 31, 2021 60.3 63.8 85.0 134.0 

The Corporation had a cumulative negative gap of 4.2 billion in the one-year horizon at December 31, 2022, or 23.2 percent of total assets. 
 
 Net interest income simulation modeling, or earnings-at-risk, measures the sensitivity of net interest income to various interest rate movements. The Corporation's asset liability process monitors simulated net interest income under three separate interest rate scenarios; base, rising and falling. Estimated net interest income for each scenario is calculated over a twelve-month horizon. The immediate and parallel changes to the base case scenario used in the model are presented below. The interest rate scenarios are used for analytical purposes and do not necessarily represent management's view of future market movements. Rather, these are intended to provide a measure of the degree of volatility interest rate movements may introduce into the earnings of the Corporation. 
 
 The base scenario is highly dependent on numerous assumptions embedded in the model, including assumptions related to future interest rates. While the base sensitivity analysis incorporates management's best estimate of interest rate and balance sheet dynamics under various market rate movements, the actual behavior and resulting earnings impact will likely differ from that projected. For certain assets, the base simulation model captures the expected prepayment behavior under changing interest rate environments. Assumptions and methodologies regarding the interest rate or balance behavior of indeterminate maturity products, such as savings, money market, interest-bearing and demand deposits, reflect management's best estimate of expected future behavior. Historical retention rate assumptions are applied to non-maturity deposits for modeling purposes. 
 
 The comparative rising 200 basis points and falling 100 basis points scenarios below, as of December 31, 2022, assume further interest rate changes in addition to the base simulation discussed above. These changes are immediate and parallel changes to the base case scenario. 
 
 Results for rising 200 basis points and falling 100 basis points interest rate scenarios are listed below based upon the Corporation s rate sensitive assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022. The change from the base case represents cumulative net interest income over a twelve-month time horizon. Balance sheet assumptions used for the base scenario are the same for the rising and falling simulations. 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Rising 200 basis points from base case 2.8 1.4 Falling 100 basis points from base case (2.3) (0.9) 
 52 

PART II: ITEM 7. AND ITEM 7A. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

EARNING ASSETS 
 
 The following table presents the earning asset mix as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Earning assets increased by 2.2 billion, or 15.1 percent, during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The April 1, 2022 acquisition of Level One contributed to increases in several categories. Additional details of the Level One acquisition can be found in NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Interest bearing deposits decreased 348.1 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 as excess liquidity was used to fund organic loan growth. 
 
 Total investment securities decreased 260.6 million from December 31, 2021. The net unrealized gain on the Corporation's available for sale investment securities portfolio of 75.9 million at December 31, 2021 changed to a net unrealized loss of 296.7 million as of December 31, 2022. The change to a net unrealized loss position was due to changes in interest rates and not credit quality. Additional details of the changes in the Corporation's investment securities portfolio are discussed within NOTE 4. INVESTMENT SECURITIES of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The Corporation's total loan portfolio increased 2.8 million from December 31, 2021, with 1.6 billion of the increase resulting from the acquisition of Level One. At December 31, 2022, the Corporation's PPP loan portfolio, which included PPP loans from Level One, were primarily in the commercial and industrial loan class and totaled 4.7 million, a decrease of 145.4 million from the December 31, 2021 balance of 106.6 million plus the additional 43.5 million from Level One. Excluding the decline in PPP loans and the effect of Level One's acquired loans at acquisition date, the Corporation experienced organic loan growth of 1.3 billion, or 13.9 percent since December 31, 2021. All loan classes experienced increases from December 31, 2021, with the exception of agricultural land, production and other loans to farmers, and the largest increases were in residential real estate, commercial and industrial loans and construction real estate. Additional details of the changes in the Corporation's loan portfolio are discussed within NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the "LOAN QUALITY AND PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES ON LOANS" section of this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank Stock increased 9.8 million from December 31, 2021. The Level One acquisition contributed 11.7 million to the increase, which was offset by the repurchase of excess stock by the FHLB of 1.9 million. 
 December 31, December 31, (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 Interest-bearing deposits 126,061 474,154 Investment securities available for sale 1,976,661 2,344,551 Investment securities held to maturity 2,287,127 2,179,802 Loans held for sale 9,094 11,187 Loans 12,003,894 9,241,861 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 38,525 28,736 16,441,362 14,280,291 

DEPOSITS AND BORROWINGS 
 
 The table below reflects the level of deposits and borrowed funds (repurchase agreements, FHLB advances, subordinated debentures and term loans) at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 December 31, December 31, (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 Deposits: Demand deposits 8,448,797 7,704,190 Savings deposits 4,657,140 4,334,802 Certificates and other time deposits of 100,000 or more 742,539 273,379 Other certificates and time deposits 468,712 389,752 Brokered deposits 65,557 30,454 Total deposits 14,382,745 12,732,577 Federal funds purchased 171,560 Securities sold under repurchase agreements 167,413 181,577 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 823,674 334,055 Subordinated debentures and term loans 151,298 118,618 15,696,690 13,366,827 
 
 Deposits increased 1.7 billion from December 31, 2021. The acquisition of Level One contributed 1.9 billion in deposits, resulting in an organic deposit decline of 280.6 million, or 2.2 percent. Additional details regarding the acquisition are discussed within NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The majority of the organic deposit decline was due to decreases in non-maturity deposits of 513.5 million, which was offset by increases in maturity deposits of 232.9 million when compared to December 31, 2021. Higher interest rates have resulted in customers migrating funds from non-maturity products into maturity time deposit products. 
 53 

PART II: ITEM 7. AND ITEM 7A. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances increased 489.6 million compared to December 31, 2021 as the Corporation utilized liquidity from FHLB advances to fund organic loan growth. The Corporation has leveraged its capital position with FHLB advances, as well as repurchase agreements, which are pledged against acquired investment securities as collateral for the borrowings. Further discussion regarding FHLB advances is included in NOTE 11. BORROWINGS of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10K and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the heading LIQUIDITY . Additionally, the interest rate risk is included as part of the Corporation s interest simulation discussed in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the heading INTEREST SENSITIVITY AND DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK . 
 
 Subordinated debentures and term loans increased 32.7 million compared to December 31, 2021 due to the acquisition of Level One. Additional details regarding Level One's subordinated debentures and other borrownings are discussed within NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS and NOTE 11. BORROWINGS of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10K. 

INFLATION 
 
 The Corporation s financial statements are presented in accordance with GAAP, which requires the measurement of financial position and operating results primarily in terms of historic dollar values. Changes in the relative value of money due to inflation or recession are generally not considered. Historically, changes in interest rates have affected the financial condition of a financial institution to a far greater degree than changes in the inflation rate. However, with inflation reaching the highest level in decades, the impact of such on the financial institution is more direct. The most direct effect of inflation on the Corporation s operations is reflected in increased operating costs. The impact of inflation on operating costs in 2022 is reflected primarily in higher labor and vendor costs. During 2022, the Federal Reserve engaged in the tightening of monetary policy to address inflation by increasing the target federal funds rate by 425 basis points. The Corporation's sensitivity to interest rate changes are presented in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the heading INTEREST SENSITIVITY AND DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK . This rapid increase in interest rates can impact consumer spending as goods and services cost more thereby causing deposit balances to decline. In addition, the Corporation s loan growth could moderate as customers respond to the impact of higher interest rates, high costs and a slowing economy. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 
 The quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk information are presented in the INTEREST SENSITIVITY AND DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK section of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included as Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 54 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders, Board of Directors and Audit Committee 
 First Merchants Corporation 
 Muncie, Indiana 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of First Merchants Corporation (the Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended 
 December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Corporation changed its method of accounting for credit losses effective January 1, 2021 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Topic 326: Financial Instruments - Credit Losses. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Corporation s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Corporation s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 
 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 As described in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Corporation s allowance for credit losses (ACL) on loans was 223.3 million at December 31, 2022. The ACL is an estimate of current expected credit losses in the loan portfolio. The determination of the ACL requires significant judgment reflecting the Corporation s best estimate of expected future losses for the loan s entire contractual term adjusted for expected payments when appropriate. 
 
 We identified the valuation of the ACL as a critical audit matter. Auditing the ACL involves a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating management s estimates, such as evaluating management s assessment of economic forecasts and conditions and other environmental factors used to adjust historical loss rates, evaluating the adequacy of specific allowances associated with loans individually evaluated and assessing the appropriateness of loan grades. 
 
 55 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Obtained an understanding of the Corporation s process for establishing the ACL, including the selection of models and the qualitative factor adjustments of the ACL 
 
 Testing the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls, including those related to technology over the ACL, the establishment of qualitative adjustments for current and expected conditions, grading and risk classification of loans and establishment of specific reserves on individually evaluated loans and management s review controls over the ACL balance as a whole including attending internal Corporation Credit Policy Committee meetings and Audit Committee discussions and analysis 
 
 Testing clerical and computational accuracy of the formulas within the calculation. 
 
 Testing of completeness and accuracy of the information and reports utilized in the ACL, including reports used in management review controls over the ACL. 
 
 Performed reviews of individual credit files to evaluate the reasonableness of loan credit risk ratings. 
 
 Tested internally prepared loan reviews to evaluate the reasonableness of loan credit risk ratings 
 
 Evaluated the qualitative adjustments to the ACL including assessing the basis for adjustments and the reasonableness of the significant assumptions 
 
 Evaluating the forecast adjustment, including assessing that it is reasonable and supportable 
 
 Tested the reasonableness of specific reserves on individually reviewed loans 
 
 Evaluated credit quality trends in delinquencies, non-accruals, charge-offs and loan risk ratings 
 
 Evaluated the overall reasonableness of the ACL and evaluated trends identified within peer groups. 
 
 Identifying fields in the various loan systems that defined the loan pools and tested the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls surrounding the input and maintenance of those fields. 

FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, BKD, LLP) 
 
 We have served as the Corporation s auditor since at least 1982; however, an earlier year cannot be reliably determined. 
 Indianapolis, Indiana 
 March 1, 2023 

56 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, December 31, (Dollars in Thousands, Except Share Data) 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits Investment securities available for sale Investment securities held to maturity, net of allowance for credit losses of and (fair value of and 
 Loans held for sale Loans Less: Allowance for credit losses - loans ) ) Net loans Premises and equipment Federal Home Loan Bank stock Interest receivable Other intangibles Goodwill Cash surrender value of life insurance Other real estate owned Tax asset, deferred and receivable Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES Deposits: Noninterest-bearing Interest-bearing Total Deposits Borrowings: Federal funds purchased Securities sold under repurchase agreements Federal Home Loan Bank advances Subordinated debentures and other borrowings Total Borrowings Interest payable Other liabilities Total Liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value, liquidation value: 
 Authorized - shares 
 Issued and outstanding - shares 
 Preferred Stock, Series A, par value, liquidation preference: 
 Authorized - non-cumulative perpetual shares 
 Issued and outstanding - non-cumulative perpetual shares 
 Common Stock, stated value: 
 Authorized - shares 
 Issued and outstanding - and shares 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total Stockholders' Equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 57 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except Share Data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 INTEREST INCOME Loans receivable: Taxable Tax-exempt Investment securities: Taxable Tax-exempt Deposits with financial institutions Federal Home Loan Bank stock Total Interest Income INTEREST EXPENSE Deposits Federal funds purchased Securities sold under repurchase agreements Federal Home Loan Bank advances Subordinated debentures and other borrowings Total Interest Expense NET INTEREST INCOME Provision for credit losses - loans NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES NON-INTEREST INCOME Service charges on deposit accounts Fiduciary and wealth management fees Card payment fees Net gains and fees on sales of loans Derivative hedge fees Other customer fees Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance Gains on life insurance benefits Net realized gains on sales of available for sale securities Other income Total Non-Interest Income NON-INTEREST EXPENSES Salaries and employee benefits Net occupancy Equipment Marketing Outside data processing fees Printing and office supplies Intangible asset amortization FDIC assessments Other real estate owned and foreclosure expenses Professional and other outside services Other expenses Total Non-Interest Expenses INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX Income tax expense NET INCOME Preferred stock dividends NET INCOME AVAILABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS NET INCOME AVAILABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS PER SHARE DATA: Basic Diluted 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Dollars in Thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized gains/losses on securities available-for-sale: Unrealized holding gain (loss) arising during the period ) ) Reclassification adjustment for losses (gains) included in net income ) ) ) Tax effect ) Net of tax ) ) Unrealized gain/loss on cash flow hedges: Unrealized holding gain (loss) arising during the period ) Reclassification adjustment for losses (gains) included in net income Tax effect ) ) Net of tax ) Defined benefit pension plans: Net gain (loss) arising during the period ) ) Reclassification adjustment for amortization of prior service cost Tax effect ) Net of tax ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 59 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 Cumulative Preferred Stock Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Accumulated Other (Dollars in Thousands, Except Share Data) Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Balances, December 31, 2019 Comprehensive income Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Cash dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Stock issued under employee benefit plans Stock issued under dividend reinvestment and stock purchase plan Stock options exercised Restricted shares withheld for taxes ) ) ) ) Balances, December 31, 2020 Cumulative effect of ASC 326 adoption ) ) Balance, January 1, 2021 Comprehensive income Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Cash dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Stock issued under employee benefit plans Stock issued under dividend reinvestment and stock purchase plan Stock options exercised Restricted shares withheld for taxes ) ) ) ) Balances, December 31, 2021 Comprehensive income Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Cash dividends on preferred stock per share) 
 ) ) Cash dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Issuance of stock related to acquisition Share-based compensation Stock issued under employee benefit plans Stock issued under dividend reinvestment and stock purchase plan Stock options exercised Restricted shares withheld for taxes ) ) ) ) Balances, December 31, 2022 ) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 60 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 December 31, December 31, December 31, (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flow From Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses Depreciation and amortization Change in deferred taxes ) Share-based compensation Loans originated for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Gains on sales of loans held for sale ) ) ) Gains on sales of securities available for sale ) ) ) Increase in cash surrender of life insurance ) ) ) Gains on life insurance benefits ) ) ) Change in interest receivable ) ) ) Change in interest payable ) ) Other adjustments Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Net change in interest-bearing deposits ) ) Purchases of: Securities available for sale ) ) ) Securities held to maturity ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of securities available for sale Proceeds from maturities of: Securities available for sale Securities held to maturity Change in Federal Home Loan Bank stock Net change in loans ) ) ) Net cash and cash equivalents received (paid) in acquisition ) Proceeds from the sale of other real estate owned Proceeds from life insurance benefits Proceeds from mortgage portfolio loan sale Other adjustments ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Net change in : Demand and savings deposits ) Certificates of deposit and other time deposits ) ) Borrowings Repayment of borrowings ) ) ) Cash dividends on preferred stock ) Cash dividends on common stock ) ) ) Stock issued under employee benefit plans Stock issued under dividend reinvestment and stock purchase plans Stock options exercised Repurchase of common stock ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) ) Cash and Cash Equivalents, January 1 Cash and Cash Equivalents, December 31 Additional cash flow information: Interest paid Income tax paid Loans transferred to other real estate owned Fixed assets transferred to other real estate owned Non-cash investing activities using trade date accounting ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - CONTINUED 
 
 In conjunction with the acquisitions, liabilities were assumed as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Fair value of assets acquired Cash paid in acquisition ) ) Less: Common stock issued Less: Preferred stock issued Liabilities assumed 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 61 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

NOTE 1 

The Corporation is a financial holding company whose principal activity is the ownership and management of the Bank and operates in a single significant business segment. The Bank provides full banking services under an Indiana state-charter. Additionally, the Bank operates as First Merchants Private Wealth Advisors (a division of First Merchants Bank). The Bank generates commercial, mortgage, and consumer loans and receives deposits from customers located primarily in central and northern Indiana, northeast Illinois, central Ohio and southeast Michigan counties. The Bank s loans are generally secured by specific items of collateral, including real property, consumer assets and business assets. 
 
 A brief description of current accounting practices and current valuation methodologies are presented below. 

62 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

An allowance for credit losses of was recorded on state and municipal securities classified as held to maturity based on applying the long-term historical credit loss rate, as published by Moody s, for similarly rated securities. Details of the Corporation's ACL - Investments are included in NOTE 4. INVESTMENT SECURITIES of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

million of PPP loans compared to the December 31, 2021 balance of million. The Corporation will continue to monitor legislative, regulatory, and supervisory developments related to the PPP. However, it anticipates that the majority of the Bank s remaining PPP loans will be forgiven by the SBA in accordance with the terms of the program. 
 
 Loan commitments and letters-of-credit generally have short-term, variable-rate features and contain clauses which limit the exposure to changes in customer credit quality. Accordingly, their carrying values, which are immaterial at the respective balance sheet dates, are reasonable estimates of fair value. Details of the Corporation's loan portfolio are included in NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 63 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred, while major additions and improvements, which extend the useful life, are capitalized. Gains and losses on dispositions are included in current operations. Details of the Corporation's premises and equipment are included in NOTE 6. PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

64 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

. Intangible assets are periodically evaluated as to the recoverability of their carrying value. Details of the Corporation's other intangible assets are included in NOTE 8. OTHER INTANGIBLES of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

65 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

66 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

. Details of the Corporation's share-based compensation are included in NOTE 17. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

67 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

68 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

NOTE 2 
 
 percent of Level One Bancorp, Inc. ("Level One"). Level One, a Michigan corporation, merged with and into the Corporation (the "Merger"), whereupon the separate corporate existence of Level One ceased and the Corporation survived. Immediately following the Merger, Level One's wholly owned subsidiary, Level One Bank, merged with and into the Bank, with the Bank as the surviving bank. 
 
 Level One was headquartered in Farmington Hills, Michigan and had banking centers serving the Michigan market. Pursuant to the merger agreement, each common shareholder of Level One received, for each outstanding share of Level One common stock held, (a) a share of the Corporation's common stock, and (b) a cash payment of . The Corporation issued million shares of the Corporation's common stock and paid million in cash, in exchange for all outstanding shares of Level One common stock. 
 
 Additionally, the Corporation issued shares of newly created percent non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, with a liquidation preference of per share, in exchange for the outstanding Level One Series B preferred stock. Likewise, each outstanding Level One depositary share representing a 1/100th interest in a share of the Level One Series B preferred stock was converted into a depositary share of the Corporation representing a 1/100th interest in a share of its newly issued preferred stock (Nasdaq: FRMEP). 
 
 The Corporation engaged in this transaction with the expectation that it would be accretive to income and add to the existing market area in Michigan that has a demographic profile consistent with many of the current Midwest markets served by the Bank. Goodwill resulted from this transaction due to the expected synergies and economies of scale. 

69 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

Investment securities available for sale Investment securities held to maturity Loans held for sale Loans Allowance for credit losses - loans ) Premises and equipment Federal Home Loan Bank stock Interest receivable Cash surrender value of life insurance Tax asset, deferred and receivable Other assets Deposits ) Securities sold under repurchase agreements ) Federal Home Loan Bank advances ) Subordinated debentures ) Interest payable ) Other liabilities ) Net tangible assets acquired Other intangibles Goodwill Purchase price 

The Corporation performed an evaluation of the loan portfolio in which there were loans that, at acquisition, had more than an insignificant amount of credit quality deterioration and were classified as purchased credit deteriorated ("PCD"). Details of the PCD loans are included in NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Of the total purchase price, million has been allocated to other intangible assets. Approximately million was allocated to a core deposit intangible, which will be amortized over its estimated life of years. Approximately million was allocated to a non-compete intangible, which will be amortized over its estimated life of years. The remaining purchase price has been allocated to goodwill, which is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Hoosier Trust Company 
 
 On April 1, 2021, the Bank acquired percent of Hoosier Trust Company ("Hoosier") through a merger of Hoosier with and into the Bank. The consideration paid to shareholders of Hoosier at closing was in cash. Prior to the acquisition, Hoosier was an Indiana corporate trust company, headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, with approximately million in assets under management. Hoosier s sole office is now being operated by the Bank as a limited service trust office. 
 
 Other assets Other liabilities ) Net tangible assets acquired ) Customer relationship intangible Goodwill Purchase price 
 
 Of the total purchase price, was allocated to a customer relationship intangible, which will be amortized over its estimated life of years. The remaining purchase price was allocated to goodwill, which is deductible for tax purposes. 

70 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

Net Income Net income available to common shareholders Earnings per share: Basic Diluted 
 
 The pro forma information includes adjustments for interest income on loans and investment securities, interest expense on deposits and borrowings, premises expense for the banking centers acquired and amortization of intangibles arising from the transaction and the related income tax effects. The pro forma information includes operating revenue of million from Level One since the date of acquisition, and million, net of tax, of acquisition-related expenses. The pro forma information is presented for information purposes only and is not indicative of the results of operations that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been consummated as of January 1, 2022 and 2021, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results. 

NOTE 3 
 
 . Each correspondent bank s financial performance and market rating are reviewed on a quarterly basis to ensure the Corporation has deposits only at institutions providing minimal risk for those exceeding the federally insured limits. 
 
 Additionally, the Corporation had approximately at the Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank, which are government-sponsored entities not insured by the FDIC. 
 
 The Corporation has historically been required to maintain reserve funds in cash and/or on deposit with the Federal Reserve Bank. However, the Federal Reserve announced on March 15, 2020 that in order to support the flow of credit to households and businesses during the COVID-19 pandemic, reserve requirement ratios would move to zero effective March 26, 2020. The reserve requirement ratios remained at zero as of December 31, 2022. 

NOTE 4 
 
 U.S. Government-sponsored agency securities State and municipal U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities Corporate obligations Total available for sale 
 71 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

U.S. Government-sponsored agency securities State and municipal U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities Corporate obligations Total available for sale 

The following table summarizes the amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses, approximate fair value and allowance for credit losses on investment securities held to maturity as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 Amortized Cost Allowance for Credit Losses Net Carrying Amount Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Held to maturity at December 31, 2022 U.S. Government-sponsored agency securities State and municipal U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities Foreign investment Total held to maturity 

Amortized Cost Allowance for Credit Losses Net Carrying Amount Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Held to maturity at December 31, 2021 U.S. Government-sponsored agency securities State and municipal U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities Foreign investment Total held to maturity 

Accrued interest on investment securities available for sale and held to maturity of million and million is included in the Interest Receivable line on the Corporation's Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The total amount of accrued interest is excluded from the amortized cost of available for sale and held to maturity securities presented above. 
 
 In determining the allowance for credit losses on investment securities available for sale that are in an unrealized loss position, the Corporation first assesses whether it intends to sell, or it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met, the security s amortized cost basis is written down to fair value through the income statement. For investment securities available for sale that do not meet the aforementioned criteria, the Corporation evaluates whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors. In making this assessment, the Corporation considers the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency, and adverse conditions specifically related to the security, among other factors. If this assessment indicates that a credit loss exists, the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security are compared to the amortized cost basis of the security. If the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis, a credit loss exists and an allowance for credit losses is recorded for the credit loss, limited by the amount that the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis. Unrealized losses that have not been recorded through an allowance for credit losses is recognized in other comprehensive income. Adjustments to the allowance are reported in the income statement as a component of the provision for credit loss. The Corporation has made the accounting policy election to exclude accrued interest receivable on investment securities available for sale from the estimate of credit losses. Investment securities available for sale are charged off against the allowance or, in the absence of any allowance, written down through the income statement when deemed uncollectible or when either of the aforementioned criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met. The Corporation did not record an allowance for credit losses on its investment securities available for sale as the unrealized losses were attributable to changes in interest rates, not credit quality. 

72 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

was recorded on the state and municipal securities classified as held to maturity based on applying the long-term historical credit loss rate, as published by Moody s, for similarly rated securities. The balance of the allowance for credit losses on investment securities remained unchanged at as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Aa1 Aa2 Aa3 A1 A2 A3 Non-rated Total 

U.S. Government-sponsored agency securities State and municipal U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities Corporate obligations Total investment securities available for sale 
 
 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Longer Total Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Investment securities available for sale at December 31, 2021 U.S. Treasury U.S. Government-sponsored agency securities State and municipal U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities Corporate obligations Total investment securities available for sale 

73 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

U.S. Government-sponsored agency securities State and municipal U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities Corporate obligations Total investment securities available for sale 
 
 Gross Unrealized Losses Number of Securities Investment securities available for sale at December 31, 2021 U.S. Treasury U.S. Government-sponsored agency securities State and municipal U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities Corporate obligations Total investment securities available for sale 

The unrealized losses in the Corporation s investment portfolio were the result of changes in interest rates and not credit quality. As a result, the Corporation expects to recover the amortized cost basis over the term of the securities. The Corporation does not intend to sell the investments and it is not more likely than not that the Corporation will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may be maturity. 
 
 Fair value Gross unrealized losses Percent of the Corporation's investments available for sale 
 
 In determining the fair value of the investment securities portfolio, the Corporation utilizes a third party for portfolio accounting services, including market value input, for those securities classified as Level 1 and Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. The Corporation has obtained an understanding of what inputs are being used by the vendor in pricing the portfolio and how the vendor classified these securities based upon these inputs. From these discussions, the Corporation s management is comfortable that the classifications are proper. The Corporation has gained trust in the data for two reasons: (a) independent spot testing of the data is conducted by the Corporation through obtaining market quotes from various brokers on a periodic basis; and (b) actual gains or loss resulting from the sale of certain securities has proven the data to be accurate over time. Fair value of securities classified as Level 3 in the valuation hierarchy was determined using a discounted cash flow model that incorporated market estimates of interest rates and volatility in markets that have not been active. 

74 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

Due after one through five years Due after five through ten years Due after ten years U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities Total Investment Securities 
 
 Available for Sale Held to Maturity Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Maturity Distribution at December 31, 2021 Due in one year or less Due after one through five years Due after five through ten years Due after ten years U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities Total Investment Securities 

Securities with a carrying value of approximately million and million were pledged at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to secure certain deposits and securities sold under repurchase agreements, and for other purposes as permitted or required by law. 
 
 The book value of securities sold under agreements to repurchase amounted to million at December 31, 2022 and million at 
 December 31, 2021. 
 
 Gross losses Net gains of sales and redemptions of investment securities available for sale 
 
 75 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

NOTE 5 
 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 Agricultural land, production and other loans to farmers Real estate loans: Construction Commercial real estate, non-owner occupied Commercial real estate, owner occupied Residential Home equity Individuals' loans for household and other personal expenditures Public finance and other commercial loans Loans 

The Level One acquisition added billion in loans at acquisition, which included million of Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") loans. Additional details of the Level One acquisition are included in NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation had million of PPP loans compared to the December 31, 2021 balance of million. Additional details of the PPP are included in NOTE 1. NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Credit Quality 
 
 As part of the ongoing monitoring of the credit quality of the Corporation's loan portfolio, management tracks certain credit quality indicators including trends related to: (i) the level of criticized commercial loans, (ii) net charge-offs, (iii) non-performing loans, (iv) covenant failures and (v) the general national and local economic conditions. 
 
 The Corporation utilizes a risk grading of pass, special mention, substandard, doubtful and loss to assess the overall credit quality of large commercial loans. All large commercial credit grades are reviewed at a minimum of once a year for pass grade loans. Loans with grades below pass are reviewed more frequently depending on the grade. A description of the general characteristics of these grades is as follows: 
 
 Pass - Loans that are considered to be of acceptable credit quality. 
 
 Special Mention - Loans which possess some credit deficiency or potential weakness, which deserves close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or in the Corporation's credit position at some future date. Special mention assets are not adversely classified and do not expose the Corporation to sufficient risk to warrant adverse classification. 
 
 Substandard - A substandard loan is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Assets so classified have a well-defined weakness that jeopardizes the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Corporation will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
 
 Doubtful - Loans that have all of the weaknesses of those classified as Substandard. However, based on currently existing facts, conditions and values, these weaknesses make full collection of principal highly questionable and improbable. 
 
 Loss Loans that are considered uncollectible and of such little value that continuing to carry them as an asset is not warranted. Loans will be classified as Loss when it is neither practical or desirable to defer writing off or reserving all or a portion of a basically worthless asset, even though partial recovery may be possible at some time in the future. 
 
 76 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

million and , respectively. Commercial and industrial loan balances as of December 31, 2021 include PPP loans with an origination year of 2021 and 2020 of million and million, respectively. 

December 31, 2022 Term Loans (amortized cost basis by origination year) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Prior Revolving loans amortized cost basis Revolving loans converted to term Total Commercial and industrial loans Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial and industrial loans Agricultural land, production and other loans to farmers Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Agricultural land, production and other loans to farmers Real estate loans: Construction Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Construction Commercial real estate, non-owner occupied Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial real estate, non-owner occupied Commercial real estate, owner occupied Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial real estate, owner occupied Residential Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Residential Home equity Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Home Equity Individuals' loans for household and other personal expenditures Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Individuals' loans for household and other personal expenditures Public finance and other commercial loans Pass Total Public finance and other commercial loans Loans 
 77 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial and industrial loans Agricultural land, production and other loans to farmers Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Agricultural land, production and other loans to farmers Real estate loans: Construction Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Construction Commercial real estate, non-owner occupied Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial real estate, non-owner occupied Commercial real estate, owner occupied Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial real estate, owner occupied Residential Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Residential Home equity Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Home Equity Individuals' loans for household and other personal expenditures Pass Special Mention Total Individuals' loans for household and other personal expenditures Public finance and other commercial loans Pass Total Public finance and other commercial loans Loans 
 78 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

million as of December 31, 2022, a million increase from the total of million for December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, 30-59 Days Past Due loans totaled million, an increase of million from December 31, 2021. The primary increases were in commercial real estate owner and non-owner occupied and residential portfolios. At December 31, 2022, 60-89 Days Past Due loans totaled million, a decrease of million from December 31, 2021. The primary decreases were in commercial and industrial loans and residential portfolios, offset by an increase in the home equity portfolio. At December 31, 2022, 90 Days or More Past Due loans totaled million, an increase of million from December 31, 2021. The primary increases were in the commercial and industrial and residential portfolios, offset by a decrease in the non-owner occupied commercial real estate portfolio. 
 Agricultural land, production and other loans to farmers Real estate loans: Construction Commercial real estate, non-owner occupied Commercial real estate, owner occupied Residential Home equity Individuals' loans for household and other personal expenditures Public finance and other commercial loans Loans 

December 31, 2021 Current 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days or More Past Due Total Loans > 90 Days or More Past Due And Accruing Commercial and industrial loans Agricultural land, production and other loans to farmers Real estate loans: Construction Commercial real estate, non-owner occupied Commercial real estate, owner occupied Residential Home equity Individuals' loans for household and other personal expenditures Public finance and other commercial loans Loans 

Loans are reclassified to a non-accruing status when, in management s judgment, the collateral value and financial condition of the borrower do not justify accruing interest. At the time the accrual is discontinued, all unpaid accrued interest is reversed against earnings. Interest income accrued in the prior year, if any, is charged to the allowance for credit losses. Payments subsequently received on non-accrual loans are applied to principal. A loan is returned to accrual status when principal and interest are no longer past due and collectability is probable, typically after a minimum of six consecutive months of performance. 
 
 Agricultural land, production and other loans to farmers Real estate loans: Construction Commercial real estate, non-owner occupied Commercial real estate, owner occupied Residential Home equity Individuals' loans for household and other personal expenditures Loans 
 79 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

interest income recognized on non-accrual loans for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Determining fair value for collateral dependent loans requires obtaining a current independent appraisal of the collateral and applying a discount factor, which includes selling costs if applicable, to the value. The fair value of real estate is generally based on appraisals by qualified licensed appraisers. The appraisers typically determine the value of the real estate by utilizing an income or market valuation approach. If an appraisal is not available, the fair value may be determined by using a cash flow analysis. Fair value on other collateral such as business assets is typically ascertained by assessing, either singularly or some combination of, asset appraisals, accounts receivable aging reports, inventory listings and or customer financial statements. Both appraised values and values based on borrower s financial information are discounted as considered appropriate based on age and quality of the information and current market conditions. 
 
 million between 2022 and 2021, which is mostly in the commercial and industrial loan class, is primarily related to loans from the acquisition of Level One. 
 December 31, 2022 Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate Other Total Allowance on Collateral Dependent Loans Commercial and industrial loans Real estate loans: Construction Commercial real estate, non-owner occupied Commercial real estate, owner occupied Residential Home equity Loans 
 
 December 31, 2021 Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate Other Total Allowance on Collateral Dependent Loans Commercial and industrial loans Agricultural land, production and other loans to farmers Real estate loans: Construction Commercial real estate, non-owner occupied Commercial real estate, owner occupied Residential Home equity Loans 

In certain loan restructuring situations, the Corporation may grant a concession to a debtor experiencing financial difficulty, resulting in a troubled debt restructuring. A concession is deemed to be granted when, as a result of the restructuring, the Corporation does not expect to collect all original amounts due, including interest accrued at the original contract rate. If the payment of principal at original maturity is primarily dependent on the value of collateral, the current value of the collateral is considered in determining whether the principal will be repaid. 

80 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

Real estate loans: Residential Total 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 Pre- Modification Recorded Balance Term Modification Rate Modification Combination Post - Modification Recorded Balance Number of Loans Commercial and industrial loans Real estate loans: Construction Commercial real estate, non owner occupied Commercial real estate, owner occupied Residential Total 

Loans in the commercial and industrial and residential loan classes made up percent and percent, respectively, of the post-modification balances of the troubled debt restructured loans that occurred during the twelve months ending December 31, 2022. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, commercial real estate, non owner occupied made up percent of the post-modification balance of the troubled debt restructured loans that occurred in the period. 
 
 Total 

Commercial troubled debt restructured loans risk graded special mention, substandard, doubtful and loss are individually evaluated for apparent loss and may result in a specific reserve allocation in the allowance for credit loss. Commercial troubled debt restructures that are not individually evaluated for a specific reserve are included in the calculation of allowance for credit losses through the loan segment loss analysis. 
 
 For all consumer loan modifications, an evaluation to identify if a troubled debt restructure has occurred is performed prior to making the modification. Any subsequent deterioration is addressed through the charge-off process or through a specific reserve allocation included in the allowance for credit loss. Consumer troubled debt restructures that are not individually evaluated for a specific reserve are included in the calculation of the allowance for credit losses through the loan segment loss analysis. Consumer loans secured by residential real estate properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings are in process totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Purchased Credit Deteriorated Loans 

CECL Day 1 PCD ACL Par value of acquired loans at acquisition 
 81 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

loan segments with similar risk characteristics. Common characteristics include the type or purpose of the loan, underlying collateral and historical/expected credit loss patterns. In developing the loan segments, the Corporation analyzed the degree of correlation in how loans within each portfolio respond when subjected to varying economic conditions and scenarios as well as other portfolio stress factors. 
 
 The expected credit losses are measured over the life of each loan segment utilizing the Probability of Default / Loss Given Default methodology combined with economic forecast models to estimate the current expected credit loss inherent in the loan portfolio. This approach is also leveraged to estimate the expected credit losses associated with unfunded loan commitments incorporating expected utilization rates. 
 
 The Corporation sub-segmented certain commercial portfolios by risk level and certain consumer portfolios by delinquency status where appropriate. The Corporation utilized a four-quarter reasonable and supportable economic forecast period followed by a six-quarter, straight-line reversion period to the historical macroeconomic mean for the remaining life of the loans. Econometric modeling was performed using historical default rates and a selection of economic forecast scenarios published by Moody s to develop a range of estimated credit losses for which to determine the best credit loss estimate within. Macroeconomic factors utilized in the modeling process include the national unemployment rate, BBB US corporate index, CRE price index and the home price index. 
 
 The Corporation qualitatively adjusts model results for risk factors that are not inherently considered in the quantitative modeling process, but are nonetheless relevant in assessing the expected credit losses within the loan portfolio. These adjustments may increase or decrease the estimate of expected credit losses based upon the assessed level of risk for each qualitative factor. The various risks that may be considered in making qualitative adjustments include, among other things, the impact of (i) changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, (ii) changes in the existence, growth and effect of any concentrations in credit, (iii) changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in underwriting standards and practices for collections, write-offs, and recoveries, (iv) changes in the quality of the credit review function, (v) changes in the experience, ability and depth of lending management and staff, and (vi) other environmental factors of a borrower such as regulatory, legal and technological considerations, as well as competition. 
 
 In some cases, management may determine that an individual loan exhibits unique risk characteristics which differentiate the loan from other loans within the loan segments. In such cases, the loans are evaluated for expected credit losses on an individual basis and excluded from the collective evaluation. Specific reserve allocations of the allowance for credit losses are determined by analyzing the borrower s ability to repay amounts owed, collateral deficiencies, the relative risk grade of the loan and economic conditions affecting the borrower s industry, among other things. A loan is considered to be collateral dependent when, based upon management's assessment, the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral. In such cases, expected credit losses are based on the fair value of the collateral at the measurement date, adjusted for estimated selling costs if satisfaction of the loan depends on the sale of the collateral. The fair value of collateral supporting collateral dependent loans is evaluated on a quarterly basis. 
 
 No allowance for credit losses has been recognized for PPP loans as such loans are fully guaranteed by the Small Business Administration ("SBA"). 

82 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The allowance increased primarily due to million of allowance for credit losses on PCD loans acquired in the Level One acquisition established through accounting adjustments on the acquisition date. In addition, a provision of million was recorded to establish an allowance for credit losses on non-PCD loans acquired in the Level One acquisition. The allowance also had net charge offs of million for the twelve months ended December, 31 2022. 
 Provision for credit losses ) ) CECL Day 1 non-PCD provision for credit losses CECL Day 1 PCD ACL Recoveries on loans Loans charged off ) ) ) ) Balances. December 31, 2022 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 Commercial Commercial Real Estate Construction Consumer Residential Consumer Residential Total Allowance for credit losses Balances, December 31, 2020 Credit risk reclassifications ) ) ) Balances, December 31, 2020 after reclassifications Impact of adopting ASC 326 Balances, January 1, 2021 Post-ASC 326 adoption Provision for credit losses ) Recoveries on loans Loans charged off ) ) ) ) ) Balances. December 31, 2021 
 83 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

Provision for losses Recoveries on loans Loans charged off ) ) ) ) ) Balances, December 31, 2020 

The following table summarizes the average recorded investment and interest income recognized by loan class for the period indicated: 
 
 Real estate Loans: Commercial real estate, non-owner occupied Commercial real estate, owner occupied Residential Individuals' loans for household and other personal expenditures Total Impaired loans with related allowance: Commercial and industrial loans Agricultural land, production and other loans to farmers Real estate Loans: Commercial real estate, non-owner occupied Commercial real estate, owner occupied Residential Home equity Total Total Impaired Loans 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, Commitments And Contingencies 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Corporation has entered into off-balance sheet financial instruments which include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Commitments to extend credit are usually the result of lines of credit granted to existing borrowers under agreements that the total outstanding indebtedness will not exceed a specific amount during the term of the indebtedness. Typical borrowers are commercial concerns that use lines of credit to supplement their treasury management functions, and thus their total outstanding indebtedness may fluctuate during any time period based on the seasonality of their business and the resultant timing for their cash flows. Other typical lines of credit are related to home equity loans granted to customers. Commitments to extend credit generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses that may require a fee. 
 
 Standby letters of credit are generally issued on behalf of an applicant (the Corporation s customer) to a specifically named beneficiary and are the result of a particular business arrangement that exists between the applicant and the beneficiary. Standby letters of credit have fixed expiration dates and are usually for terms of or less unless terminated beforehand due to criteria specified in the standby letter of credit. The standby letter of credit would permit the beneficiary to obtain payment from the Corporation under certain prescribed circumstances. Subsequently, the Corporation would seek reimbursement from the applicant pursuant to the terms of the standby letter of credit. 
 
 The Corporation typically follows the same credit policies and underwriting practices when making these commitments as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. Each customer s creditworthiness is typically evaluated on a case-by-case basis, and the amount of collateral obtained, if any, is based on management s credit evaluation of the customer. Collateral held varies but may include cash, real estate, marketable securities, accounts receivable, inventory, equipment and personal property. 
 84 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

Standby letters of credit 

The adoption of the CECL methodology for measuring credit losses on January 1, 2021, as discussed more fully in the Allowance for Credit Loss on Loans section of this Note, and in NOTE 1. NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, increased the opening balance of our accrual for off-balance sheet commitments at adoption by million. The Level One acquisition was responsible for an additional million of provision for credit losses associated with off-balance sheet commitments, resulting in a total allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet commitments of million. This reserve level remains appropriate and is reported in Other Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 CECL Day 1 unfunded commitments provision for credit losses Balance, December 31 

NOTE 6 
 
 Buildings and Leasehold Improvements Equipment Total Cost Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization ) ) Net 

The Level One acquisition on April 1, 2022 resulted in additions to premises and equipment of million. Details regarding the acquisition are discussed in NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The Corporation is committed under various non-cancelable lease contracts for certain subsidiary office facilities and equipment. Details regarding the lease contracts are discussed in NOTE 9. LEASES of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 85 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

NOTE 7 
 
 million of goodwill. In addition, the Hoosier acquisition on April, 1, 2021 resulted in million of goodwill. Details regarding the Level One and Hoosier acquisitions are discussed in NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 As of October 1, 2022 and October 1, 2021, the Corporation performed its annual goodwill impairment testing and in each valuation, the fair value exceeded the Corporation's carrying value; therefore, it was concluded goodwill was not impaired as of either date. 
 
 For additional details related to impairment testing, see the "GOODWILL" section of Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included as Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Goodwill acquired Balance, December 31 

NOTE 8 
 
 million and other intangibles, consisting of non-compete intangibles, of million. In addition, the Hoosier acquisition on April 1, 2021 resulted in a customer relationship intangible of million. Details regarding the Level One and Hoosier acquisitions are discussed in NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Other intangibles acquired Accumulated amortization ) ) Total core deposit and other intangibles 

The core deposit intangibles and other intangibles are being amortized primarily on an accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives, generally over a period of two to . Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 
 86 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

NOTE 9 
 
 with various renewal options. The exercise of such lease renewal options is not included in the present value of lease obligations unless it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised. The Corporation has lease agreements which contain both lease and non-lease components such as common area maintenance charges, real estate taxes, and insurance. Non-lease components are not included in the measurement of the lease liability and are recognized in expense when incurred. The Corporation has elected not to recognize short-term leases, with original lease terms of twelve months or less, on the Corporation's balance sheet. Certain of the Corporation's lease agreements include rental payments adjusted periodically for inflation. The Corporation's lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 
 Total lease assets Operating lease liabilities Total lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term (years) Operating leases Weighted average discount rate Operating leases 

Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) Total lease cost 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and after Total lease payments Less: Present value discount Present value of lease liabilities 
 Other Information Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2020 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows from operating leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 87 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

NOTE 10 
 
 Savings deposits Certificates and other time deposits of 100,000 or more Other certificates and time deposits Brokered deposits Total deposits 

Deposits increased billion from December 31, 2021. The Level One acquisition contributed billion of deposits as of the acquisition date, resulting in an organic deposit decline of million, or percent. Details regarding the acquisition are discussed in NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The majority of the organic deposit decline was due to decreases in non-maturity deposits of million, which was offset by increases in maturity deposits of million when compared to December 31, 2021. Higher interest rates have resulted in customers migrating funds from non-maturity products into maturity time deposit products. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, deposits exceeding the FDIC's Standard Maximum Deposit Insurance Amount of 250,000 were billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 

NOTE 11 
 
 Securities sold under repurchase agreements Federal Home Loan Bank advances Subordinated debentures and other borrowings Total Borrowings 

The Level One acquisition contributed to the increase in borrowings due to the assumption of million of Federal Home Loan Bank advances and million of subordinated debentures. Additional details regarding the acquisition are discussed within NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS of the these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Securities sold under repurchase agreements consist of obligations of the Bank to other parties and are secured by U.S. Government-Sponsored Enterprise obligations. The maximum amount of outstanding agreements at any month-end during 2022 and 2021 totaled million and million, respectively, and the average of such agreements totaled million and million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

88 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

December 31, 2021 Remaining Contractual Maturity of the Agreements Overnight and Continuous Up to 30 Days 30-90 Days Greater Than 90 Days Total U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities 

2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 ASC 805 fair value adjustments at acquisition ) 

The terms of a security agreement with the FHLB require the Corporation to pledge, as collateral for advances, qualifying first mortgage loans, investment securities and multi-family loans in an amount equal to at least percent of these advances depending on the type of collateral pledged. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding FHLB advances had interest rates from to percent and are subject to restrictions or penalties in the event of prepayment. The total available remaining borrowing capacity from the FHLB at December 31, 2022, was million. As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation had million of putable advances with the FHLB. 
 
 Subordinated Debentures and Term Loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, subordinated debentures and term loans totaled million and million, respectively. 
 
 First Merchants Capital Trust II ("FMC Trust II"). At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Corporation had million of subordinated debentures issued to FMC Trust II, a wholly-owned statutory business trust. FMC Trust II was formed in July 2007 for purposes of issuing trust preferred securities to investors. At that time, it simultaneously issued and sold its common securities to the Corporation, which constituted all of the issued and outstanding common securities of FMC Trust II. The subordinated debentures, which were purchased with the proceeds of the sale of the trust s capital securities, are the sole assets of FMC Trust II and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Corporation. The subordinated debentures and the trust preferred securities bear interest at a variable rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus percent, with interest and dividend payments being made on a quarterly basis. The interest rate at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was percent and percent, respectively. The trust preferred securities are currently redeemable at par and without penalty, subject to the Corporation having first redeemed the related subordinated debentures, with the prior approval of the Federal Reserve if then required under applicable capital guidelines or policies. The trust preferred securities and the subordinated debentures of FMC Trust II will mature on September 15, 2037. The Corporation continues to hold all outstanding common securities of FMC Trust II. See Replacement of LIBOR Benchmark below for information relating to changes impacting the interest and dividends payable upon the trust preferred securities and subordinated debentures after June 30, 2023. 
 
 Ameriana Capital Trust I. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Corporation had million of subordinated debentures issued to Ameriana Capital Trust I. On December 31, 2015, the Corporation acquired Ameriana Capital Trust I in conjunction with its acquisition of Ameriana Bancorp, Inc. With a trust preferred structure substantially similar to that described above for FMC Trust II, the subordinated debentures held by Ameriana Capital Trust I were purchased with the proceeds of the sale of the trust s capital securities. The subordinated debentures and the trust preferred securities bear interest at a variable rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus percent, with interest and dividend payments being made on a quarterly basis. The interest rate at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was percent and percent, respectively. The trust preferred securities of Ameriana Capital Trust I are currently redeemable at par and without penalty, subject to the Corporation having first redeemed the related subordinated debentures, with the prior approval of the Federal Reserve if then required under applicable capital guidelines or policies. The trust preferred securities and the subordinated debentures of Ameriana Capital Trust I will mature in March 2036. The Corporation continues to hold all of the outstanding common securities of Ameriana Capital Trust I. See Replacement of LIBOR Benchmark below for information relating to changes impacting the interest and dividends payable upon the trust preferred securities and subordinated debentures after June 30, 2023. 
 89 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

institutional investors of an aggregate of million of debt comprised of (a) percent Fixed-to-Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2028 in the aggregate principal amount of million (the "Senior Debt") and (b) percent Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2028 in the aggregate principal amount of million (the "Subordinated Debt"). The interest rate on the Senior Debt and Subordinated Debt remains fixed for the first ten ) years and will become floating thereafter. Once the rates convert to floating on October 30, 2023, the Senior Debt will have an annual floating rate equal to the three-month forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate, as administered by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited CME Term SOFR ), adjusted by the relevant spread adjustment (which is percent for a three-month tenor), plus percent. The Subordinated Debt will have an annual floating rate equal to the three-month CME Term SOFR, plus the percent spread adjustment, plus percent. See Replacement of LIBOR Benchmark below for additional information relating to the transition from LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate. The Corporation has an option to redeem the Subordinated Debt in whole or in part at a redemption price equal to percent of the principal amount of the redeemed Subordinated Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of the redemption. The option of redemption is subject to the approval of the Federal Reserve Board. The Corporation has an option to redeem the Senior Debt in whole or in part at a redemption price equal to percent of the principal amount of the redeemed Senior Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of the redemption; provided, however, that no Subordinated Notes (as defined in the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement) may remain outstanding subsequent to any early redemption of Senior Notes. The Subordinated Debt and the Senior Debt options to redeem begin with the interest payment date on October 30, 2023, or on any scheduled interest payment date thereafter. The Senior Debt agreement contains certain customary representations and warranties and financial and negative covenants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Corporation was in compliance with these covenants. 
 
 Level One Subordinated Notes. On April 1, 2022, the Corporation assumed certain subordinated notes in conjunction with its acquisition of Level One. The million of subordinated notes issued on December 18, 2019 bear a fixed interest rate of percent per annum, payable semiannually through December 18, 2024. The notes will bear a floating interest rate equal to the of three-month CME Term SOFR plus percent, payable quarterly, after December 18, 2024 through maturity. The notes mature on December 18, 2029, and the Corporation has the option to redeem any or all of the subordinated notes without premium or penalty any time after December 18, 2024 or upon the occurrence of a Tier 2 capital event or tax event. 
 
 Other Borrowings. On April 1, 2022, the Corporation acquired a secured borrowing in conjunction with its acquisition of Level One. The secured borrowing related to a certain loan participation sold by Level One that did not qualify for sales treatment. The secured borrowing bears a fixed rate of percent and had a balance of million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Replacement of LIBOR Benchmark 
 
 On March 15, 2022, the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the LIBOR Act was signed into law in response to the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, the authority regulating LIBOR, announcing that, among other things, the 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings would cease to exist after June 30, 2023. The LIBOR Act establishes a uniform national approach for replacing LIBOR in legacy contracts that do not provide for the use of a clearly defined replacement benchmark rate. As directed by the LIBOR Act, on December 16, 2022, the Federal Reserve issued a final rule setting forth regulations to implement the LIBOR Act, including establishing benchmark replacements based on the Secured Overnight Funding Rate SOFR for contracts governed by U.S. law that reference certain tenors of U.S. dollar LIBOR (the overnight and one-, three-, six-, and 12-month tenors) and that do not have terms that provide for the use of a clearly defined and practicable replacement benchmark rate fallback provisions following the first London banking day after June 30, 2023. 
 
 As the subordinated debentures, the trust preferred securities, the Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes discussed above do not have LIBOR fallback provisions, after June 30, 2023, the interest and dividends paid on those instruments will be based upon the CME Term SOFR, as the replacement benchmark, including a static spread adjustment for the appropriate tenor as provided by the LIBOR Act and related Federal Reserve regulations. The relevant spread adjustment for a three-month tenor is percent. 

NOTE 12 

90 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

interest rate swap with a notional amount of million that was designated as a cash flow hedge. As of December 31, 2021, the Corporation had interest rate swaps with a notional amount of million that were designated as cash flow hedges. A million interest rate swap, which was used to hedge the variable cash outflows (Ameribor-based) associated with a brokered deposit, matured in the first quarter of 2022. interest rate swaps totaling million, which were used to hedge the variable cash outflows (LIBOR-based) associated with existing trust preferred securities when the outflows converted from a fixed rate to variable rate in September 2012, matured in the third quarter of 2022. 
 
 The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. During 2022, million of interest rate swaps were used to hedge the variable cash outflows (LIBOR-based) associated with Federal Home Loan Bank advance. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Corporation did not recognize any ineffectiveness. 
 
 Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Corporation's variable-rate liabilities. During the next twelve months, the Corporation expects to reclassify from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to interest income. 
 
 Other Assets Other Liabilities Other Liabilities 
 
 ) ) 
 
 Non-designated Hedges 
 
 The Corporation does not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. Derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and result from a service the Corporation provides to certain customers. The Corporation executes interest rate swaps with commercial banking customers to facilitate their respective risk management strategies. Those interest rate swaps are simultaneously hedged by offsetting interest rate swaps that the Corporation executes with a third party, such that the Corporation minimizes its net risk exposure resulting from such transactions. As the interest rate swaps associated with this program do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements, changes in the fair value of both the customer swaps and the offsetting swaps are recognized directly in earnings. The notional amount of customer-facing swaps was approximately billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. This amount is offset with third party counterparties, as described above. 

91 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

Forward contracts related to mortgage loans to be delivered for sale Interest rate lock commitments Included in other assets Included in other liabilities: Interest rate swaps Forward contracts related to mortgage loans to be delivered for sale Interest rate lock commitments Included in other liabilities 

In the normal course of business, the Corporation may decide to settle a forward contract rather than fulfill the contract. Cash received or paid in this settlement manner is included in "Net gains and fees on sales of loans" in the Consolidated Statements of Income and is considered a cost of executing a forward contract. 
 
 Interest rate lock commitments Net gains and fees on sales of loans Total net gain recognized in income 
 
 The Corporation s exposure to credit risk occurs because of nonperformance by its counterparties. The counterparties approved by the Corporation are usually financial institutions, which are well capitalized and have credit ratings through Moody s and/or Standard Poor s at or above investment grade. The Corporation s control of such risk is through quarterly financial reviews, comparing mark-to-market values with policy limitations, credit ratings and collateral pledging. 
 
 Credit-risk-related Contingent Features 
 
 The Corporation has agreements with certain of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision where if the Corporation fails to maintain its status as a well or adequately capitalized institution, then the Corporation could be required to terminate or fully collateralize all outstanding derivative contracts. Additionally, the Corporation has agreements with certain of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision where if the Corporation defaults on any of its indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then the Corporation could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations. As of December 31, 2022, the termination value of derivatives in a net liability position related to these agreements was , which resulted in collateral pledged to counterparties as of December 31, 2022. While the Corporation did not breach any of these provisions as of December 31, 2022, if it had, the Corporation could have been required to settle its obligations under the agreements at their termination value. 

NOTE 13 

92 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

93 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

U.S. Treasury State and municipal U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities Corporate obligations Derivative assets Derivative liabilities 
 
 Fair Value Measurements Using: Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets Significant Other Observable Inputs Significant Unobservable Inputs December 31, 2021 Fair Value (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Available for sale securities: U.S. Government-sponsored agency securities U.S. Treasury State and municipal U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities Corporate obligations Interest rate swap asset Interest rate swap liability 

LEVEL 3 RECONCILIATION 
 
 Included in other comprehensive income ) Purchases, issuances, and settlements Principal payments ) ) Ending balance 

There were no gains or losses included in earnings that were attributable to the changes in unrealized gains or losses related to assets or liabilities held at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 TRANSFERS BETWEEN LEVELS 
 
 There were no transfers in or out of Level 3 during 2022 or 2021. 

94 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

Fair Value Measurements Using Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets Significant Other Observable Inputs Significant Unobservable Inputs December 31, 2021 Fair Value (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Collateral dependent loans Other real estate owned 

Collateral Dependent Loans and Other Real Estate Owned 
 
 Determining fair value for collateral dependent loans and other real estate requires obtaining a current independent appraisal of the collateral and applying a discount factor, which includes selling costs if applicable, to the value. The fair value of real estate is generally based on appraisals by qualified licensed appraisers. The appraisers typically determine the value of the real estate by utilizing an income or market valuation approach. If an appraisal is not available, the fair value may be determined by using a cash flow analysis. Fair value on other collateral such as business assets is typically ascertained by assessing, either singularly or some combination of, asset appraisals, accounts receivable aging reports, inventory listings and or customer financial statements. Both appraised values and values based on borrower s financial information are discounted as considered appropriate based on age and quality of the information and current market conditions. 
 
 UNOBSERVABLE (LEVEL 3) INPUTS 
 
 Discounted cash flow Maturity Call Date US Muni BQ curve Discount rate Weighted-average coupon month to years 
 to 
 - 
 
 Corporate obligations and U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage backed securities Discounted cash flow Risk free rate plus Premium for illiquidity Weighted-average coupon 
 plus 00bps 
 
 Collateral dependent loans Collateral based measurements Discount to reflect current market conditions and ultimate collectability Weighted-average discount by loan balance - 
 
 December 31, 2021 Fair Value Valuation Technique Unobservable Inputs Range (Weighted-Average) State and municipal securities Discounted cash flow Maturity Call Date US Muni BQ curve Discount rate Weighted-average coupon month to years 
 to 
 - 

Corporate obligations and U.S. Government-sponsored mortgage backed securities Discounted cash flow Risk free rate plus Premium for illiquidity Weighted-average coupon 
 plus 00bps 
 
 Collateral dependent loans Collateral based measurements Discount to reflect current market conditions and ultimate collectability Weighted-average discount by loan balance - 
 Other real estate owned Appraisals Discount to reflect current market conditions Weighted-average discount of other real estate owned balance - 
 
 95 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

Interest-bearing deposits Investment securities available for sale Investment securities held to maturity Loans held for sale Loans Federal Home Loan Bank stock Derivative assets Interest receivable Liabilities at December 31: Deposits Borrowings: Federal funds purchased Securities sold under repurchase agreements Federal Home Loan Bank advances Subordinated debentures and other borrowings Derivative liabilities Interest payable 

2021 Carrying Amount Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Assets at December 31: Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits Investment securities available for sale Investment securities held to maturity Loans held for sale Loans Federal Home Loan Bank stock Interest rate swap asset Interest receivable Liabilities at December 31: Deposits Borrowings: Securities sold under repurchase agreements Federal Home Loan Bank advances Subordinated debentures and other borrowings Interest rate swap liability Interest payable 
 96 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

NOTE 14 
 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) Period change ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) Period change ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) 

Other income - net realized gains on sales of available for sale securities Related income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) Income tax expense Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges (2) 
 Interest rate contracts ) ) ) Interest expense - subordinated debentures and other borrowings Related income tax benefit (expense) Income tax expense ) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on defined benefit plans Amortization of net loss and prior service costs ) ) ) Other expenses - salaries and employee benefits Related income tax benefit (expense) Income tax expense ) ) ) Total reclassifications for the period, net of tax 

(1) For additional detail related to unrealized gains (losses) on available for sale securities and related amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income see NOTE 4. INVESTMENT SECURITIES of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 (2) For additional detail related to unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges and related amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income see NOTE 12. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 97 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

NOTE 15 
 
 98 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

N/A N/A First Merchants Bank Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets First Merchants Corporation N/A N/A First Merchants Bank Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets First Merchants Corporation N/A N/A First Merchants Bank Tier 1 capital to average assets First Merchants Corporation N/A N/A First Merchants Bank Prompt Corrective Action Thresholds Actual Basel III Minimum Capital Required Well Capitalized December 31, 2021 Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Total risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets First Merchants Corporation N/A N/A First Merchants Bank Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets First Merchants Corporation N/A N/A First Merchants Bank Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets First Merchants Corporation N/A N/A First Merchants Bank Tier 1 capital to average assets First Merchants Corporation N/A N/A First Merchants Bank 

A reconciliation of certain non-GAAP amounts used in the determination of the above regulatory measures is detailed within the Capital section of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included as Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 On April 9, 2020, federal banking regulators issued an interim final rule to modify the Basel III regulatory capital rules applicable to banking 
 organizations to allow those organizations participating in the PPP to neutralize the regulatory capital effects of participating in the program. The 
 interim final rule, which became effective April 13, 2020, clarified that PPP loans receive a zero percent risk weight for purposes of determining 
 risk-weighted assets and the CET1, tier 1 and total risk-based capital ratios. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, risk-weighted assets included million and million, respectively, of PPP loans at a risk weight. 
 
 Management believes that all of the above capital ratios are meaningful measurements for evaluating the safety and soundness of the 
 Corporation. Traditionally, the banking regulators have assessed bank and bank holding company capital adequacy based on both the amount 
 and the composition of capital, the calculation of which is prescribed in federal banking regulations. The Federal Reserve focuses its assessment 
 of capital adequacy on a component of tier 1 capital known as CET1. Because the Federal Reserve has long indicated that voting common 
 shareholders' equity (essentially tier 1 risk-based capital less preferred stock and non-controlling interest in subsidiaries) generally should be the 
 dominant element in tier 1 risk-based capital, this focus on CET1 is consistent with existing capital adequacy categories. Tier I regulatory capital 
 consists primarily of total stockholders equity and subordinated debentures issued to business trusts categorized as qualifying borrowings, less 
 non-qualifying intangible assets and unrealized net securities gains or losses. 

99 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

million. 
 
 Additionally, the Corporation has a Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan, enabling stockholders to elect to have their cash dividends on all shares automatically reinvested in additional shares of the Corporation s common stock. In addition, stockholders may elect to make optional cash payments up to an aggregate of per quarter for the purchase of additional shares of common stock. The stock is credited to participant accounts at fair market value. Dividends are reinvested on a quarterly basis. 
 
 Stockholders' Equity 
 The Corporation adopted the current expected credit losses ("CECL") model for calculating the allowance for credit losses on January 1, 2021. 
 CECL replaces the previous "incurred loss" model for measuring credit losses, which encompassed allowances for current known and inherent 
 losses within the portfolio, with an "expected loss" model for measuring credit losses, which encompasses allowances for losses expected to be 
 incurred over the life of the portfolio. As of the adoption and day one measurement date of January 1, 2021, the Corporation recorded a one-time 
 cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings, net of income taxes, of million. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 As part of the Level One acquisition, the Corporation issued shares of a newly created percent non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock with a liquidation preference of per share, in exchange for the outstanding Level One Series B preferred stock, and as part of that exchange, each outstanding Level One depositary share representing a 1/100th interest in a share of the Level One preferred stock was converted into a depositary share of the Corporation representing a 1/100th interest in a share of its newly issued preferred stock. As a result of the issuance, the Corporation had million of outstanding preferred stock at December 31, 2022. During the period ended December 31, 2022, the Corporation declared and paid dividends of per share (equivalent to per depositary share) equal to million. The Series A preferred stock qualifies as Tier 1 capital for purposes of the regulatory capital calculations. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 On January 27, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Corporation approved a stock repurchase program of up to shares of the Corporation's outstanding common stock; provided, however, that the total aggregate investment in shares repurchased under the program may not exceed . On a share basis, the amount of common stock subject to the repurchase program represents approximately percent of the Corporation's outstanding shares at the time the program became effective. During 2022, the Corporation did not repurchase any shares of its common stock pursuant to the repurchase program. As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation had approximately million shares at a maximum aggregate value of million available to repurchase under the program. 
 
 In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA was enacted. Among other things, the IRA imposes a new 1 percent excise tax on the fair market value of stock repurchased after December 31, 2022 by publicly traded U.S. corporations (like the Corporation). With certain exceptions, the value of stock repurchased is determined net of stock issued in the year, including shares issued pursuant to compensatory arrangements. 

NOTE 16 

Fannie Mae Equity Bank Federal Home Loan Bank Chevy Chase Mortgage Company Total 
 
 100 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

NOTE 17 
 
 life, become percent vested based on time ranging from to and are fully exercisable when vested. Option exercise prices equal the Corporation's common stock closing price on Nasdaq on the date of grant. The RSAs issued to employees and non-employee directors provide for the issuance of shares of the Corporation's common stock at no cost to the holder and generally vest after . The RSAs vest only if the employee is actively employed by the Corporation on the vesting date and, therefore, any unvested shares are forfeited. For non-employee directors, the RSAs vest only if the non-employee director remains as an active board member on the vesting date and, therefore, any unvested shares are forfeited. The RSAs for employees and non-employee directors are either immediately vested at retirement, disability or death, or, continue to vest after retirement, disability or death, depending on the plan under which the shares were granted. 
 
 The Corporation s 2019 ESPP provides eligible employees of the Corporation and its subsidiaries an opportunity to purchase shares of common stock of the Corporation through quarterly offerings financed by payroll deductions. The price of the stock to be paid by the employees shall be equal to percent of the average of the closing price of the Corporation s common stock on each trading day during the offering period. However, in no event shall such purchase price be less than the lesser of an amount equal to percent of the market price of the Corporation s stock on the offering date or an amount equal to percent of the market value on the date of purchase. Common stock purchases are made quarterly and are paid through advance payroll deductions up to a calendar year maximum of 25,000. 
 
 Compensation expense related to unvested share-based awards is recorded by recognizing the unamortized grant date fair value of these awards over the remaining service periods of those awards, with no change in historical reported fair values and earnings. Awards are valued at fair value in accordance with provisions of share-based compensation guidance and are recognized on a straight-line basis over the service periods of each award. To complete the exercise of vested stock options, RSAs and ESPP options, the Corporation generally issues new shares from its authorized but unissued share pool. Share-based compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively, and has been recognized as a component of salaries and benefits expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Share-based compensation expense recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income is based on awards ultimately expected to vest and is reduced for estimated forfeitures. Share-based compensation guidance requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods, if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Pre-vesting forfeitures were estimated to be approximately percent for the year ended December 31, 2022, based on historical experience. 
 
 . In 2021 and 2020, the Corporation had RSAs vest primarily at a stock price that was lower than the grant date stock price, which resulted in the recognition of income tax expense at vesting of and , respectively. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Stock and ESPP Options Pre-tax compensation expense Income tax benefit ) ) ) Stock and ESPP option expense, net of income taxes Restricted Stock Awards Pre-tax compensation expense Income tax benefit ) ) ) Restricted stock awards expense, net of income taxes Total Share-Based Compensation: Pre-tax compensation expense Income tax benefit ) ) ) Total share-based compensation expense, net of income taxes 
 
 The grant date fair value of ESPP options was estimated to be approximately at the beginning of the October 1, 2022 quarterly offering period. The ESPP options vested during the three months ending December 31, 2022, leaving unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested ESPP options at December 31, 2022. 

101 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

Transferred Options from Level One Exercised ) Outstanding December 31, 2022 Vested and Expected to Vest at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value (the difference between the Corporation's closing stock price on the last trading day of 2022 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their stock options on December 31, 2022. The amount of aggregate intrinsic value will change based on the fair market value of the Corporation's common stock. 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Cash receipts of stock options exercised during 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 
 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Unvested RSAs at December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation expense related to RSAs was million and is expected to be recognized over weighted-average period of years. The Corporation did t have any unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options as of December 31, 2022. 

NOTE 18 
 
 percent of the Corporation s employees. In 2005, the Board of Directors of the Corporation approved the curtailment of the accumulation of defined benefits for future services provided by certain participants in the First Merchants Corporation Retirement Plan. No additional pension benefits have been earned by any employees who had not attained both the age of and accrued at least years of vesting service as of March 1, 2005. The benefits are based primarily on years of service and employees pay near retirement. Contributions are intended to provide not only for benefits attributed to service-to-date, but also for those expected to be earned in the future. 

102 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Change in Plan Assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) End of year Funded status at end of year Assets and Liabilities Recognized in the Balance Sheets: Deferred tax asset Assets Liabilities 

As of December 31, 2022, the funded status of the plans increased million and the accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, decreased from December 31, 2021. A primary contributing factor to these changes was the discount rate increasing by basis points from percent to percent, which decreased the liability by million. This was offset by a increase in the liability due to incorporation of new census data. The plans' assets experienced a loss of million, as compared to an expected return of million. 
 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit plans was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 

The Corporation recognized expense under these non-qualified plans of , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 ) ) ) Net periodic pension benefit cost ) ) ) 

103 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 ) ) Net gain (loss) ) ) Amortization of net loss Amortization of prior service cost Total recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic pension benefit cost and other comprehensive income (loss) ) 

Rate of compensation increase for accruing active participants n/a n/a n/a Weighted-average Assumptions Used to Determine Cost: Discount rate Expected return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase for accruing active participants n/a n/a n/a 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Corporation based its estimate of the expected long-term rate of return on analysis of the historical returns of the plans and current market information available. The plans investment strategies are to provide for preservation of capital with an emphasis on long-term growth without undue exposure to risk. The assets of the plans are invested in accordance with the plans Investment Policy Statement, subject to strict compliance with ERISA and any other applicable statutes. 
 
 The plans risk management practices include semi-annual evaluations of investment managers, including reviews of compliance with investment manager guidelines and restrictions; ability to exceed performance objectives; adherence to the investment philosophy and style; and ability to exceed the performance of other investment managers. The evaluations are reviewed by management with appropriate follow-up and actions taken, as deemed necessary. The Investment Policy Statement generally allows investments in cash and cash equivalents, real estate, fixed income debt securities and equity securities, and specifically prohibits investments in derivatives, options, futures, private placements, short selling, non-marketable securities and purchases of individual non-investment grade bonds. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the maturities of the plans debt securities ranged from days to years, with a weighted average maturity of years. At December 31, 2021, the maturities of the plans debt securities ranged from days to years, with a weighted average maturity of years. 
 
 , but the Corporation may decide to make a discretionary contribution during the year. 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 

Equity securities Debt securities Alternative investments 

The Savings Plan, a Section 401(k) qualified defined contribution plan, was amended on March 1, 2005 to provide enhanced retirement benefits, including employer and matching contributions, for eligible employees of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. The Corporation matches employees contributions at the rate of percent for the first percent of base salary contributed by participants and percent of the next percent of base salary contributed by participants. 
 104 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

hours of service and are an active employee on the last day of the year receive an additional retirement contribution after year-end. Employees hired after January 1, 2010 do not participate in the additional retirement contribution. Effective January 1, 2013, the additional retirement contribution was fixed at percent. Full vesting occurs after of service. The Corporation s expense for the Savings Plan, including the additional retirement contribution, was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The Corporation also maintains a post retirement benefit plan that provides health insurance benefits for a closed group of participants that came to the Corporation through the 2019 MBT acquisition. To be eligible for the post retirement plan, the participants must (1) have been hired by MBT prior to January 1, 2007, (2) be a full-time employee of the Corporation and employed by MBT prior to the acquisition, and (3) be at least years of age with years of full-time service with MBT. The plan allowed retirees to be carried under the Corporation s health insurance plan, generally from ages to . The retirees' premiums are determined based on their retiree class (per historical MBT guidelines) and also determined by the plan type for which the retiree is enrolled. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the obligation payable under the post retirement plan was million and million, respectively. Post retirement plan expense totaled , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Pension Plan Assets 
 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and include cash and cash equivalents, common stocks, mutual funds and corporate bonds and notes. If quoted market prices are not available, then fair values are estimated by using pricing models, quoted prices of plan assets with similar characteristics or discounted cash flows. Level 2 plan assets total million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and include governmental agencies, taxable municipal bonds and notes, and certificates of deposit. In certain cases where Level 1 or Level 2 inputs are not available, plan assets are classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy. There are no assets classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Fair Value Measurements Using Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets Significant Other Observable Inputs Significant Unobservable Inputs December 31, 2022 Fair Value (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Cash Cash Equivalents Corporate Bonds and Notes Government Agency and Municipal Bonds and Notes Certificates of Deposit Party-in-Interest Investments Common Stock Mutual Funds Taxable Bond Large Cap Equity Mid Cap Equity Small Cap Equity International Equity Specialty Alternative Equity 

Fair Value Measurements Using Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets Significant Other Observable Inputs Significant Unobservable Inputs December 31, 2021 Fair Value (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Cash Cash Equivalents Corporate Bonds and Notes Government Agency and Municipal Bonds and Notes Certificates of Deposit Party-in-Interest Investments Common Stock Mutual Funds Taxable Bond Large Cap Equity Mid Cap Equity Small Cap Equity International Equity Specialty Alternative Equity 
 105 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

NOTE 19 
 
 Tax-exempt Interest Income ) ) ) Stock Compensation ) ) Earnings on Life Insurance ) ) ) Tax Credits ) ) ) CARES Act - NOL carryback rate differential ) State Tax Other ) Income Tax Expense Effective Tax Rate 

State Deferred: Federal ) State ) Income Tax Expense 

Differences in Accounting for Loan Fees Deferred Compensation Federal State Income Tax Loss Carryforward and Credits Net Unrealized Loss on Securities Available for Sale Other Total Assets Liabilities: Differences in Depreciation Methods Differences in Accounting for Loans and Securities Difference in Accounting for Pensions and Other Employee Benefits State Income Tax Net Unrealized Gain on Securities Available for Sale Gain on FDIC Modified Whole Bank Transaction Other Total Liabilities Net Deferred Tax Asset 

106 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

million of state NOL carryforwards available to offset future state taxable income, which will expire beginning in 2024. These NOL carryforwards along with normal timing differences between book and tax result in total state deferred tax assets of million. Management believes it is more likely than not that the benefit of these state NOL carryforwards and other state deferred tax assets will be fully realized. 
 
 The Corporation has additional paid-in capital that is considered restricted resulting from the acquisitions of CFS and Ameriana of approximately million and million, respectively. CFS and Ameriana qualified as banks under provisions of the Internal Revenue Code which permitted them to deduct from taxable income an allowance for bad debts which differed from the provision for losses charged to income, for which no deferred federal income tax liability has been recognized. If in the future this portion of additional paid-in capital is distributed, or the Corporation no longer qualifies as a bank for income tax purposes, federal income taxes may be imposed at the then applicable tax rate. The unrecorded deferred tax liability at December 31, 2022, would have been approximately million. 
 
 The Corporation or one of its subsidiaries files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. The Corporation is generally no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for tax years before 2019. 
 
 Additional details regarding the Corporation's policies related to income taxes are discussed in NOTE 1. NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

NOTE 20 
 
 Effect of potentially dilutive stock options and restricted stock awards Diluted net income per common share 

As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were stock options with an option price greater than the average market price of the common shares. 
 
 107 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

NOTE 21 
 
 Investment in subsidiaries Premises and equipment Interest receivable Goodwill Cash surrender value of life insurance Other assets Total assets Liabilities Subordinated debentures and other borrowings Interest payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

Other income ) ) ) Total income Expenses Interest expense Salaries and employee benefits Net occupancy and equipment expenses Professional and other outside services Other expenses Total expenses Income before income tax benefit and equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Income tax benefit Income before equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Net income Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common stockholders Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 108 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Share-based compensation Distributions in excess of (equity in undistributed) income of subsidiaries ) ) ) Other adjustments ) ) Investment in subsidiaries - operating activities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flow From Investing Activities: Net cash and cash equivalents paid in acquisition ) Net cash used by investing activities ) Cash Flow From Financing Activities: Cash dividends on common stock ) ) ) Cash dividends on preferred stock ) Repayment of borrowings ) Stock issued under employee benefit plans Stock issued under dividend reinvestment and stock purchase plan Stock options exercised Repurchases of common stock ) ) Net cash used by financing activities ) ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

NOTE 22 

109 

PART II: ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (table dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 
 In connection with its audits for the two most recent fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, there have been no disagreements with the Corporation s independent registered public accounting firm on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or audit scope or procedure, nor have there been any changes in accountants. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 At the end of the period covered by this report (the Evaluation Date ), the Corporation carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Corporation s management, including the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ). Based upon that evaluation, the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Corporation's reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 Management of First Merchants Corporation (the Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Corporation s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Corporation s management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. As part of its function of assisting the Corporation s Board of Directors in discharging its responsibility of ensuring financial reporting and regulatory risks to the organization are properly being managed, mitigated and monitored by Management, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors oversees management s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Accordingly, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission. As permitted by SEC guidance, management excluded from its assessment the operations of the Level One Bancorp, Inc. acquisition made during 2022, which is described in NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included as Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The assets of Level One Bancorp, Inc. represented approximately 13 percent of the Corporation's consolidated assets as of December 31, 2022. Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 is effective based on the specified criteria. 
 
 There have been no changes in the Corporation s internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation referenced above that occurred during the Corporation s last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 FORVIS, LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which appears as follows. 

110 

PART II: ITEM 9., ITEM 9A., ITEM 9B. AND ITEM 9C. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders, Board of Directors and Audit Committee 
 First Merchants Corporation 
 Muncie, Indiana 

Opinion on the Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited First Merchants Corporation s (the Corporation internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Corporation s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management Report of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 As described in management s report, the scope of management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has excluded Level One Bancorp, Inc. acquired on April 1, 2022. Level One Bancorp, Inc. represented nine percent of consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, and seven percent of consolidated total assets as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Definitions and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of reliable financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

FORVIS, LLP 
 (Formerly BKD, LLP) 

Indianapolis, Indiana 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 111 

PART II: ITEM 9., ITEM 9A., ITEM 9B. AND ITEM 9C. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable 
 112 

PART III: ITEM 10., ITEM 11., ITEM 12., ITEM 13. AND ITEM 14. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information required under this Item 10 relating to executive officers is set forth in Part I, Supplemental Information - Information about our Executive Officers of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The Corporation has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to its Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Controller and Corporate Treasurer. It is part of the Corporation s Code of Business Conduct, which applies to all employees and directors of the Corporation and its affiliates. A copy of the Code of Business Conduct may be obtained, free of charge, by writing to First Merchants Corporation at 200 East Jackson Street, Muncie, IN 47305. In addition, the Code of Ethics is maintained on the Corporation s website, which can be accessed at https://www.firstmerchants.com. 
 
 The Corporation will provide information that is responsive to the remainder of this Item 10 in its definitive proxy statement furnished to stockholders in connection with the 2023 annual meeting 2023 Proxy Statement or in an amendment to this Annual Report not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered hereby. That information is incorporated in this Item 10 by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The Corporation will provide information that is responsive to this Item 11 in its 2023 Proxy Statement or in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered hereby. That information is incorporated in this Item 11 by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 The following table provides information about the Corporation s common stock that may be issued under equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercised price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensations plans (excluding securities reflected in first column) Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 155,100 18.89 1,698,364 Total 155,100 18.89 1,698,364 

Security Ownership and Related Matters 
 
 The Corporation will provide additional information that is responsive to this Item 12 in its 2023 Proxy Statement or in an amendment to this Annual Report not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered hereby. That information is incorporated in this Item 12 by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The Corporation will provide information that is responsive to this Item 13 in its 2023 Proxy Statement or in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered hereby. That information is incorporated in this Item 13 by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID: . 
 
 The Corporation will provide information that is responsive to this Item 14 in its 2023 Proxy Statement or in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered hereby. That information is incorporated in this Item 14 by reference. 
 
 113 

PART IV: ITEM 15. AND ITEM 16. 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

(a) 1. The following financial statements are filed as part of this document under Item 8 hereof: 
 Independent accountants' report 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Income, years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity, years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

(a) 2. Financial statement schedules: 
 All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or not required, or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 
 
 (a) 3. Exhibits: 
 Exhibit No : 
 Description of Exhibits : 
 
 3.1 First Merchants Corporation Articles of Incorporation, as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of registrant s Form 8-K filed on March 24, 2022) (SEC No. 000-17071) 
 3.2 Bylaws of First Merchants Corporation effective as of June 22, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of registrant s Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2022) (SEC No. 001-41342) 
 4.1 First Merchants Corporation Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of First Merchants Capital Trust II dated as of July 2, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of registrant's Form 8-K filed on July 3, 2007) (SEC No. 000-17071) 
 4.2 Indenture dated as of July 2, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of registrant's Form 8-K filed on July 3, 2007) (SEC No. 000-17071) 
 4.3 Guarantee Agreement dated as of July 2, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of registrant's Form 8-K filed on July 3, 2007) (SEC No. 000-17071) 
 4.4 Form of Capital Securities Certification of First Merchants Capital Trust II (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of registrant's Form 8-K filed on July 3, 2007) (SEC No. 000-17071) 
 4.5 First Merchants Corporation Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (Incorporated by reference to registrant s Prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) on July 17, 2020) (SEC No. 333-229527) 
 4.6 Upon request, the registrant agrees to furnish supplementally to the Commission a copy of the instruments defining the rights of holders of its (a) 5.00 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2028 in the aggregate principal amount of 5 million and (b) 6.75 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2028 in aggregate principal amount of 65 million. 
 4.7 Description of the Registrant's Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (2) 
 4.8 Deposit Agreement by and among First Merchants Corporation, Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc., as depositary, and holders from time to time of the depositary receipts described therein, as amended on March 30, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of registrant s Form 8-A filed on March 30, 2022) (SEC No. 001-41342) 
 4.9 Form of Depositary Receipt (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of registrant s Form 8-A filed on March 30, 2022) (SEC No. 001-41342) 
 4.10 Indenture, dated as of December 18, 2019, between First Merchants Corporation (as successor to Level One Bancorp, Inc.) and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Level One Bancorp, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2019) (SEC No. 001-38458) 
 4.11 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 31, 2022, among First Merchants Corporation, Level One Bancorp, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (2) 
 4.12 Form of 4.75 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2029 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Level One Bancorp, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2019) (SEC No. 001-38458) 
 10.1 First Merchants Corporation Senior Management Incentive Compensation Program, dated February 7, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to the description in Item 5.02 of registrant's Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2023) (SEC No. 001-41342) (1) 
 10.2 First Merchants Corporation non-employee director compensation schedule adopted February 9, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of registrant s Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2021) (SEC No. 000-17071) (1) 
 10.3 First Merchants Corporation Non-Employee Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of January 1, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of registrant's Form 8-K filed on December 15, 2017) (SEC No. 000-17071) (1) 
 10.4 First Merchants Corporation 2009 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan, effective as amended January 1, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of registrant's Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2015) (SEC No. 000-17071) (1) 
 10.5 First Merchants Corporation Change of Control Agreement, as amended, with Mark K. Hardwick dated June 1, 2011 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of registrant s Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2011) (SEC No. 000-17071) (1) 
 10.6 First Merchants Corporation Change of Control Agreement, as amended, with Michael J. Stewart dated June 1, 2011 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 registrant s Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2011) (SEC No. 000-17071) (1) 
 10.7 First Merchants Corporation Change of Control Agreement, as amended, with John J. Martin dated June 1, 2011 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of registrant s Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2011) (SEC No. 000-17071) (1) 
 10.8 First Merchants Corporation Change of Control Agreement, effective February 11, 2014, with Stephan H. Fluhler (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of registrant's Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2014) (SEC No. 000-17071) (1) 
 
 114 

PART IV: ITEM 15. AND ITEM 16. 

 10.9 First Merchants Corporation Change of Control Agreement, effective November 4, 2021, with Michele M. Kawiecki (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of registrant's Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2021) (SEC No. 000-17071) (1 
 10.10 First Merchants Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan and amendments thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of registrant's Form 10-K filed on March 27, 1998) (SEC No. 000-17071) (1) 
 10.11 First Merchants Corporation Defined Contribution Supplemental Retirement Plan dated January 1, 2006 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of registrant's Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2007) (SEC No. 000-17071) (1) 
 10.12 First Merchants Corporation Participation Agreement of Michael C. Rechin dated January 26, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of registrant's Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2007) (SEC No. 000-17071) (1) 
 10.13 2011 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2011 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of registrant s Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2011) (SEC No. 000-17071) (1) 
 10.14 First Merchants Corporation 2019 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of registrant s Form 8-K filed May 15, 2019) (SEC No. 000-17071) (1) 
 10.15 First Merchants Corporation 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of registrant s Form 8-K filed May 15, 2019) (SEC No. 000-17071) (1) 
 10.16 First Merchants Corporation Equity Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of registrant s Form S-8 filed June 26, 2019) (SEC No. 333-232362) (1) 
 10.17 Consulting Agreement between Michael C. Rechin and First Merchants Corporation, effective January 1, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of registrant s Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2020) (SEC No. 000-17071) (1) 
 10.18 Amendment to Consulting Agreement between Michael C. Rechin and First Merchants Corporation, effective January 1, 2023 (1) (2) 
 10.19 Level One Bancorp, Inc. 2007 Stock Option Plan as amended and restated April 15, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Level One Bancorp, Inc. s registration statement on Form S-1 filed March 23, 2018) (SEC No. 333-223866) (1) 
 10.20 Amendment to the Level One Bancorp, Inc. 2007 Stock Option Plan, dated August 29, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of Level One Bancorp, Inc. s registration statement on Form S-1 filed March 23, 2018) (SEC No. 333-223866) (1) 
 21 Subsidiaries of registrant (2) 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (2) 
 24 Limited Power of Attorney (2) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 (2) 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 (2) 
 32 Certifications Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (3) 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document (2) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (2) 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (2) 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (2) 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (2) 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (2) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and included in Exhibit 101) (1) Management contract or compensatory plan (2) Filed herewith. (3) Furnished herewith. 
 
 115 

PART IV: ITEM 15. AND ITEM 16. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 Not applicable. 
 116 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on this 1st day of March, 2023. 
 
 FIRST MERCHANTS CORPORATION By: /s/ Mark K. Hardwick Mark K. Hardwick Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated, on this 1st day of March, 2023. 
 
 /s/ Mark K. Hardwick /s/ Michele M. Kawiecki Mark K. Hardwick Michele M. Kawiecki, Executive Vice President Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer) (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Michael R. Becher /s/ Kevin D. Johnson Michael R. Becher, Director Kevin D. Johnson, Director /s/ Susan W. Brooks /s/ Clark C. Kellogg Susan W. Brooks, Director Clark C. Kellogg, Director /s/ Patrick J. Fehring /s/ Gary J. Lehman Patrick J. Fehring, Director Gary J. Lehman, Director /s/ Michael J. Fisher /s/ Michael C. Rechin Michael J. Fisher, Director Michael C. Rechin, Director /s/ F. Howard Halderman /s/ Charles E. Schalliol F. Howard Halderman, Director Charles E. Schalliol, Director /s/ Mark K. Hardwick /s/ Jason R. Sondhi Mark K. Hardwick, Director Jason R. Sondhi, Director /s/ William L. Hoy /s/ Jean L. Wojtowicz William L. Hoy, Director Jean L. Wojtowicz, Director 
 
 By Michele M. Kawiecki as Attorney-in Fact pursuant to a Limited Power of Attorney executed by the directors listed above, which Power of Attorney is being filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit hereto. 
 /s/ Michele M. Kawiecki Michele M. Kawiecki As Attorney-in-Fact March 1, 2023 
 117 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 exhibit47-202210k.htm
 EX-4.7

Document 
 
 PART IV ITEM 15. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT-4.7 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 The common stock and depositary shares, each representing a 1 100th interest in a share of 7.50 Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A (each, a Depositary Share and, collectively, the Depositary Shares ), of First Merchants Corporation (the Corporation are registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The following description of the material terms of the Company s common stock and Depositary Shares is only a summary. This summary does not purport to be a complete description of the terms and conditions of the Company s common stock and Depositary Shares in all respects and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, each of which are filed or incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part, as well as any other documents referenced in this summary and from which this summary is derived. 
 
 General 
 
 The total number of shares of common stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is 100,000,000, all with no par value. The total number of shares of preferred stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is 500,000, all with no par value. The Corporation has created, out of the authorized and unissued shares of preferred stock, a series of the Corporation s preferred stock designated as the 7.50 Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A (the Series A Preferred Stock ). The Corporation s common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol FRME. The Depositary Shares are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol FRMEP. As such, the holders of the Corporation s common stock and the Depositary Shares are generally not restricted on sales of their shares. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Voting Rights . Each share of the Corporation s common stock is entitled to one vote. Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast by the shares entitled to vote in an election at a shareholder s meeting at which a quorum is present. Shareholders do not have a right to cumulate their votes for directors. The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present and voting at a meeting of shareholders, in person or by proxy, is required for approval of all items submitted to the shareholders for consideration other than (i) the election of directors, as described above, which is based on a plurality of votes cast, (ii) certain amendments to the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation, as described below under Articles of Incorporation and Bylaw Amendments, which require a greater percentage, and (iii) certain transactions involving one or more shareholders owning, directly or indirectly, not less than ten percent (10 of the Corporation s voting shares (see Anti-Takeover Provisions below) or a liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation or any of its material subsidiaries, which, in such cases, requires the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than three fourths (3 4) of the voting shares of the Corporation. 
 
 Dividend Rights . The holders of the Corporation s common stock are entitled to dividends and other distributions when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board ). 
 
 Generally, the Corporation may not pay a dividend if, after giving effect to the dividend 
 
 the Corporation would not be able to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business or 
 
 the Corporation s total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy preferential rights of shareholders payable upon dissolution. 
 
 The Corporation's principal source of funds for dividend payments to shareholders is dividends received from First Merchants Bank, the Corporation s wholly-owned bank subsidiary. Banking regulations limit the maximum amount of dividends that a bank may pay without requesting prior approval of regulatory agencies. Under these regulations, the amount of dividends that may be paid in any calendar year is limited to a bank s retained net income (as defined in the regulations) for the current year plus those for the previous two years, subject to the capital requirements described above. 
 
 First Merchants Bank will ordinarily be restricted to paying dividends in a lesser amount to the Corporation than is legally permissible because of the need for banks to maintain adequate capital consistent with the capital adequacy guidelines promulgated by the banks principal federal regulatory authorities. If a bank s capital levels are deemed inadequate by the regulatory authorities, payment of dividends to its parent holding company may be prohibited. First Merchants Bank is not currently subject to such a restriction. 
 
 Redemption . Under Indiana law, the Corporation may only redeem or acquire shares of its common stock with funds legally available therefor, and shares so acquired constitute authorized but unissued shares. The Corporation may not redeem or acquire its shares of common stock if, after such redemption, it would not be able to pay its debts as they become due. Additionally, the Corporation may not redeem its shares if its total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus preferential rights of shareholders payable upon dissolution. 
 
 Liquidation Rights . In the event of any liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation, its shareholders are entitled to receive pro rata, according to the number of shares held, any assets distributable to shareholders, subject to the payment of Corporation s liabilities and any rights of creditors and holders of shares of Corporation s preferred stock then outstanding. 
 
 Preemptive Rights . The Corporation s Articles of Incorporation do not provide for preemptive rights for shareholders to subscribe for any new or additional shares of common stock. 
 
 Articles of Incorporation and Bylaw Amendments . Indiana law generally requires shareholder approval for most amendments to a corporation s articles of incorporation by a majority of a quorum at a shareholder s meeting (and, in certain cases, a majority of all shares held by any voting group entitled to vote). However, Indiana law permits a corporation in its articles of incorporation to specify a higher shareholder vote requirement for certain amendments. The Corporation s Articles of Incorporation require (i) the affirmative vote of three fourths (3 4) of the outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote for an amendment to certain significant provisions of the Articles of Incorporation (see Removal of Directors and Classification of the Board below), and (ii) a majority of the Corporation s outstanding shares for all other amendments. 

PART IV ITEM 15. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 

Unless otherwise provided in the Bylaws or in the Articles of Incorporation, the Board, by a majority vote of the actual number of directors elected and qualified, may from time to time make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws. 
 
 Removal of Directors . The Corporation s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that any director or all directors may be removed, with or without cause, at a meeting of shareholders upon the vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds (2 3) of the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote on the election of directors. However, if two-thirds (2 3) of the entire Board recommends removal of a director to the shareholders, then such director may be removed by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote on the election of directors at a shareholders meeting. Amendment of these provisions of the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation requires the affirmative vote of three fourths (3 4) of the outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote on such amendment. A two-thirds (2 3) vote of the entire Board is required to amend such provisions of the Corporation s Bylaws. 
 
 Classification of the Board . The Corporation s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that the directors of the Board shall be divided into three classes, with the number of directors in each class being as nearly equal as possible and the term for one class expiring at each annual meeting of shareholders (i.e., directors generally serve three-year staggered terms). The directors in each class are eligible for re-election to a new term by the shareholders at the annual meeting held in the year in which the term for their class expires. Amendment of these provisions of the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation requires the affirmative vote of three fourths (3 4) of the outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote on such amendment. A two-thirds (2 3) vote of the entire Board is required to amend such provisions of the Corporation s Bylaws. 
 
 Vacancies occurring between annual meetings caused by a director s resignation, death or other incapacity, or by an increase in the number of directors, may be filled by a majority vote of the remaining members of the Board until the Corporation s next annual meeting of shareholders. 
 
 As stated above, the Corporation s shareholders do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions . The anti-takeover measures described below may have the effect of discouraging a person or other entity from acquiring control of the Corporation. These measures may have the effect of discouraging certain tender offers for shares of the Corporation s common stock which might otherwise be made at premium prices or certain other acquisition transactions which might be viewed favorably by a significant number of shareholders. 
 
 Under Indiana law, any ten percent (10 shareholder of an Indiana corporation, with a class of voting shares registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, such as the Corporation, is prohibited for a period of five (5) years from completing a business combination with the corporation unless, prior to the acquisition of such ten percent (10 interest, the Board approved either the acquisition of such interest or the proposed business combination. If such prior approval is not obtained, the corporation and a ten percent (10 shareholder may not consummate a business combination unless all provisions of the articles of incorporation are complied with and either a majority of disinterested shareholders approve the transaction or all shareholders receive a price per share as determined by Indiana law. A corporation may specifically adopt application of the business combination provision in its articles of incorporation and obtain the protection provided by this provision. 
 
 An Indiana corporation may elect to remove itself from the protection provided by the Indiana business combination provision, but such an election remains ineffective for eighteen (18) months and does not apply to a combination with a shareholder who acquired a ten percent (10 ownership position prior to the election. The Corporation has adopted the protection provided by the business combination provision of Indiana law. 
 
 In addition to the business combination provision, Indiana law contains a control share acquisition provision which, although different in structure from the business combination provision, may have a similar effect of discouraging or making more difficult a hostile takeover of an Indiana corporation. This provision also may have the effect of discouraging premium bids for outstanding shares. 
 
 Under this provision, unless otherwise provided in the corporation s articles of incorporation or bylaws, if a shareholder acquires a certain amount of shares, approval of a majority of the disinterested shareholders must be obtained before the acquiring shareholder may vote the control shares. Under certain circumstances, the shares held by the acquirer may be redeemed by the corporation at the fair market value of the shares as determined by the control share acquisition provision. The Corporation is subject to the control share acquisition provision. The constitutional validity of the control share acquisition statute has been challenged in the past and has been upheld by the United States Supreme Court. 
 
 The control share acquisition provision does not apply to a plan of affiliation and merger if the corporation complies with the applicable merger provisions and is a party to the agreement of merger or plan of share exchange. 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock 
 Depositary, Transfer Agent and Registrar . Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc. (the Depositary serves as depositary for the Depositary Shares and as transfer agent and registrar for the Series A Preferred Stock and the Depositary Shares. The Depositary is the sole holder of the Series A Preferred Stock. However, the holders of Depositary Shares are entitled, through the Depositary, to exercise the rights and preferences of the holder of the Series A Preferred Stock, as described below. 
 
 Dividends . Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are discretionary and are not cumulative, and will accrue and be payable only when, as and if declared by the Corporation s board of directors or a duly authorized committee of the Corporation s board of directors out of legally available funds, on a non-cumulative basis on the 2,500 per share liquidation preference, at a rate equal to 7.50 per annum for each quarterly dividend period from the issue date. Dividends will be paid quarterly, in arrears on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15 of each year. 

PART IV ITEM 15. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 

Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are non-cumulative. If for any reason the Corporation s board of directors or a duly authorized committee of such board does not declare cash dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock for a dividend period (or if less than full dividends for any dividend period are declared), the Corporation will have no obligation to pay any dividends or any additional dividends, as applicable, for that dividend period, whether or not the Corporation s board of directors or a duly authorized committee of such board declares dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock for any subsequent dividend period. 
 
 The Corporation is not obligated to and will not pay holders of the Series A Preferred Stock any interest or sum of money in lieu of interest on any dividend not paid on a dividend payment date. The Corporation is also not obligated to and will not pay holders of the Series A Preferred Stock any dividend in excess of the dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock that are payable as described above. There is no sinking fund with respect to dividends. 
 
 Dividend Stopper . If full dividends on all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock for the most recently completed dividend period have not been declared and paid or declared and set aside for payment, the Corporation will be prohibited from declaring or paying dividends (other than a dividend payable solely in junior stock) or other distributions with respect to, or redeeming, purchasing or acquiring any of, the Corporation s junior stock during the next succeeding dividend period, other than 
 
 redemptions, purchases or other acquisitions of junior stock in connection with any benefit plan or other similar arrangement with or for the benefit of any one or more employees, officers, directors or consultants or in connection with a dividend reinvestment or shareholder stock purchase plan 
 
 any declaration of a dividend in connection with any shareholders rights plan, or the issuance of rights, stock or other property under any shareholders rights plan, or the redemption or repurchase of rights pursuant thereto and 
 
 conversions into or exchanges for other junior stock and cash solely in lieu of fractional shares of the junior stock. 
 
 If dividends for any dividend payment date are not paid in full on the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and there are issued and outstanding shares of parity stock for which such dividend payment date is also a scheduled dividend payment date, then all dividends declared on shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and such parity stock on such date will be declared pro rata so that the respective amounts of such dividends will bear the same ratio to each other as full dividends (or equivalent) per share on the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and all such parity stock otherwise payable on such dividend payment date (subject to their having been declared out of legally available funds by the Corporation s board of directors or a duly authorized committee of the Corporation s board of directors and including, in the case of any such parity stock that bears cumulative dividends, all accrued but unpaid dividends) bear to each other. 
 
 Subject to the foregoing, dividends (payable in cash, stock, or otherwise) may be declared and paid on the Corporation s junior stock, which includes the Corporation s common stock, from time to time out of any assets legally available for such payment, and the holder of the Series A Preferred Stock or parity stock will not be entitled to participate in any such dividend. 
 
 Ranking . The Series A Preferred Stock will rank, with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions upon the Corporation s liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up, (i) senior to the Corporation s common stock and to each class or series of the Corporation s capital stock issued in the future, the terms of which do not expressly provide that it ranks on parity with or senior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividend and distribution rights and rights on the Corporation s liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, which the Corporation refers to collectively as the junior stock, and (ii) on parity with, or equally to, each class or series of capital stock the Corporation may issue in the future, the terms of which expressly provide that it ranks on parity with, or equally to, the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividend and distribution rights and rights upon the Corporation s liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, which the Corporation refers to collectively as parity stock. 
 
 The Corporation will not be entitled to issue any class or series of capital stock, the terms of which provide that such class or series will rank senior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends or distribution of assets upon the Corporation s liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, without the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding and any class or series of parity stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and are then outstanding, voting together as a single class, with each series or class having a number of votes proportionate to the aggregate liquidation preference of the outstanding shares of such class or series. 
 
 The Corporation may, however, from time to time, without notice to or consent from holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, re-open the series and issue additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock and a corresponding number of additional Depositary Shares. All such additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock would be deemed to form a single series with the shares of Series A Preferred Stock relating to the Depositary Shares currently outstanding. In addition, the Corporation may, from time to time, without notice to or consent from holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, create and issue parity stock and junior stock. 
 
 Maturity . The Series A Preferred Stock is perpetual and does not have a maturity date. The Corporation is not required to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock. Accordingly, the Series A Preferred Stock and related Depositary Shares will remain outstanding indefinitely, unless and until the Corporation decides to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 No Conversion Rights . The Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of the Corporation s capital stock or other securities. 
 
 No Preemptive Rights . The holder of the Series A Preferred Stock does not have any preemptive rights. 
 
 Redemption . The Series A Preferred Stock is redeemable by the Corporation, in whole or in part, from time to time, at the Corporation s option on any dividend payment date on or after August 15, 2025, at a redemption price equal to the liquidation preference, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of undeclared dividends. Neither the holder of Series A Preferred Stock nor the holders of Depositary Shares have the right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Series A Preferred Stock or the Depositary Shares. 

PART IV ITEM 15. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 

The Series A Preferred Stock is redeemable by the Corporation, in whole but not in part, at any time within 90 days following a regulatory capital treatment event at a redemption price equal to the liquidation preference, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. A regulatory capital treatment event means the Corporation s good-faith determination that, as a result of (i) any amendment to, or change in, the laws, rules or regulations of the United States or any political subdivision of or in the United States (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any agency or instrumentality of the United States, including the Federal Reserve and other appropriate federal bank regulatory agencies) that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any share of the Series A Preferred Stock (ii) any proposed change in those laws, rules or regulations that is announced after the initial issuance of any share of the Series A Preferred Stock or (iii) any official administrative or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement interpreting or applying those laws, rules or regulations or policies with respect thereto that is announced or becomes effective after the initial issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock, there is more than an insubstantial risk that the Corporation will not be entitled to treat the full liquidation preferences of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding as Additional Tier 1 Capital (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy standards of Federal Reserve Regulation Q, 12 C.F.R. Part 217 (or, as and if applicable, the successor capital adequacy guidelines, rules or regulations of the Federal Reserve or the capital adequacy guidelines, rules or regulations of any successor appropriate federal banking agency), as then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding. 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock is not subject to any sinking fund or any other obligation of the Corporation to redeem, repurchase or retire the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Liquidation Rights . In the event that the Corporation voluntarily or involuntarily liquidate, dissolve or wind up, the holder of the Series A Preferred Stock at the time outstanding is entitled to receive liquidating distributions in the amount of 2,500 per share of the Series A Preferred Stock (equivalent to 25 per depositary share), plus an amount equal to any declared but unpaid dividends thereon to and including the date of such liquidation without accumulation of any undeclared dividends, out of assets legally available for distribution to the Corporation s shareholders, before any distribution of assets is made to the holders of the Corporation s common stock or any other junior stock. After payment of the full amount of such liquidating distributions, the holder of the Series A Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any further participation in any distribution of assets by the Corporation, and will have no right or claim to any of the Corporation s remaining assets. 
 
 In the event that the Corporation s assets available for distribution to shareholders upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation s affairs, whether voluntary or involuntary, are insufficient to pay in full the amounts payable with respect to all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and the corresponding amounts payable on any parity stock, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and the holder of such other parity stock will share ratably in any distribution of the Corporation s assets in proportion to the full respective liquidating distributions to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled. 
 
 For such purposes, the Corporation s merger with or into any other entity, the merger of any other entity with or into the Corporation, the Corporation s conversion into another entity, or the sale of all or substantially all of the Corporation s property or business, will not be deemed to constitute the Corporation s liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up. 
 
 Voting Rights . Except as indicated below, or as otherwise provided by Indiana law, the holder of the Series A Preferred Stock does not have any voting rights. 
 
 If and when the dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock or on any other class or series of the Corporation s parity stock that has voting rights equivalent to those of the Series A Preferred Stock, have not been declared and paid in full for at least six dividend periods or their equivalent (whether or not consecutive), the authorized number of directors then constituting the Corporation s board of directors will be automatically increased by two. In that case, the holder of the Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of all other classes and series of parity stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote for the election of the two additional directors, voting together as a single class, with each series or class having a number of votes proportionate to the aggregate liquidation preference of the outstanding shares of such class or series, are entitled to elect the two additional members of the Corporation s board of directors, which the Corporation refers to as the Preferred Stock Directors, at any annual or special meeting of shareholders at which directors are to be elected or any special meeting of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and any parity stock for which dividends have not been paid, but only if the election of any Preferred Stock Directors would not cause the Corporation to violate the corporate governance requirement of the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or any other exchange on which the Corporation s securities may be listed, that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors. In addition, the Corporation s board of directors will at no time have more than two Preferred Stock Directors. 
 
 So long as any shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, in addition to any other vote or consent of shareholders required by the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation, the Corporation s Bylaws or Indiana law, or as may be required by the rules of the Nasdaq Global Select Market or any other securities exchange on which the Depositary Shares are listed, the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and any class or series of parity stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and are then outstanding, voting together as a single class, with each series or class having a number of votes proportionate to the aggregate liquidation preference of the outstanding shares of such class or series, will be necessary for effecting or validating (i) any amendment of the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation to authorize, create or designate, or increase the authorized or designated amount of, any shares of any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends or distribution of assets on the Corporation s liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as well as any amendment of the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation that would alter or change the voting powers, limitations, preferences or relative rights of the Series A Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely (ii) any merger of the Corporation with or into any entity other than a corporation (or comparable foreign entity), or (iii) any merger of the Corporation with or into any corporation (or comparable foreign entity) unless either the Series A Preferred Stock remains outstanding following the transaction, or the holder of Series A Preferred Stock is issued a class or series of preferred stock of the surviving or resulting corporation (or comparable foreign entity) or a corporation (or comparable foreign entity) controlling such corporation, having voting powers, preferences and special rights that are substantially identical to those of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

PART IV ITEM 15. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 

Depositary Shares 
 
 Depositary and Depositary Shares, Generally . The Depositary serves as depositary for the Depositary Shares and as transfer agent and registrar for the Series A Preferred Stock and the Depositary Shares. Each Depositary Share represents a 1 100th interest in a share of Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Dividends and Other Distributions . Each dividend payable on a Depositary Share will be in an amount equal to 1 100th of the dividend declared and payable on the shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The Depositary will distribute any cash dividends or other cash distributions received in respect of the deposited Series A Preferred Stock to the record holders of Depositary Shares relating to the underlying Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to the number of Depositary Shares held by the holders. If the Corporation makes a distribution other than in cash, the Depositary will distribute any securities or property received by it to the record holders of Depositary Shares entitled to those distributions, unless it determines that the distribution cannot be made proportionally among those holders or that (after consultation with the Corporation) it is not feasible to make a distribution, in which case the Depositary may, with the Corporation s approval, adopt a method of distribution that it deems equitable and practicable, including the sale of the securities or property and distribute the net proceeds from the sale to the holders of the Depositary Shares in proportion to the number of Depositary Shares they hold. 
 
 Redemption . If the Corporation redeems the Series A Preferred Stock represented by the Depositary Shares, in whole or in part, the Depositary Shares will be redeemed with the proceeds received by the Depositary resulting from the redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock held by the Depositary. The redemption price per Depositary Share will be equal to 1 100th of the redemption price per share payable with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock (or 25 per Depositary Share), plus 1 100th of any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends on the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 If the Corporation redeems shares of the Series A Preferred Stock held by the Depositary, the Depositary will redeem, as of the same redemption date, the number of Depositary Shares representing those shares of the Series A Preferred Stock so redeemed. If fewer than all of the outstanding Depositary Shares are redeemed, the Depositary will select the shares to be redeemed pro rata or by lot, or by any other equitable method, in each case as the Corporation may determine. 
 
 Voting Rights . Because each Depositary Share represents a 1 100th interest in a share of the Series A Preferred Stock, holders of depositary receipts are entitled to 1 100th of a vote per Depositary Share under those limited circumstances in which holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to a vote. 
 
 When the Depositary receives notice of any meeting at which the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, the Depositary will provide the information contained in the notice to the record holders of the Depositary Shares. Each record holder of the Depositary Shares on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the Series A Preferred Stock, may instruct the Depositary to vote the amount of the Series A Preferred Stock represented by the holder s Depositary Shares. Insofar as practicable, the Depositary will vote the amount of the Series A Preferred Stock represented by Depositary Shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. The Corporation will agree to take all reasonable actions that the Depositary determines are necessary to enable the Depositary to vote as instructed. If the Depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any Depositary Shares representing proportional interests in the Series A Preferred Stock, it will not vote the amount of the Series A Preferred Stock represented by such Depositary Shares. 
 
 No Conversion Rights . The holders of the Depositary Shares do not have any conversion rights. 
 
 No Preemptive Rights . The holders of the Depositary Shares do not have any preemptive rights. 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-4.11>
 3
 exhibit411-202210k.htm
 EX-4.11

Document 
 
 PART IV ITEM 15. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT-4.11 
 
 FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 
 
 THIS FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE dated as of March 31, 2022 is by and among Wilmington Trust, National Association, a national banking association duly organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, as Trustee (herein, together with its successors in interest, the Trustee ), First Merchants Corporation, an Indiana corporation (the Successor Company ), and Level One Bancorp, Inc., a Michigan corporation (the Company ), under the Indenture referred to below. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the parties hereto, the Trustee, the Company and the Successor Company hereby agree as follows 
 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 
 The Trustee and the Company are parties to that certain Indenture, dated as of December 18, 2019 (the Indenture ), pursuant to which the Company issued U.S. 30,000,000 of its Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2029 (the Notes ). 
 
 As permitted by the terms of the Indenture, the Company shall merge (referred to herein for purposes of Article VII of the Indenture as the Merger with and into the Successor Company with the Successor Company as the surviving corporation. The parties hereto are entering into this First Supplemental Indenture pursuant to, and in accordance with, Articles VII and VIII of the Indenture. 
 
 SECTION 1. Definitions. All capitalized terms used herein that are defined in the Indenture, either directly or by reference therein, shall have the respective meanings assigned them in the Indenture except as otherwise provided herein or unless the context otherwise requires. 
 
 SECTION 2. Interpretation. 
 
 a. In this First Supplemental Indenture, unless a clear contrary intention appears 
 
 i. the singular number includes the plural number and vice versa 
 
 ii. reference to any gender includes the other gender 
 
 iii. the words herein, hereof, hereto and hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this First Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Section or other subdivision 
 
 iv. reference to any Person includes such Person s successors and assigns but, if applicable, only if such successors and assigns are permitted by this First Supplemental Indenture or the Indenture, and reference to a Person in a particular capacity excludes such Person in any other capacity or individually provided that nothing in this clause (iv) is intended to authorize any assignment not otherwise permitted by this First Supplemental Indenture or the Indenture 
 
 v. reference to any agreement, document or instrument means such agreement, document or instrument as amended, supplemented or modified and in effect from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and, if applicable, the terms hereof, as well as any substitution or replacement therefor and reference to any note includes modifications thereof and any note issued in extension or renewal thereof or in substitution or replacement therefor 
 
 vi. reference to any Section means such Section of this First Supplemental Indenture and 
 
 vii. the word including (and with correlative meaning include means including without limiting the generality of any description preceding such term. 
 
 b. No provision in this First Supplemental Indenture shall be interpreted or construed against any Person because that Person or its legal representative drafted such provision. 
 
 SECTION 3. Assumption of Obligations. 
 
 a. Pursuant to, and in compliance and accordance with, Section 7.01 of the Indenture, the Successor Company hereby expressly assumes the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and interest on, all the Outstanding Notes and any other amounts due under the Indenture or in connection with the Notes, and the due and punctual performance and observance of every obligation in the Indenture and the Outstanding Notes on the part of the Company to be performed or observed under the Indenture. 
 
 b. Pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 7.02 of the Indenture, the Successor Company succeeds to, and is substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under the Indenture, with the same effect as if the Successor Company had originally been named as the Company therein. 

PART IV ITEM 15. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 

SECTION 4. Representations and Warranties. The Successor Company represents and warrants that (a) it has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this First Supplemental Indenture and to perform the Indenture, (b) it is the successor of the Company pursuant to the Merger effected in accordance with applicable law, (c) it is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Indiana, (d) immediately after giving effect to the Merger and this First Supplemental Indenture, no Event of Default, and no event which, after notice or lapse of time, or both, would become an Event of Default, has occurred and is continuing, and (e) this First Supplemental Indenture is executed and delivered pursuant to Section 8.01 of the Indenture and does not require the consent of the Holders. 
 
 SECTION 5. Conditions of Effectiveness. This First Supplemental Indenture shall become effective simultaneously with the effectiveness of the Merger, provided, however, that 
 
 a. the Trustee shall have executed a counterpart of this First Supplemental Indenture and shall have received one or more counterparts of this First Supplemental Indenture executed by the Successor Company and the Company 
 
 b. the Trustee shall have received an Officers Certificate stating that (i) the Merger and this First Supplemental Indenture comply with the requirements of Article VII of the Indenture and (ii) all conditions precedent provided for in the Indenture relating to the Merger and this First Supplemental Indenture have been complied with 
 
 c. the Trustee shall have received an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that (i) the Merger and this First Supplemental Indenture comply with the requirements of Article VII of the Indenture (ii) all conditions precedent provided for in the Indenture relating to the Merger and this First Supplemental Indenture have been complied with (iii) the Trustee s execution of this First Supplemental Indenture is authorized or permitted by Article VII of the Indenture and (iv) this First Supplemental Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by, and is a valid, binding and enforceable obligation of, the Company, subject to customary exceptions and 
 
 d. the Successor Company and the Company shall have duly executed and filed Articles of Merger with each of the Indiana Secretary of State and the Michigan Secretary of State in connection with the Merger. 
 
 SECTION 6. Reference to the Indenture. 
 
 a. Upon the effectiveness of this First Supplemental Indenture, each reference in the Indenture to this Indenture, hereunder, herein or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Indenture, as affected, amended and supplemented hereby. 
 
 b. Upon the effectiveness of this First Supplemental Indenture, each reference in the Notes to the Indenture including each term defined by reference to the Indenture shall mean and be a reference to the Indenture or such term, as the case may be, as affected, amended and supplemented hereby. 
 
 c. The Indenture, as amended and supplemented hereby shall remain in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed. 
 
 SECTION 7. Execution in Counterparts. This First Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 
 
 SECTION 8. Governing Law Binding Effect. This First Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 
 SECTION 9. The Trustee. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this First Supplemental Indenture or the due execution thereof by the Company or the Successor Company. The recitals of fact contained herein shall be taken as the statements solely of the Company or the Successor Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness thereof. Furthermore, the rights and protections afforded the Trustee under the Indenture shall apply to the execution and performance hereof by the Trustee. 

Signatures on following page 

PART IV ITEM 15. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this First Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the day and year first written above. 

LEVEL ONE BANCORP, INC. By s Patrick J. Fehring Name Patrick J. Fehring Title Chief Executive Officer FIRST MERCHANTS CORPORATION By s Michele M. Kawiecki Name Michele M. Kawiecki Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, By s Arlene Thelwell Name Arlene Thelwell Title Vice President 

</EX-4.11>

<EX-10.18>
 4
 exhibit1018-202210k.htm
 EX-10.18

Document 
 
 PART IV ITEM 15. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT-10.18 
 
 AMENDMENT TO CONSULTING AGREEMENT 
 
 This Amendment to Consulting Agreement (this Amendment is made and entered into this 1st day of January, 2023, by and between Michael C. Rechin Rechin and First Merchants Corporation FMC ). 
 
 WHEREAS, Rechin and FMC entered into that certain Consulting Agreement, with a term commencing on January 1, 2021 and ending on December 31, 2022 (the Consulting Agreement ), pursuant to which Rechin agreed to provide certain services to FMC as a nonemployee consultant and 
 
 WHEREAS, to preserve continuity until the conclusion of 2023, the parties have agreed to extend the Term of, and otherwise amend, the Consulting Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Amendment. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual understandings, promises and covenants contained herein, Rechin and FMC hereby agree as follows 
 
 1. Defined Terms. All capitalized terms used but not defined in this Amendment shall have the same meanings as those ascribed to them in the Consulting Agreement. 
 
 2. Amendments to Consulting Agreement. The parties hereby agree to amend the Consulting Agreement as follows 
 
 (a) Term. Section 2 of the Consulting Agreement is hereby amended to extend the Term to a date expiring, without further notice, as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 (b) Compensation for Services. Section 3 of the Consulting Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 
 As consideration for his Services, FMC shall compensate Rechin as follows (a) if Rechin continues to elect COBRA coverage under FMC s healthcare plan following his retirement for his (and his immediate family s) benefit, FMC shall pay one hundred percent (100 of the premiums for such coverage for the maximum period allowed by statute thereafter, FMC shall obtain and pay one hundred percent (100 of the premiums for the same (or as similar as possible) coverage for Rechin (and his spouse) under another healthcare plan until Rechin (and his spouse) become eligible for Medicare (b) during the Term, FMC shall provide Rechin administrative and secretarial assistance for work related to his Services (c) for the Term, FMC shall pay the membership dues in the country club where Rechin is currently a member and (d) during the Term, FMC shall continue to give Rechin access to his FMC email account for him to use for personal emails and emails for work related to his Services. Except as specifically set forth herein, other than payment of the retirement benefits to which Rechin is entitled as a participant in FMC s retirement plans, Rechin s employment benefits ceased as of his Retirement Date, or as otherwise provided under FMC s benefit plans. Rechin shall be solely responsible for the payment of all applicable federal, state and local income taxes, social security and Medicare taxes, unemployment, worker s compensation and other insurance contributions, and any other payroll taxes or payroll deductions with respect to the compensation payable to Rechin for his Services under this Agreement. FMC and Rechin agree that FMC will not provide an office to Rechin after his Retirement Date. 
 
 (c) Service on Board of Directors. Section 6 of the Consulting Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 
 Rechin s current term as an FMC Director is set to expire as of FMC s 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Rechin may continue that service as a paid Director notwithstanding the terms of this Agreement. As with other Directors, FMC s Nominating and Governance Committee will consider whether or not to further nominate Rechin as a Director following the expiration of his current term. While Rechin is serving as an FMC Director, he shall also be nominated and elected annually to serve as a Director of First Merchants Bank. 
 
 3. No Modification. This Amendment is subject in all respects to the provisions of the Consulting Agreement and is not meant to alter, enlarge, or otherwise modify the provisions of the Consulting Agreement except as expressly set forth herein. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Consulting Agreement and this Amendment, the terms of this Amendment shall prevail and control in the interpretation, operation and effect thereof. Except as expressly modified in this Amendment, the Consulting Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and is expressly ratified and confirmed by the parties hereto. 
 
 4. Applicable Law. This Amendment is made and entered into in the State of Indiana and shall in all respects be interpreted, enforced and governed under the laws of that State. 
 
 5. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Facsimiles of the executed copies of this Amendment may be delivered to the parties by facsimile transmission or email and, upon receipt, shall be deemed delivery of an original and binding upon the parties hereto. 

PART IV ITEM 15. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have entered into this Amendment as of the date first written above. 

Date December 24, 2022 
 
 By s Michael C. Rechin 
 Michael C. Rechin 

Date January 5, 2023 
 
 By s Mark K. Hardwick 
 Mark K. Hardwick 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-21>
 5
 exhibit21-202210k.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 
 PART IV ITEM 15. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT-21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

EXHIBIT 21-SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation First Merchants Bank U.S. FMB Portfolio Management, Inc. Delaware FMB Properties, Inc Maryland FMB Risk Management, Inc. Nevada First Merchants Capital Trust II Delaware Ameriana Capital Trust Delaware FMB Tax Credit Holdings I, LLC Indiana Property Management Advisors, Inc. Michigan 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 exhibit23-202210k.htm
 EX-23

Document 
 
 PART IV ITEM 15. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT-23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-159643, 333-219924, 333-232362), Form S-4 (333-261869), and Form S-3 (333-263584) of First Merchants Corporation (Corporation) of our reports dated March 1, 2023, on our audits of the consolidated financial statements of the Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We also consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated March 1, 2023, on our audit of the internal control over financial reporting of the Corporation as of December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 FORVIS, LLP 
 (Formerly BKD, LLP) 
 
 Indianapolis, Indiana 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 7
 exhibit24-202210k.htm
 EX-24

Document 
 
 PART IV ITEM 15. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT-24 
 LIMITED POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 EXHIBIT 24-LIMITED POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned directors and officers of First Merchants Corporation, an Indiana corporation, hereby constitute and appoint Michele M. Kawiecki, the true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact of the undersigned with full power and authority in said agent and attorney-in-fact to sign for the undersigned and in their respective names as directors and officers of the Corporation the Form 10-K of the Corporation to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and to sign any amendment to such Form 10-K, hereby ratifying and confirming all acts taken by such agent and attorney-in-fact, as herein authorized. 
 
 Dated March 1, 2023 

s Mark K. Hardwick s Michele M. Kawiecki Mark K. Hardwick Michele M. Kawiecki, Executive Vice President Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer) (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) s Michael R. Becher s Kevin D. Johnson Michael R. Becher, Director Kevin D. Johnson, Director s Susan W. Brooks s Clark C. Kellogg Susan W. Brooks, Director Clark C. Kellogg, Director s Patrick J. Fehring s Gary J. Lehman Patrick J. Fehring, Director Gary J. Lehman, Director s Michael J. Fisher s Michael C. Rechin Michael J. Fisher, Director Michael C. Rechin, Director s F. Howard Halderman s Charles E. Schalliol F. Howard Halderman, Director Charles E. Schalliol, Director s Mark K. Hardwick s Jason R. Sondhi Mark K. Hardwick, Director Jason R. Sondhi, Director s William L. Hoy s Jean L. Wojtowicz William L. Hoy, Director Jean L. Wojtowicz, Director 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 exhibit311-202210k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 
 PART IV ITEM 15. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT-31.1 
 
 FIRST MERCHANTS CORPORATION 
 
 FORM 10-K 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

CERTIFICATION 
 _______________ 
 
 I, Mark K. Hardwick, Chief Executive Officer of First Merchants Corporation, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of First Merchants Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board or directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 
 By s Mark K. Hardwick 
 Mark K. Hardwick 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 exhibit312-202210k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 
 PART IV ITEM 15. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT-31.2 
 
 FIRST MERCHANTS CORPORATION 
 
 FORM 10-K 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 _______________ 
 
 I, Michele M. Kawiecki, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of First Merchants Corporation, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of First Merchants Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board or directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 
 By s Michele M. Kawiecki 
 Michele M. Kawiecki 
 Executive Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 10
 exhibit32-202210k.htm
 EX-32

Document 
 
 PART IV ITEM 15. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT-32 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the annual report of First Merchants Corporation (the Corporation on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark Hardwick, Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, do hereby certify, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o (d)) and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 By s Mark K. Hardwick 
 Mark K. Hardwick 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 A signed copy of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to First Merchants Corporation and will be retained by First Merchants Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

In connection with the annual report of First Merchants Corporation (the Corporation on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michele Kawiecki, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, do hereby certify, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o (d)) and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 By s Michele M. Kawiecki 
 Michele M. Kawiecki 
 Executive Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 A signed copy of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to First Merchants Corporation and will be retained by First Merchants Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 frme-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 frme-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 frme-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 frme-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 frme-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

