<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_937834_0000937834-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>42925412</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>484294</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4281288</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>19428683</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>9015879</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8741726</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000937834-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230308175146
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000937834-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		189
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			METROPOLITAN LIFE INSURANCE CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000937834
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LIFE INSURANCE [6311]
		IRS NUMBER:				135581829
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55029
		FILM NUMBER:		23717430

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10166
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-578-9000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10166

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000937834-23-000007.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 mlic-20221231.htm
 10-K

mlic-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________________ 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 mpany 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

(Address of principal 
 executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None N/A N/A 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 At March 8, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding, all of which were owned directly by MetLife, Inc. 
 REDUCED DISCLOSURE FORMAT 
 The registrant meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and is therefore filing this Form with the reduced disclosure format. 

Table of Contents 
 Page 
 Part I 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 Item 2. Properties 
 24 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 24 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 
 Part II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 25 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 67 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 74 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 202 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 202 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 202 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 202 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 203 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 203 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 203 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 203 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 203 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 205 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 205 
 Exhibit Index 
 206 
 Signatures 
 208 

Table of Contents 

 As used in this Form 10-K, MLIC, the Company, we, our and us refer to Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, a New York corporation incorporated in 1868, and its subsidiaries. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of MetLife, Inc. (MetLife, Inc., together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, MetLife ). 
 Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10 K, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, may contain or incorporate by reference information that includes or is based upon forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements give expectations or forecasts of future events and do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They use words and terms such as anticipate, assume, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, if, intend, likely, may, plan, potential, project, should, will, would and other words and terms of similar meaning or that are otherwise tied to future periods or future performance, in each case in all derivative forms. They include statements relating to future actions, prospective services or products, future performance or results of current and anticipated services or products, future sales efforts, future expenses, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings, and future trends in operations and financial results. 
 Many factors determine Company results, and they involve unpredictable risks and uncertainties. Our forward-looking statements depend on our assumptions, our expectations, and our understanding of the economic environment, but they may be inaccurate and may change. We do not guarantee any future performance. Our results could differ materially from those we express or imply in forward-looking statements. The risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, identified in Metropolitan Life Insurance Company s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and others, may cause such differences. These factors include: 
 (1) economic condition difficulties, including risks relating to public health, interest rates, credit spreads, equity, real estate, obligors and counterparties, government default, derivatives, and climate change; 
 (2) global capital and credit market adversity; 
 (3) credit facility inaccessibility; 
 (4) financial strength or credit ratings downgrades; 
 (5) unavailability, unaffordability, or inadequate reinsurance; 
 (6) statutory life insurance reserve financing costs or limited market capacity; 
 (7) legal, regulatory, and supervisory and enforcement policy changes; 
 (8) changes in tax rates, tax laws or interpretations; 
 (9) litigation and regulatory investigations; 
 (10) London Interbank Offered Rate discontinuation and transition to alternative reference rates; 
 (11) unsuccessful efforts to meet all environmental, social, and governance standards or to enhance our sustainability; 
 (12) investment defaults, downgrades, or volatility; 
 (13) investment sales or lending difficulties; 
 (14) collateral or derivative-related payments; 
 (15) investment valuations, allowances, or impairments changes; 
 (16) claims or other results that differ from our estimates, assumptions, or models; 
 (17) business competition; 
 (18) catastrophes; 
 (19) climate changes or responses to it; 
 (20) deficiencies in our closed block; 
 (21) impairment of value of business acquired, value of distribution agreements acquired or value of customer relationships acquired; 
 (22) product guarantee volatility, costs, and counterparty risks; 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 (23) risk management failures; 
 (24) insufficient protection from operational risks; 
 (25) failure to protect confidentiality and integrity of data or other cybersecurity or disaster recovery failures; 
 (26) accounting standards changes; 
 (27) excessive risk-taking; and 
 (28) marketing and distribution difficulties. 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly correct or update any forward-looking statement if Metropolitan Life Insurance Company later becomes aware that such statement is not likely to be achieved. Please consult any further disclosures Metropolitan Life Insurance Company makes on related subjects in subsequent reports to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Note Regarding Reliance on Statements in Our Contracts 
 See Exhibit Index Note Regarding Reliance on Statements in Our Contracts for information regarding agreements included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Part I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Business Overview Strategy 
 As used in this Form 10-K, MLIC, the Company, we, our and us refer to Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, a New York corporation incorporated in 1868, and its subsidiaries. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of MetLife, Inc. (MetLife, Inc., together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, MetLife ). 
 The Company is a provider of insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management. We are also one of the largest institutional investors in the United States U.S. with a general account portfolio invested primarily in fixed income securities (corporate, structured products, municipals, and government and agency) and mortgage loans, as well as real estate, real estate joint ventures, other limited partnerships and equity securities. See Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about the Company s business. 
 Our well-recognized brand, market-leading businesses, competitive and innovative product offerings and financial strength and expertise should help drive future growth. MetLife will continue to execute on its Next Horizon strategy, creating value focusing on the following three pillars: (i) Focus; (ii) Simplify; and (iii) Differentiate. 
 
 Regulation 
 Overview 
 U.S. state regulators primarily regulate Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, with additional federal regulation of some of our products and services. New York s insurance holding company laws apply to MetLife, Inc. and its U.S. insurance subsidiaries licensed in New York, including Metropolitan Life Insurance Company. Furthermore, consumer protection laws, privacy, anti-money laundering, securities, commodities, broker-dealer and investment adviser regulations, environmental and unclaimed property laws and regulations, and the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA also apply to some of our operations, products and services. 
 We expect the scope and extent of regulation and regulatory oversight generally to continue to increase. The regulatory environment and changes in laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate could materially harm our results of operations. 
 Insurance Regulation 
 Insurance regulation generally aims to protect policyholders and ensure insurance company solvency. Insurance regulators increasingly seek information about the potential impact of activities on holding company systems as a whole. 
 MLIC has all material licenses to transact its business in each jurisdiction where it conducts insurance business. The extent of insurance regulation in such jurisdictions varies, but most jurisdictions regulate the financial aspects and business conduct of insurers through broad administrative powers with respect to, among other things: 
 licensing companies and agents to transact business; 
 calculating the value of assets to determine compliance with statutory requirements; 
 mandating certain insurance benefits; 
 regulating certain premium rates; 
 reviewing and approving certain policy forms, including required policyholder disclosures; 
 regulating unfair trade and claims practices, including through the imposition of restrictions on marketing and sales practices, distribution arrangements and payment of inducements, and identifying and paying to the states or local authorities benefits and other property that is not claimed by the owners; 
 regulating advertising; 
 protecting and safeguarding personal information and other sensitive data, including through cybersecurity standards; 
 establishing statutory capital and reserve requirements and solvency standards; 
 specifying the conditions under which a ceding company can take credit for reinsurance in its statutory financial statements (i.e., reduce its reserves by the amount of reserves ceded to a reinsurer); 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 fixing maximum interest rates on insurance policy loans and minimum guaranteed crediting rates on life insurance policies and annuity contracts; 
 adopting and enforcing standards with respect to the sale of annuities and other insurance products; 
 approving changes in control of insurance companies; 
 restricting the payment of dividends and other transactions between affiliates; and 
 regulating the types and amounts of investments. 
 We must file reports, generally including detailed annual financial statements, with insurance regulatory authorities in each of the jurisdictions in which we do business. Such authorities also periodically examine our operations and accounts. We must also file, and in many jurisdictions and in some lines of insurance obtain regulatory approval of, rates and policy forms relating to the insurance written in the jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 Insurance, securities, and other regulatory authorities, other law enforcement agencies, and attorneys general, review our compliance with laws and regulations regarding the conduct of our insurance and securities businesses. We cooperate with such inquiries and take corrective action when warranted. See Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 U.S. Federal Initiatives 
 U.S. federal initiatives can affect our business in a variety of ways, including regulation of financial services, securities, derivatives, pensions, health care, money laundering, foreign sanctions and corrupt practices, and taxation. For instance, legislators and policymakers have proposed various forms of direct and indirect federal regulation of insurance from time to time, such as proposals for the establishment of an optional federal charter for insurance companies. See Risk Factors Regulatory and Legal Risks Changes in Laws or Regulation, or in Supervisory and Enforcement Policies, May Reduce Our Profitability, Limit Our Growth, or Otherwise Adversely Affect Us. 
 The Inflation Reduction Act, signed into law by President Biden on August 16, 2022, included a number of tax-related provisions including a fifteen percent alternative minimum tax rate on adjusted financial statement income. This provision became effective on January 1, 2023 and is not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations. 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank increased the potential federal role in regulating businesses such as ours. Dodd-Frank created the Financial Stability Oversight Council, which may designate certain financial companies as non-bank systemically important financial institutions subject to supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (collectively with the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve ). Dodd-Frank provisions may also affect our investment activities. 
 Dodd-Frank and its implementing regulations have changed since the law was adopted. As a result of these changes, and potential changes, we cannot identify all the risks posed and opportunities presented, if any, to our businesses. See Risk Factors Regulatory and Legal Risks Changes in Laws or Regulation, or in Supervisory and Enforcement Policies, May Reduce Our Profitability, Limit Our Growth, or Otherwise Adversely Affect Us. 
 Until January 2021, the McCarran Ferguson Act largely exempted insurance from U.S. antitrust laws. However, the Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act amended the McCarran-Ferguson Act such that U.S. antitrust laws now apply to the business of health insurance and U.S. regulatory authority expanded accordingly. We expect regulatory oversight and litigation risk for some products, including dental and vision, to increase. 
 Guaranty Associations and Similar Arrangements 
 Many jurisdictions in which we transact business require life and health insurers to participate in guaranty or similar associations. These arrangements pay certain insurance benefits owed by impaired, insolvent or failed insurers. Guaranty associations levy assessments, up to prescribed limits, on all member insurers in a particular jurisdiction on the basis of the proportionate share of the premiums written by member insurers in the lines of business in which the impaired, insolvent or failed insurer engaged. In addition, certain jurisdictions have government owned or controlled organizations providing life and health insurance to their citizens, whose activities could place additional stress on the adequacy of guaranty fund assessments. Many of these organizations have the power to levy assessments similar to those of the guaranty associations. Some jurisdictions permit member insurers to recover assessments paid through full or partial premium tax offsets. We have established liabilities for guaranty fund assessments that we consider adequate. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Insurance Regulatory Examinations and Other Activities 
 U.S. state insurance departments periodically examine the books, records, accounts, and business practices of their domiciled insurers. State insurance departments may also conduct examinations of non-domiciliary insurers licensed in their states. 
 In 2019, MetLife entered into a consent order with the New York State Department of Financial Services NYDFS relating to unclaimed property following an open market conduct quinquennial exam, under which it paid a fine and customer restitution, and submitted remediation plans for approval. See Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements regarding any reportable contingencies related to findings resulting from our state insurance department examinations. 
 Regulatory authorities in a small number of states, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and, occasionally, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC have conducted examinations and/or investigations or made inquiries relating to sales of our individual life insurance policies, annuities or other products. These examinations, investigations and/or inquiries often focus on the conduct and/or supervision of particular financial services representatives, the sale of unregistered or unsuitable products, the misuse of client assets, or sales and replacements of annuities and certain riders on such annuities. Over the past several years, we resolved these (and a number of investigations by other regulators) for monetary payments and certain other relief, including restitution payments. We may continue to receive notice of, and may resolve, further investigations and actions on these matters in a similar manner. 
 Insurance standard-setting and regulatory support organizations, including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC ), encourage insurance supervisors to establish Supervisory Colleges. These organizations facilitate cooperation and coordination among insurance supervisors to enhance their understanding of the risk profile of U.S.-based insurance groups with international operations. Our lead state regulator, the NYDFS, annually chairs Supervisory College meetings that MetLife s key U.S. and non-U.S. regulators attend. 
 In addition, regulators have scrutinized insurers claims payment practices. See Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding group annuity benefits and unclaimed property inquiries. 
 Policy and Contract Reserve Adequacy Analysis 
 We and our captive reinsurance subsidiary must annually analyze our statutory reserves adequacy. In each case, a qualified actuary must submit an opinion that states that the statutory reserves make adequate provision, according to accepted actuarial standards of practice, for the anticipated cash flows required by the insurer s contractual obligations and related expenses. The actuary considers the adequacy of the statutory reserves in light of the assets held by the insurer with respect to such reserves and related actuarial items, such as the investment earnings on such assets and the consideration the insurer anticipates receiving and retaining under the related policies and contracts. We may increase reserves in order to submit such an opinion without qualification. We and our captive reinsurance subsidiary have provided the opinions, as required, without qualifications since this requirement began. 
 National Association of Insurance Commissioners 
 The NAIC assists state insurance regulatory authorities to serve the public interest and achieve their regulatory goals. State insurance regulators may act independently or adopt regulations proposed by the NAIC. State insurance regulators and the NAIC regularly re-examine existing insurance laws and regulations. State insurance regulators establish standards and best practices, conduct peer reviews, and coordinate their regulatory oversight through the NAIC. The NAIC also provides standardized insurance industry accounting and reporting guidance through its Accounting Practices and Procedures Manual (the Manual ), which states have largely adopted by regulation. However, individual states establish statutory accounting principles, which may differ from the Manual. Changes to the Manual or modifications by the various state insurance departments may affect our statutory capital and surplus. 
 State insurance holding company laws and regulations are generally based on the NAIC s Insurance Holding Company System Regulatory Act and Regulation Model Holding Company Act and Regulation ). These vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, but generally require a controlled insurance company (i.e., insurers that are subsidiaries of insurance holding companies) to register and file reports with state regulatory authorities on its capital structure, ownership, financial condition, intercompany transactions and general business operations. State holding company laws require the ultimate controlling person of a U.S. insurer to file an annual enterprise risk report with the lead state of the insurance holding company system. The holding company laws also authorize state insurance commissioners to act as global group-wide supervisors. In 2020, the NYDFS amended its laws to permit the New York Superintendent of Financial Services Superintendent to act as a group-wide supervisor. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 In furtherance of the NAIC s Solvency Modernization Initiative, the NAIC has updated model acts and regulations to address insurance company financial regulation, as discussed below, and, in particular, capital requirements; corporate governance and risk management practices; group supervision; liquidity stress testing, statutory accounting and financial reporting; and reinsurance. 
 The NAIC s Corporate Governance Annual Disclosure Model Act, which all states have adopted, requires insurers to annually file detailed information regarding their corporate governance policies. 
 All states have also adopted the NAIC s Risk Management and Own Risk and Solvency Assessment Model Act, which requires insurers to maintain a risk management framework and to document an internal own risk and solvency assessment ORSA of its material risks in normal and stressed environments. MetLife, Inc. has submitted on behalf of the enterprise an ORSA summary report to the NYDFS annually since this requirement became effective. 
 The NAIC has also approved a valuation manual containing a principle-based approach to the calculation of life insurance reserves (the Valuation Manual ). Principle-based reserving is designed to better address reserving for life insurance and annuity products. The NYDFS promulgated a regulation in 2019 that affirms the Superintendent s authority to deviate from the Valuation Manual to adjust the reserves of a New York domestic life insurance company, such as MLIC, if the NYDFS determines that an alternative requirement would be in the best interest of New York policyholders. 
 The NAIC has been focused on a macro-prudential initiative since 2017, which is intended to enhance risk identification efforts by building on the state-based regulation system. In furtherance of this initiative, the NAIC adopted changes to its Statutory Annual Statement reporting, effective for year-end 2019, to improve liquidity risk monitoring. The NAIC also adopted amendments to the Model Holding Company Act and Regulation that implement requirements related to a liquidity stress-testing framework for certain large U.S. life insurers and insurance groups. The applicability of the framework is based on amounts of certain types of business written or material exposure to certain investment transactions, such as derivatives and securities lending. The framework is consistent with MetLife s liquidity risks policies and procedures, and is expected to have no impact on MetLife. A bill is pending in the New York state legislature to adopt the holding company amendments. 
 We use capital markets solutions to finance a portion of our statutory reserve requirements for several products. These include level premium term life products subject to the NAIC s Valuation of Life Insurance Policies Model Regulation (commonly referred to as Regulation XXX), universal and variable life policies with secondary guarantees subject to NAIC Actuarial Guideline 38 (commonly referred to as Guideline AXXX), and our closed block. In order to address the use of captives for policies covered by Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX, the NAIC adopted Actuarial Guideline 48 AG 48 ). This guideline has enhanced the statutory financial statement disclosure of an insurer's use of captives and has narrowed the types of assets permitted to back statutory reserves that are required to support the insurer s future obligations. 
 AG 48 also requires the actuary of a ceding insurer to opine on the assuming insurer s collateral associated with the treaty and to issue a qualified opinion if the assuming entity is not complying with the requirements of AG 48. The NAIC s Term and Universal Life Insurance Reserve Financing Model Regulation codifies the same substantive requirements as AG 48, as amended by the NAIC in 2016, and establishes uniform, national standards governing reserve financing arrangements pertaining to the term life and universal life insurance policies with secondary guarantees. The model regulation became an NAIC accreditation standard on September 1, 2022, with enforcement beginning on January 1, 2023, although states can use AG 48 to satisfy the accreditation requirement. 
 We cannot predict the capital and reserve impacts, compliance costs, or other effects these initiatives will have on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Surplus and Capital 
 Insurers must maintain their capital and surplus at or above minimum levels prescribed by the laws of their respective jurisdictions. Regulators generally have discretionary authority to limit or prohibit an insurer s sales to policyholders if the insurer has not maintained minimum surplus or capital or if they find that the further transaction of business would be hazardous to policyholders. 
 New York restricts the dividends or other distributions an insurance company subsidiary may pay to its parent companies and limits the transactions between an insurer and its affiliates. Dividends in excess of prescribed limits and transactions above a specified size between an insurer and its affiliates require the approval of the NYDFS. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Capital Statutory Capital and Dividends. See also Dividend Restrictions in Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding such limitations. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 For developments that could affect our surplus and capital, see Risk Factors. 
 Risk-Based Capital 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company is subject to risk-based capital RBC requirements developed by the NAIC and adopted by New York. Insurers calculate RBC annually based on a formula that applies factors to various asset, premium, claim, expense and statutory reserve items, taking into account asset, insurance, interest rate, and market and business risk characteristics. Regulators use the formula as an early warning tool to identify insurers that may be inadequately capitalized for purposes of initiating regulatory action, and not as a means to rank insurers generally. State insurance laws provide insurance regulators the authority to require various actions by, or take various actions against, insurers whose total adjusted capital does not meet or exceed certain RBC levels. See Statutory Equity and Income in Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Capital Statutory Capital and Dividends. 
 The NYDFS issues annual letters on Special Considerations (each, an SCL to New York-licensed insurance companies, including MLIC, that affect year-end asset adequacy testing. An SCL could mandate assumption changes that would require us to increase, or influence our decision to release, certain asset adequacy reserves, which could materially impact our statutory capital and surplus. No changes were made to our asset adequacy reserves in either 2022 or 2021 as a result of the SCL. See Statutory Equity and Income in Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The NAIC adopted revisions to certain factors used to calculate Life RBC, which is the denominator of the RBC ratios, in light of changes to U.S. tax laws in recent years. These revisions have resulted in increased RBC charges and reduced our RBC ratios. The NAIC has approved RBC revisions for corporate bonds, real estate equity and longevity risk that took effect at year-end 2021, which had a modest net positive RBC impact on us. The NAIC has also approved an RBC update for mortality risk that took effect at year-end 2022, which had a modest positive impact on our reported RBC ratio. 
 The NAIC developed a group capital calculation GCC tool using an RBC aggregation methodology for all entities within an insurance holding company system, including non-U.S. entities. The NAIC amended the Model Holding Company Act and Regulation to adopt the GCC Template and Instructions and to implement the annual GCC filing requirement with an insurance group s lead state regulator. The filing requirement becomes effective when the holding company act amendments are adopted by the state where an insurance group s lead state regulator is located. A bill is pending in the New York State legislature to adopt such amendments. We cannot predict what impact this regulatory tool may have on our business. 
 NAIC adoptions or NYDFS regulation changes may have a material impact on our RBC ratio. 
 Diversity and Corporate Governance 
 The NAIC and state insurance regulators are evaluating issues related to diversity within the insurance industry. In New York, the NYDFS expects the insurers it regulates to make diversity of their leadership a business priority and a key element of their corporate governance. The NYDFS collected data from insurers that met certain New York premium thresholds, including Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, regarding the diversity of their corporate boards and management. The NYDFS plans to publish such data on an aggregate basis to measure progress in the industry, and it now includes diversity-related questions in its examination process. The NAIC is also evaluating issues related to race, diversity and inclusion, and it is examining practices in the insurance industry in order to determine how barriers are created that disadvantage people of color or historically underrepresented groups. 
 New York Insurance Regulation 210 
 Insurance Regulation 210 establishes standards for the determination and any readjustment of non-guaranteed elements NGEs that may vary at the insurer s discretion for life insurance policies and annuity contracts delivered or issued for delivery in New York. NGEs include cost of insurance for universal life insurance policies, as well as interest crediting rates for annuities and universal life insurance policies. The regulation requires insurers to notify policyholders at least 60 days in advance of any change in NGEs that is adverse to policyholders and, with respect to life insurance, to notify the NYDFS at least 120 days prior to any such changes. The regulation also requires insurers to inform the NYDFS annually of any changes adverse to policyholders made in the prior year. The regulation generally prohibits insurers from increasing profit margins for in-force policies or adjusting NGEs in order to recoup past losses. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Cybersecurity, Privacy and Data Protection Regulation 
 We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations at the local, state and federal level regarding the collection, storage, use, retrieval, processing, disclosure, protection and security of personal information, including health-related and customer information and data of MetLife employees (our Associates ). Various local, state and federal laws require companies such as ours to inform consumers of data collection, storage and processing practices and further dictate whether, how, and under what circumstances we may transfer, process or receive personal information, the interpretation and scope of which are constantly evolving and vary significantly from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. We are also subject to laws and regulations governing the security and integrity of our information systems and the non-public information stored therein, many of which require the implementation and maintenance of a comprehensive information security program, and require notification to affected individuals and regulators of security breaches and other cyber incidents. Given growing cybersecurity risks and threats posed to information and financial systems by nation-states, terrorist organizations and independent criminal actors in recent years, insurance and other regulators have increased focus on cybersecurity practices, and regulatory and legislative activity in the areas of privacy, data protection and cybersecurity continues to increase worldwide. Below, we highlight some of the key data protection and cybersecurity laws and regulations to which we are subject. 
 Cybersecurity 
 The NYDFS promulgated the New York Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies (the Regulation to promote the protection of customer information and information technology systems by establishing and regulating cybersecurity requirements for banking and insurance entities under the NYDFS s jurisdiction. In general, the Regulation requires covered entities, including us, to assess risks associated with their information systems and establish and maintain a cybersecurity program designed to assess those risks and protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of such systems and data. Specifically, the Regulation provides for, among other things: (i) technical safeguards and controls relating to the governance framework for a cybersecurity program; (ii) risk-based policies, procedures and minimum standards for technology systems for data protection; (iii) minimum standards for cyber breach responses, including notice to the NYDFS of certain material events; (iv) designation of a chief information security officer and other qualified cybersecurity personnel; (v) oversight of third party service providers with access to the information systems and nonpublic personal information of covered entities, including via implementation of written policies and procedures to evaluate the third party service provider s cybersecurity practices; and (vi) identification and documentation of material deficiencies, remediation plans and annual certifications of regulatory compliance. The NYDFS has proposed amendments to the Regulation which, if adopted, would require the implementation of new reporting, governance and oversight measures, and enhanced cybersecurity safeguards (such as annual audits, vulnerability assessments, and password controls and monitoring), and mandate notifications in the event a covered entity makes a cyber-ransom payment. We cannot predict whether the amendments will be adopted, what form they will take, or what effect they would have on our business or compliance costs. Covered entities that fail to comply with the Regulation may be subject to enforcement actions brought by the NYDFS, the result of which could lead to civil penalties, and other legal and reputational costs. 
 The NAIC adopted the Insurance Data Security Model Law (the Cybersecurity Model Law ), which requires insurers and other entities licensed by a state insurance department to develop, implement and maintain a risk-based information security program. The Cybersecurity Model Law also establishes standards for data security and for investigation of and notification to insurance commissioners of cybersecurity events involving unauthorized access to, or the misuse of, certain nonpublic information. Several states in which MLIC is licensed have adopted the Cybersecurity Model Law, and more may adopt it in the future, requiring further compliance and oversight efforts. Such compliance efforts may present an increasing demand on our systems and resources, and require significant new and ongoing investments, including investments in compliance processes, personnel, and technical infrastructure. 
 On May 12, 2021, President Biden signed Executive Order 14028 on Improving the Nation s Cybersecurity (the Order to strengthen the U.S. federal government s cybersecurity defenses and that of its vendors. The Office of Management and Budget OMB has released several memoranda expounding on various aspects of the Order; for example, OMB released the federal government s strategy to move towards Zero Trust cybersecurity principles on January 26, 2022. While MetLife provides employee benefits to several of the agencies that are subject to the Order, it is not directly subject to the new requirements at this time, based on the scope of the Order. While the Order is primarily aimed at technology and software providers and suppliers, there are efforts underway within a whole-of-government approach to combat cyber-attacks and ransomware attacks, which could potentially impose additional cybersecurity requirements on MetLife and other federal contractors over time. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Privacy and Data Protection 
 In the U.S., we are subject to state laws, which impose certain obligations on the processing of personal information and provide consumers specific rights to control their personal information. For instance, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which applies to certain portions of our business, requires covered companies to provide disclosures to California consumers about such companies data collection, use and sharing practices and gives California residents expanded rights with respect to the processing of their personal information. In November 2020, the CCPA was amended by the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which took effect in most material respects on January 1, 2023. The CPRA expands the CCPA, including with respect to the processing of certain sensitive personal information, and establishes a regulatory agency, the California Privacy Protection Agency CPPA ), to promulgate rules and regulations, and to enforce those requirements. Regulators may impose fines for violations, and individuals have a private right of action for the unauthorized disclosure of personal information as a result of a failure to maintain reasonable security procedures. CCPA enforcement thus far has been limited; it has not been subject to significant litigation and judicial interpretation, and the CPRA has shifted enforcement duties from the state Attorney General to the new CPPA. As a result, it remains unclear how various provisions of the CCPA will be interpreted and enforced. Moreover, in February 2023, the CPPA adopted its final rule changes to the CCPA regulations; these are expected to come into force in April 2023. While a significant portion of our business is exempted from the CCPA s specific requirements, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act and the insurance laws of several states to which we are subject grant similar rights to insureds, including the right to request copies of their personal information that a company has collected. 
 Several other states either have proposed or adopted new comprehensive privacy laws, which may apply to certain portions of our business. However, some of these state laws (such as those enacted in Virginia, Colorado and Utah) include broad entity-wide exemptions for financial institutions. Additionally, a draft of a new federal privacy bill, the American Data Privacy and Protection Act ADPPA ), was introduced in June 2022 with the aim of harmonizing and improving federal data protection legislation. The ADPPA was not enacted during the last Congress, but it or similar federal legislation may be enacted in the future. Adapting our practices to comply with new laws and regulations may increase compliance costs and potentially change our business practices. 
 The above laws, and other similar laws that may be passed, may require us to adapt our practices and divert resources from other initiatives and projects to address such evolving compliance and operational requirements. Moreover, despite our efforts, governmental authorities or others may assert that our business practices fail to comply with such requirements, and if we are found to violate any such laws, we may incur substantial fines or damages, have to change our business practices, or face reputational harm, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 ERISA and Fiduciary Considerations 
 We provide products and services to certain employee benefit plans that are subject to ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). ERISA and the Code impose restrictions, including fiduciary duties to perform solely in the interests of ERISA plan participants and beneficiaries, and to avoid prohibited non-exempt transactions. The applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code are subject to enforcement by the U.S. Department of Labor (the DOL ), the Internal Revenue Service and the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 The prohibited transaction rules of ERISA and the Code generally restrict the provision of investment advice to ERISA plans and participants and to Individual Retirement Accounts IRAs (and certain other arrangements) if the investment recommendation results in fees paid to an individual advisor, the firm that employs the advisor or their affiliates that vary according to the investment recommendation chosen, unless an exemption or exception is available. Similarly, without an exemption or exception, fiduciary advisors are prohibited from receiving compensation from third parties in connection with their advice. ERISA also affects certain of our in-force insurance policies and annuity contracts, as well as insurance policies and annuity contracts we may sell in the future. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 The SEC adopted Regulation Best Interest in 2019, and compliance was required beginning on June 30, 2020. Regulation Best Interest requires broker-dealers to act in the best interest of individual investor retail customers when recommending account types, securities transactions or investment strategies involving securities, including recommendations to IRA owners, as well as non-benefit plan retail customers. In addition, other SEC rules require broker-dealers and investment advisers to retail customers to describe their services and conflicts of interest to their retail customers in client relationship summary disclosure and deliver a copy to their retail customers. In December 2020, the DOL released the final version of the prohibited transaction exemption PTE 2020-02 to allow investment advice fiduciaries to receive compensation without violating ERISA, subject to impartial conduct standards and disclosure obligations aligned with the new SEC rules. In the preamble to PTE 2020-02, the DOL also provided its interpretation of the five-part test used to determine whether a person is acting as an ERISA investment advice fiduciary. PTE 2020-02 became effective on February 16, 2021. In April 2021, the DOL published additional guidance indicating that it may amend or add to this rule. FINRA rules similarly impose know your customer and suitability requirements on broker-dealers, as well as supplemental rules relating to sale of variable annuities, including with respect to certain benefit plan customers and IRA owners. 
 State regulators and legislatures in Nevada, New Jersey, Maryland and New York have proposed measures that would make broker-dealers, sales agents, and investment advisers and their representatives subject to a fiduciary duty when providing products and services to customers, including pension plans and IRAs, and Massachusetts has enacted a law to that effect. The NYDFS s annuity suitability regulation incorporates the best interest standard and expands the scope of the regulation beyond annuity transactions to include sales of life insurance policies to consumers. In April 2021, the Appellate Division of the New York Supreme Court overturned the regulation for being unconstitutionally vague, although the New York State Court of Appeals reversed this ruling on October 20, 2022. Regulation Best Interest under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act does not include a private right of action, although the SEC did not indicate an intent to pre-empt state regulation in this area, and some of the state proposals and adopted regulations would allow for a private right of action. As a result of these developments, it is possible that it may become more costly to provide our products and services in the states subject to the new rules. 
 The SECURE 2.0 Act of 2022 SECURE 2.0 ), signed into law on December 29, 2022, makes significant changes to existing law for retirement plans by building upon provisions in the Setting Every Community Up for Retirement Enhancement Act of 2019. SECURE 2.0 introduces new requirements and considerations for plan sponsors that are intended to expand coverage, increase savings, preserve income, and simplify plan rules and administrative procedures. Among other provisions, SECURE 2.0 directs the DOL to review its current interpretive bulletin regarding ERISA plan sponsors selection of annuity providers for purposes of transferring plan sponsor benefit plan liability to such annuity providers. Such review could result in the DOL s imposition of new or different requirements on plan sponsors or on annuity providers such as Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, or could make such selection process more difficult for the parties involved. 
 Investments Regulation 
 State insurance laws and regulations limit the amount of investments that we may have in certain asset categories, such as below investment grade fixed income securities, real estate equity, other equity investments, and derivatives, and require diversification of investment portfolios. Investments exceeding regulatory limitations are not admitted for purposes of measuring surplus. In some instances, laws require us to divest any non-qualifying investments. 
 Derivatives Regulation 
 Dodd-Frank includes a framework of regulation of the over-the-counter OTC derivatives markets requiring clearing of certain types of interest rate and credit default swap transactions and imposes additional costs, including reporting and margin requirements. Our costs of risk mitigation are increasing under Dodd-Frank. For example, Dodd-Frank imposes requirements to pledge variation and/or initial margin (i) for OTC-cleared transactions (OTC derivatives that are cleared and settled through central clearing counterparties), and (ii) for OTC-bilateral transactions (OTC derivatives that are bilateral contracts between two counterparties). 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 We expect increased margin requirements, and capital charges for our counterparties and central clearinghouses related to holding non-cash collateral, to continue to increase our required holdings of cash and government securities. This may cause lower yields and reduce our income due to less favorable pricing for OTC-cleared and OTC-bilateral transactions. Centralized clearing of certain OTC derivatives exposes us to the risk of a default by a clearing member or clearinghouse with respect to our cleared derivative transactions. We use derivatives to mitigate a wide range of risks in connection with our businesses, including the impact of increased benefit exposures from certain of our annuity products that offer guaranteed benefits. We have always been subject to the risk that hedging and other management procedures might prove ineffective in reducing the risks to which insurance policies expose us, or that unanticipated policyholder behavior or mortality, combined with adverse market events, could produce economic losses beyond the scope of the risk management techniques employed. Any such losses could be increased by higher costs of writing derivatives (including customized derivatives) and the reduced availability of customized derivatives that might result from the implementation of Dodd-Frank and comparable international derivatives regulations. 
 Dodd-Frank also expanded the definition of swap and mandated the SEC and U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC to study whether stable value contracts should be treated as swaps. Pursuant to the new definition and the SEC s and CFTC s interpretive regulations, products we offer, other than stable value contracts, might also be treated as swaps. Should such products become regulated as swaps, we cannot predict how the rules would be applied to them or the effect on such products profitability or attractiveness to our clients. Special federal banking rules apply to certain qualified financial contracts, including many derivatives contracts, securities lending agreements and repurchase agreements, with banking institutions and certain of their affiliates. These rules generally require the banking institutions and their applicable affiliates to limit or delay their counterparties default rights (such as their counterparties right to terminate the contracts or foreclose on collateral) and restrict assignments and transfers of credit enhancements (such as guarantees) in connection with the banking institution or affiliate bankruptcy, insolvency, resolution or similar proceeding. These rules could limit our recovery in the event of a default, limit our ability to close-out transactions upon the bankruptcy of an affiliate of our counterparty, and increase our counterparty risk. 
 We expect the amount of collateral we are required to pledge and the payments we are required to make under our OTC swaps transactions to increase as a result of the requirement to pledge initial margin for OTC-bilateral transactions, based on the final margin requirements for non-centrally cleared derivatives. 
 Securities, Broker-Dealer and Investment Adviser Regulation 
 Federal and state securities laws and regulations apply to insurance products that are also meet the definition of a security, including variable annuity contracts and variable life insurance policies, and certain fixed interest rate or index-linked contracts with features that require them to be registered as securities or exempt from registration. As a result, some of our activities in offering and selling variable insurance contracts and policies are subject to extensive regulation under these securities laws. 
 Federal and state securities laws and regulations generally grant regulatory agencies broad rulemaking and enforcement powers, including the power to adopt new rules impacting new or existing products, regulate the issuance, sale and distribution of our products and limit or restrict the conduct of business for failure to comply with such laws and regulations. 
 Some of our activities in offering and selling variable insurance products are subject to extensive regulation under the federal securities laws and regulations administered by the SEC. We issue variable annuity contracts and variable life insurance policies through separate accounts that are registered with the SEC as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act or are exempt from registration under the Investment Company Act. Such separate accounts are generally divided into sub-accounts, each of which invests in an underlying mutual fund which is itself a registered investment company under the Investment Company Act. In addition, the variable annuity contracts and variable life insurance policies associated with these registered separate accounts are registered with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act or are exempt from registration under the Securities Act. We issue a fixed interest rate contract with features that require it to be registered under the Securities Act. 
 Certain variable contract separate accounts sponsored by our subsidiaries are exempt from registration but may be subject to other provisions of the federal securities laws. 
 The SEC, CFTC and FINRA from time to time propose and adopt rules and regulations that impact broker-dealers and products deemed to be securities. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Under SEC rules, broker-dealers recommending our variable products and other securities offerings to retail customers are required to comply with a best interest standard. SEC rules also require broker-dealers to disclose the nature of services, their standard of conduct, and their conflicts of interest to their retail customers. With regard to insurance products, the NAIC revised its Suitability in Annuity Transactions Model Regulation to add a best interest standard for the sale of annuities. In April 2021, as noted above, the Appellate Division of the New York State Supreme Court overturned NYDFS Regulation 187-Suitability and Best Interests in Life Insurance and Annuity Transactions for being unconstitutionally vague, although the New York State Court of Appeals reversed this ruling on October 20, 2022. 
 Federal and state securities regulatory authorities and FINRA from time to time make inquiries and conduct examinations regarding our compliance with securities and other laws and regulations. We cooperate with such inquiries and examinations and take corrective action when warranted. 
 Environmental Laws and Regulations 
 As an owner and operator of real property in many jurisdictions, we are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations in such jurisdictions. Inherent in such ownership and operation is also the risk that there may be environmental liabilities and costs in connection with any required remediation of such properties. In addition, we hold equity interests in companies that could potentially be subject to environmental liabilities. We routinely have environmental assessments performed with respect to real estate being acquired for investment and real property to be acquired through foreclosure. Unexpected environmental liabilities may arise. However, based on information currently available to us, we believe that any costs associated with compliance with environmental laws and regulations or any remediation of such properties will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Management of Climate Risks 
 The topic of climate risk has come under increased scrutiny by insurance regulators. The NYDFS issued a circular letter in September 2020 stating that it expects foreign authorized insurers, to integrate financial risks related to climate change into their governance frameworks, risk management processes, business strategies and scenario analysis, and develop their approach to climate related financial disclosure. 
 On November 15, 2021, the NYDFS issued final guidance for New York domestic insurers, stating that such insurers are expected to manage financial risks from climate change by taking actions that are proportionate to the nature, scale and complexity of their businesses. For instance, insurers should incorporate climate risk into their financial risk management and address this risk through their enterprise risk management functions. As of August 15, 2022, New York domestic insurers should have implemented certain corporate governance changes and developed plans to implement the organizational structure changes (e.g., defining roles and responsibilities related to managing climate risk). With respect to implementing additional changes (e.g., reflecting climate risks in the ORSA and using scenario analysis when developing business strategies), insurers are encouraged to work on these changes, although the NYDFS will issue further guidance with more specific timelines. 
 The NYDFS also adopted an amendment to the regulation governing enterprise risk management, applicable to New York domestic and foreign authorized insurers, which requires an insurance group s enterprise risk management function to address certain additional risks, including climate change risk. 
 In addition, the Federal Insurance Office FIO is authorized to monitor the U.S. insurance industry under Dodd- Frank. In furtherance of President Biden s Executive Order on Climate-Related Financial Risk, dated May 20, 2021, the FIO sought public comment on climate-related financial risks in the insurance industry. The FIO is assessing how the insurance sector may mitigate climate risks and help achieve national climate-related goals. 
 The SEC is also continuing its focus on climate, and environmental, social and governance ESG risks and opportunities and has published its rulemaking list which contains several ESG-related rulemakings that the SEC is considering. 
 On March 21, 2022, the SEC proposed rules requiring registrants to provide additional climate-related information in their registration statements and annual reports, including in their financial statements. The proposal sets forth proposed rules for disclosure of climate-related risks, material impacts, governance, risk management, financial statement metrics, greenhouse gas emissions, attestation of emissions disclosures, and targets and goals. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Unclaimed Property 
 We are subject to the laws and regulations of states and other jurisdictions concerning identification, reporting and escheatment of unclaimed or abandoned funds, and are subject to audit and examination for compliance with these requirements. See Insurance Regulation Insurance Regulatory Examinations and Other Activities, which references a consent order. See also Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 London Interbank Offered Rate 
 The Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), the United Kingdom U.K. regulator of London Interbank Offered Rates LIBOR ), and the Intercontinental Exchange ICE Benchmark Administration, the administrator of LIBOR, have announced the cessation dates for the publication of all U.S. Dollar and non-U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings. The cessation dates of many of these settings have occurred and the cessation date of the remaining U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings (overnight and one-, three-, six- and 12-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR) will occur on June 30, 2023. The FCA has proposed that the ICE Benchmark Administration continue publication of one-, three- and six-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings on a synthetic, or non-representative, basis through the end of September, 2024. 
 We use LIBOR and other interbank offered rates as interest reference rates in many of our financial instruments. The transition of our existing LIBOR contracts to alternative reference rates, including the adequacy of LIBOR fallback provisions in such contracts, whether, how, and when we and others develop and adopt alternative reference rates, the availability of synthetic LIBOR and the applicability of U.S. legislative remedies that address LIBOR transaction risk for various legacy U.S. Dollar LIBOR contracts, will influence the effect of any changes to or discontinuation of LIBOR on us. We continue to identify, assess and monitor market and regulatory developments, assess agreement terms, and evaluate operational readiness related to the transition. The SEC s Division of Examinations (formerly the Office of Compliance Inspections and Examinations) expects to assess registrants efforts to prepare for LIBOR discontinuation and their transition to alternatives. We actively participate in the New York Federal Reserve Bank convened Alternative Reference Rate Committee and other industry association efforts on the transition to alternative reference rates. The Company utilized the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ISDA 2020 IBOR Fallbacks Protocol to address the transition from LIBOR and other interbank offered rates to other risk-free rates in its OTC bilateral ISDA derivatives contracts. We also monitor the Financial Accounting Standards Board s, International Accounting Standards Board s, and U.S. Treasury Department s updates on the accounting and tax implications of reference rate reform. In March 2022, federal legislation was enacted to address, for U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings scheduled to cease being published at the end of June 2023, the transition to alternative reference rates for all U.S. law governed contracts with non-existent or inadequate U.S. Dollar LIBOR fallback provisions. Except with respect to the one-week and two-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR tenors, the federal legislation supersedes all state law addressing the U.S. Dollar LIBOR transition, including legislation enacted in New York in 2021. The Federal Reserve Board adopted regulations in December 2022 that implement this legislation by identifying benchmark rates based on Term SOFR that will automatically replace LIBOR in specified financial contracts after June 30, 2023. The regulation authorizes specified determining persons to select a benchmark replacement and substitutes a Federal Reserve Board-specified replacement where a determining person does not select a workable benchmark replacement by at least June 30, 2023. Each Federal Reserve Board-specified replacement in the regulation incorporates spread adjustments. We continue to assess current and alternative reference rates merits, limitations, risks and suitability for our investment and insurance processes. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Any or each of the events described below may (or may continue to) adversely affect the global economy, global financial markets, our reputation, our regulatory, customer, or other relationships, our results of operations, our liquidity or cash flows, our statutory capital position, our ability to meet our obligations, our credit and financial strength ratings, or our financial condition. The effects may vary depending on timing, product, market, region or segment. 
 Many of these risks are interrelated and could occur under similar business and economic conditions, and the occurrence of any of them may cause others to emerge or worsen. Such combinations could materially increase the severity of the cumulative or separate impact of these risks. 
 These risk factors do not describe all potential risks that could affect us. You should carefully consider the risk factors together with other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Business, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, and other reports and materials we submit to the SEC. 
 Economic Environment and Capital Markets Risks 
 We May Face Difficult Economic Conditions 
 Market factors, including interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices, derivative prices and availability, real estate conditions, foreign currency exchange rates, consumer and government spending, government default or spending reductions to avoid default, business investment, climate change, public health risks, volatility, disruptions and strength of the capital markets, deflation and inflation, and government actions in response thereto, may inhibit revenue growth, reduce investment opportunities and result in investment losses, derivative losses, changes in insurance liabilities, impairments, increased valuation allowances, increases in reserves, reduced net investment income and changes in unrealized gain or loss positions. 
 Higher unemployment, changes to inflation, lower family income, lower corporate earnings, greater government regulation, lower business investment, lower consumer spending, elevated incidence of claims, adverse utilization of benefits relative to our best estimate expectations, lapses or surrenders of policies, reduced demand for our products, and deferred or canceled payments of insurance premiums may negatively affect our earnings and capitalization. 
 Declining equity or debt markets may decrease the account value of our products, reducing certain fees generated by these products, which may increase the level of insurance liabilities we carry. Additionally, higher or lower interest rates may impact the value and/or reduce returns in fixed income investments. 
 Public Health Risks 
 Pandemics and other public health issues, and governmental, business, and consumer reactions to them, have affected and may continue to affect economic conditions. They have and may continue to cause illnesses and deaths, changes in consumer or business confidence, behavior and investment and business activity, changes to interest rates and other market risk factors, and governmental or other restrictions on economic activity for prolonged periods. Any of these issues may cause or exacerbate any of the difficult economic conditions we describe in these risk factors. 
 Interest Rate Risks 
 Some of our products and investments expose us to interest rate risks, including changes in the difference between short-term and long-term interest rates, which may reduce or eliminate our investment spread and net income. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Interest rate increases may harm our profitability. During rapidly increasing interest rates, we may not be able to replace the investments in our general account with higher yielding investments needed to fund the higher crediting rates required to stay competitive. This could result in a lower spread, lower profitability, decreased sales, and greater loss of existing contracts and related assets. In addition, policy loans, surrenders and withdrawals may increase as policyholders seek investments with higher perceived returns. This may result in cash outflows requiring the sale of investments on less favorable terms, resulting in investment losses and reductions in net income. Reductions in net income may in turn harm our credit instrument covenants and rating agency assessment of our financial condition. Interest rate increases may harm the value of our investment portfolio, for example, by decreasing the estimated fair value of fixed income securities, and may increase our daily settlement payments on interest rate futures and cleared swaps, resulting in increased cash outflows and liquidity needs. Furthermore, if interest rates rise, our unrealized gains on fixed income securities may decrease and our unrealized losses may increase. We would recognize the accumulated change in estimated fair value of these fixed income securities in net income when we realize a gain or loss upon the sale of the security or we determine that the decline in estimated fair value is due to a credit loss. During inflationary periods with rising interest rates, the value of fixed income investments falls which could increase realized and unrealized losses, resulting in additional deferred tax assets that may not be realizable. Finally, an increase in interest rates may decrease fee income associated with a decline in the value of variable annuity account balances invested in fixed income funds. 
 The rapidly rising interest rate environment may cause our interest maintenance reserve IMR balance to decrease or become negative because of our bond sales at a capital loss. Current statutory accounting guidance requires the non-admittance of negative IMR. If our IMR balance becomes negative, our surplus and financial strength may not be captured in the Consolidated Financial Statements due to lower surplus and RBC ratios. The NAIC is considering whether the allowance of a negative IMR balance in statutory accounting should be permitted, although the outcome of this initiative is uncertain. 
 Federal Reserve Board monetary policy (and that of other central banks) may also impact the pricing levels of risk-bearing investments and may harm our investment income or product sales. 
 The measures we take to mitigate the risks of investing in a changing interest rate environment, such as mitigating our fixed income investments relative to our interest rate sensitive liabilities, may not be sufficient. For some of our liability portfolios, we may not be able to invest assets at the full liability duration, thereby creating some asset/liability mismatch. 
 Low interest rates and risk asset returns may reduce income from our investment portfolio, increase our liabilities for claims and future benefits, and increase the cost of risk transfer measures, decreasing our profit margins. During certain market events, such as a global credit crisis, a market downturn, or sustained low market returns, we may incur significant losses due to, among other reasons, losses incurred in our general account and the impact of guarantees, including increases in liabilities, capital maintenance obligations and collateral requirements. In addition, during periods of sustained lower interest rates, we may need to reinvest proceeds from certain investments at lower yields, reducing our investment spread. Moreover, borrowers may prepay or redeem the fixed income securities and loans in our investment portfolio with greater frequency. Although we may be able to lower interest crediting rates to help offset decreases in spreads, our ability to lower these rates is limited to our products that have adjustable interest crediting rates, which could be limited by competition or contractually guaranteed minimum rates and may not match the timing or magnitude of changes in asset yields. As a result, our investment spread may decrease or become negative. Reductions in net income from these factors may in turn harm our credit instrument covenants or rating agency assessment of our financial condition. 
 During periods of declining interest rates, life insurance and annuity products may be more attractive investments to consumers, resulting in increased premium payments on certain products, repayment of policy loans and increased persistency, while our new investments carry lower returns. A market interest rate decline could also reduce our return on investments that do not support particular policy obligations. During periods of sustained lower interest rates, we may need to increase our reserves. 
 Credit Spread Risks 
 Changes in credit spreads may result in market price volatility and cash flow variability. Market price volatility can make valuations of our securities difficult if trading becomes less frequent, which may require us to add to our reserves. Market volatility may cause changes in credit spreads, defaults and a lack of pricing transparency. An increase in credit spreads relative to U.S. Treasury benchmarks may increase our borrowing costs and decrease certain product fee income. A sustained decrease in credit spreads could reduce the yield on our future investments. The discount rate used to calculate liabilities for future policy benefits includes a component for market credit spreads. Changes in market credit spreads could result in volatility to liabilities for future policy benefits. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Equity Risks 
 Downturns and volatility in equity markets may harm our savings and investment products revenues and investment returns, where fee income is earned based upon the fair value of our managed assets. Our variable annuity business is highly sensitive to equity markets, and a sustained weakness or stagnation in the equity markets may decrease these products revenues and earnings. Furthermore, certain of our variable annuity products offer guaranteed benefits that increase our potential benefit exposure should equity markets decline or stagnate. 
 The timing of distributions from and valuations of our investments in leveraged buy-out funds, hedge funds and other private equity funds depends on the performance of the underlying investments, distribution schedules, and the funds need for cash. The amount of net investment income from these investments can vary substantially from period to period and significant volatility may harm our returns and net investment income. In addition, downturns or volatility in the equity markets may decrease the estimated fair value of our alternative investments and equity securities. 
 Real Estate Risks 
 Changes in leasable commercial space supply and demand, pandemics and other public health issues, creditworthiness of tenants and partners, capital markets volatility, interest rate fluctuations, commodity prices, farm incomes, housing and commercial property market conditions, and real estate investment supply and demand may adversely impact our investments in commercial, agricultural and residential mortgage loans, and real estate equity investments including joint ventures. 
 Political, Obligor and Counterparty Risks 
 Our general account investments could be adversely affected by volatility resulting from economic and political concerns, as well as volatility in specific sectors. The federal government may face budget deficits and other financial difficulties, which may harm the value of securities we hold issued by the federal government. One of the most serious threats facing the U.S. economy is the disagreement over the federal debt limit which, if not addressed in the coming months, could lead to a default on the federal debt, adverse market impact and a recession this year. 
 The issuers or guarantors of fixed income securities and mortgage loans we own may default on principal and interest payments they owe us. Additionally, the change in value of underlying collateral within asset-backed securities ABS ), including mortgage-backed securities, may result in a default on principal and interest payments, reducing our cash flows. The occurrence of a major economic downturn, acts of corporate malfeasance, widening credit spreads, or other adverse events may reduce the estimated fair value of our portfolio of fixed income securities and mortgage loans and increase the default rate of the fixed income securities and mortgage loans in our investment portfolio. 
 Many of our transactions with counterparties such as brokers and dealers, central clearinghouses, commercial banks, investment banks, hedge funds, investment funds, reinsurers and other financial institutions expose us to the risk of counterparty default. Such credit risk may be exacerbated if we cannot realize on the collateral held by us in secured transactions or cannot liquidate such collateral at prices sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to us. Furthermore, potential action by governments and regulatory bodies, such as controlling investment, nationalization, conservatorship, receivership and other intervention, or lack of action by governments and central banks, as well as deterioration in the banks credit standing, could negatively impact these instruments, securities, transactions and investments or limit our ability to trade with them. These may cause losses or impairments to the carrying value of our investments. 
 Our efforts to manage our total exposure to a single counterparty or limited number of counterparties within or among any of our investment, derivative, treasury, and reinsurance relationships, which we adjust from time to time, may not completely or adequately mitigate counterparty risks. 
 Derivatives Risks 
 If our counterparties, clearing brokers or central clearinghouses fail or refuse to honor their obligations under our derivatives agreements, our risks may not be fully hedged. A counterparty, clearing broker, or central clearinghouse may become insolvent or otherwise unable or unwilling to make payments or to return collateral under the terms of derivatives agreements, increasing our costs. If the net estimated fair value of a derivative to which we are a party declines, we may need to pledge additional collateral or make increased payments. In addition, we may face increased costs to the extent we replace counterparties who suffer financial difficulties. Furthermore, our derivatives valuations may change based on changes to our valuation methodology or errors in such valuation or valuation methodology. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 We May Not Meet Our Liquidity Needs, Access Capital, or May Face Significantly Increased Cost of Capital Due to Adverse Capital and Credit Market Conditions 
 In cases of volatility, disruption, or other conditions in global financial markets we may have to seek additional financing, the availability and cost of which could be adversely affected by market conditions, regulatory considerations, availability of credit to our industry generally, our credit ratings and credit capacity, reduced business activity, or investment losses, and the perception of our financial prospects. Our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. We may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing we need on favorable terms or at all. We may be required to return significant amounts of cash collateral on short notice under securities lending or derivatives agreements or post collateral or make payments related to specified counterparty agreements. 
 Our business and financial results may suffer without sufficient liquidity through impaired ability to pay claims, other operating expenses, interest on our debt, maintain our securities lending, replace certain maturing liabilities, and sustain our operations and investments. Capital and credit market volatility may limit our access to capital we need to operate, limiting our ability to raise capital, issue the types of securities we would prefer, timely replace maturing liabilities, satisfy regulatory requirements, and access capital to grow our business, any of which could decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial flexibility. 
 MetLife, Inc. May Be Unable to Access Its Credit Facility, Reducing Our Liquidity and Leading to Downgrades in Credit and Financial Strength Ratings 
 MetLife, Inc. may fail to comply with or fulfill all conditions under the unsecured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility MetLife, Inc. and MetLife Funding, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company MetLife Funding ), maintain. Lenders may fail to fund their lending commitments under the Credit Facility due to insolvency, illiquidity or other reasons. This could limit our affiliates in supporting our liquidity. 
 We May Lose Business Due to a Downgrade or a Potential Downgrade in Financial Strength or Credit Ratings 
 Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations NRSROs and others may, at any time, downgrade MetLife, Inc. s or our financial strength ratings or credit ratings, lower MetLife, Inc. s or our ratings outlooks, increase the scope or frequency of their reviews, or increase capital or other requirements to maintain ratings. Such changes could reduce our product sales, reduce cash flows from funding agreements and other capital market products, and force us to change product pricing and increase our financing costs, policy surrenders or withdrawals, collateral requirements, risk of derivative terminations, cost of reinsurance, regulatory scrutiny, or various other factors. 
 We May Not Find Available, Affordable or Adequate Reinsurance to Protect Us Against Losses 
 Reinsurers may increase our reinsurance costs, or may decline to offer us reinsurance, due to policy changes related to pandemics or other public health issues (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), market conditions, or other factors. Our risk of loss may increase if we decrease the amount of our reinsurance. Any of these could harm our ability to write future business or result in the assumption of more risk with respect to the policies we issue. 
 We may incur costs as a result of a reinsurer s insolvency, inability or unwillingness to make payments, or inability or unwillingness to maintain collateral. 
 Our Statutory Life Insurance Reserve Financings Costs May Increase, and We May Find Limited Market Capacity for New Financings 
 If our ratings decline, market capacity is limited, or on other repricing occasions, our costs to finance statutory life insurance reserves may increase. If regulators disallow assets to back statutory reserves, we would not be able to take some or all related statutory reserve credit, which may harm our statutory capitalization. 
 Regulatory and Legal Risks 
 Changes in Laws or Regulation, or in Supervisory and Enforcement Policies, May Reduce Our Profitability, Limit Our Growth, or Otherwise Adversely Affect Us 
 Insurance or other regulators may change licensing, permit, or approval requirements, or take other actions harmful to us. They may also take actions that harm our customers and independent sales intermediaries or their operations, which may affect our business relationships with them and their ability to purchase or distribute our products. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Governments may change regulation of financial services, insurance, variable annuities and variable life insurance, securities, derivatives, health care, accounting, cybersecurity, privacy and data protection, tort reform legislation, taxation, benefit plan investment advice and related fiduciary duties, antitrust as applied to the business of health insurance or otherwise, and other areas. Laws and regulations may also affect customers, sales intermediaries, or others. We or others may fail to comply with these requirements or suffer adverse regulatory examinations or audits. Regulators may also interpret rules differently from the way we have, or change interpretations of laws or rules, and legislators may change statutes. Any of these changes may harm our ability to continue to offer the products we do today or to introduce new products. 
 We may incur costs to comply with laws and regulations and changes to these laws and regulations may increase our expenses or require us to increase our reserves or change the assets we hold to cover those reserves. Our failure to comply with our own policies or with regulatory requirements may harm our reputation or result in sanctions or legal claims. 
 Solvency standards compliance may increase our capital and reserve requirements, risk management costs, and reporting costs. We may be subject to enhanced capital standards, supervision and additional requirements, such as group capital standards or insurer capital standards. 
 Regulators have reacted and may continue to react to pandemics and other public health issues (such as the COVID-19 pandemic). They may require no lapse in policy coverage regardless of whether we receive premiums or are able to assess fees against policyholder account balances. They may extend insurance coverage beyond our policy or contract terms and may impose premium grace periods, suspend cancellations, lower or freeze premium rates, allow non-contractual withdrawals, and extend proof of loss deadlines, including retroactively, exposing us to risks and costs we are unable to foresee or underwrite. We may also adopt customer accommodations, such as waiving exclusions, forgoing rate increases or implementing lower rate increases than we would otherwise, relaxing claim documentation requirements, relaxing eligibility criteria, granting premium credits, or other accommodations for customers experiencing economic or other distress. Regulators may restrict our underwriting on public policy or other grounds, excluding factors such as exposure, quarantine, infection, and association with others suffering public health-related effects. 
 Governmental bodies may delay acting on or implementing regulatory or policy changes due to pandemics or other public health issues, or because they are attending to pandemic or public health issues rather than to other topics. This may increase uncertainty, prolong deleterious regulations and policies, delay or prevent beneficial regulatory or policy changes, and create the potential for later, more rapid changes to which we find it more difficult to adjust. 
 Our New York insurance regulator s annual SCL for year-end asset adequacy testing may impose unforeseen assumptions or requirements that require us to increase or release reserves, which could affect our statutory capital and surplus. 
 Governments or Others May Increase our Taxes by Changing or Re-Interpreting Tax Laws, Making Some of Our Products Less Attractive to Consumers 
 Changes in tax laws or interpretations of such laws could increase our corporate taxes, reduce our earnings, and adjust the value of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. Changes may increase our effective tax rate or have implications that make our products less attractive to consumers. Tax authorities may enact laws, change regulations to increase existing taxes, or add new types of taxes, and authorities who have not imposed taxes in the past may impose taxes. 
 Customers shifting away from employee benefits, life insurance and annuity contracts, or other tax-preferred products would reduce our income from these products and our asset base, reducing our earnings and potentially affecting the value of our deferred tax assets. 
 We May Face Increasing Litigation and Regulatory Investigations 
 Legal or regulatory actions, inquiries or investigations, whether ongoing or yet to come, could harm our reputation, ability to attract or retain customers or our Associates, business, financial condition, or results of operations, even if we ultimately prevail. Regulators or private parties may bring class actions, individual suits, or investigations seeking large recoveries and alleging wrongs relating to sales or underwriting practices, claims payments and procedures, failure to adequately or appropriately supervise, inappropriate compensation contrary to licensing requirements, product design, disclosure, administration, investments, denial or delay of benefits, pandemic- or other public health-related practices (such as those related to the COVID-19 pandemic), data security incidents, discriminatory or inequitable practices, and breaches of fiduciary or other duties. We may be unable to anticipate the outcome of a litigation and the amount or range of loss because we do not know how adversaries, fact finders, courts, regulators, or others will evaluate evidence, the law, or accounting principles, and whether they will do so differently than we have. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 We May Face Changes to Interest Rates, the Value of our Financial Instruments, the Competitiveness of our Products, the Performance of our Investments, and our Relationships Due to LIBOR s Discontinuation and the Uncertainties in Our Transition to Alternative Reference Rates 
 The FCA, the U.K. regulator of LIBOR, and the ICE Benchmark Administration, the administrator of LIBOR, have announced the publication cessation dates for all U.S. Dollar and non-U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings. Most settings ceased at the end of December 2021 and the remaining U.S. Dollar settings (overnight and one-, three-, six- and 12-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR) will cease at the end of June 2023. The FCA has proposed that the ICE Benchmark Administration continue publication of one-, three- and six-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings on a synthetic, or non-representative, basis through the end of September, 2024. We continue to actively transition to the alternative reference rates. Differences between LIBOR and the applicable alternative reference rates may impact the value of, return on, and markets for, a broad array of our products, our financial instruments, the instruments in which we invest, or interest rates on our borrowing or debt. The effects on our business and investments will vary depending on the transition of our existing LIBOR contracts to alternative reference rates, including the adequacy of LIBOR fallback provisions in such contracts, whether, how, and when industry participants adopt alternative reference rates for new products or instruments, the availability of synthetic LIBOR and the applicability of U.S. legislative remedies that address LIBOR transition risk for various legacy U.S. Dollar LIBOR contracts. Uncertainty regarding the continued use and reliability of LIBOR, regarding the calculation of the applicable interest rate or payment amount depending on the terms of the governing instruments, or regarding the application or effectiveness of alternative reference rates, could increase our costs, reduce the value of such instruments, or impair our cash or derivative positions. We may not effectively hedge or manage risks from differences among applicable alternative reference rates or timing of when such rates take effect. 
 We may fail to adequately prepare for or react to LIBOR discontinuation and replacement, or fail to fully protect ourselves from all the effects of such changes. We may also fail to manage adequately any transition to alternative reference rates in a way that maintains the competitiveness of our products and the performance of our investment portfolio. Our transition may not effectively protect other aspects of our business, such as our operations and the accuracy of the financial models and valuations we use to gauge our risks, for financial reporting, or other purposes. 
 Any such uncertainties or ineffective management may harm our reputation, our relationships with our customers, or regulators, our financial condition, and our business operations. 
 Our Efforts to Meet Environmental, Social, and Governance Standards and to Enhance the Sustainability of our Businesses May Not Meet Regulators' or Customers Expectations 
 Our regulators, customers, or others may evaluate our practices by ESG criteria that are continually evolving and not always clear or readily measurable. These standards and expectations may also, as a whole, reflect contrasting or conflicting values or agendas. Our efforts to conduct our business in accordance with some or all these expectations may involve trade-offs. In June 2022, MetLife announced its goal to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions for its global operations and general account investment portfolio by 2050 or sooner. MetLife is reorienting its climate commitments to advance this goal, which involves assumptions and expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. We may fail to meet our commitments or targets. Customers and potential customers may be prohibited or choose not to do business with us based on our sustainability practices and related policies and actions. We may face adverse regulatory, media, or public scrutiny leading to business, reputational, or legal challenges. 
 Investment Risks 
 We May Face Defaults, Downgrades, Volatility or Other Events That Adversely Affect the Investments We Hold 
 In case of a major economic downturn, U.S. government default (or threatened default), acts of corporate malfeasance, widening credit risk spreads, ratings downgrades or other events, our estimated fair value of our fixed income securities and loan portfolios and corresponding earnings may decline, and the default rate of our investment portfolio may increase. These changes could harm the issuers or guarantors of securities or the underlying collateral of structured securities that we hold. We may have to hold more capital to support our securities to maintain our RBC levels if securities we hold suffer a ratings downgrade. Our intent to sell, or our assessment of the likelihood that we will be required to sell, fixed income securities may increase our write-downs or impairments. Our realized losses or impairments on these securities may harm our net income. 
 The default rate, loss severity or other performance of our mortgage loan investments may change. Any concentration of our mortgage loans by geography, tenancy or property type may have an adverse effect on our investment portfolio, the prices we can obtain when we sell assets, and our results of operations or financial condition. Legislation or regulations that would allow or require modifications to the terms of, or impact the value of, mortgage loans or other investments could harm our investment portfolio. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Pandemics and other major public health issues (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) have affected and may continue to affect financial markets and our investment portfolio. These may continue to contribute to our risk of investment defaults, downgrades and volatility, and lower variable investment income and returns, and may cause or exacerbate any of the investment risks we describe in these risk factors. 
 Market volatility affects the value of or return on our investments. It may slow or prevent us from reacting to market events as effectively as we otherwise could. When we sell our investment holdings, we may not receive the prices we seek, and may sell at a price lower than our carrying value, due to reduced liquidity during periods of market volatility or disruption, or other reasons. Borrowers may delay or fail to pay principal and interest when due, or may demand loan modifications. Tenants may delay paying rent, or fail to pay it, or demand lease modifications. We may face moratoriums on foreclosures and other enforcement actions impairments, and loan or lease modifications, due to government action or market conditions. We may also encounter credit spread changes, increasing our borrowing costs and decreasing our product fee income. Issuer or guarantor default rates may increase. 
 We May Have Difficulty Selling Holdings in Our Investment Portfolio or in Our Securities Lending Program in a Timely Manner to Realize Their Full Value 
 When we sell holdings in our investment portfolio, we may not receive the price we seek and may sell at a price lower than our carrying value. We may face unfavorable conditions in privately-placed fixed income securities, private structured credit, certain derivative instruments, mortgage loans, policy loans, direct financing and leveraged leases, other limited partnership interests, tax credit and renewable energy partnerships, and real estate equity, including real estate joint ventures and funds. Our investments may suffer reduced liquidity during periods of market volatility or disruption or for other reasons. In addition, central banks' efforts to provide market liquidity or otherwise address market conditions may not be successful or sufficient. We may realize losses that harm our financial metrics, which could harm our compliance with our credit requirements and rating agency capital adequacy measures. 
 We may face similar risks if we are required under our securities lending program to return significant amounts of cash collateral that we have invested. Our securities lending activities and profitability may decrease. 
 We May Have to Pledge Collateral or Make Payments in Derivatives Transactions 
 We may have to pledge additional collateral and increase payments we make under our derivatives transactions. Regulators, clearinghouses, or counterparties may restrict or eliminate eligible collateral, increase our collateral requirements, or charge us to pledge such collateral, which would increase our costs, reduce our investment income, and harm our liquidity. 
 We May Change Our Securities and Investments Valuation, or Take Allowances and Impairments on Our Investments, or Change Our Methodologies, Estimations, and Assumptions 
 During periods of market disruption or rapidly changing market conditions, such as significantly rising or high interest rates, rapidly widening credit spreads or illiquidity, or infrequent trading, or when market data is limited, our assets may become less liquid. We may base our asset valuations on less observable and more subjective judgments, assumptions, or methods that may result in estimated fair values that significantly vary by period, and may exceed the investment s sale price. The estimated fair value of our securities may also decrease due to changes in valuation methods and assumptions. 
 Business Risks 
 Our Actual Claims or Other Results May Differ From Our Estimates, Assumptions, or Models 
 If our actual claims experience is less favorable than the underlying underwriting, reserving, and other assumptions we used in establishing claim liabilities, we could be required to reduce value of business acquired VOBA ), increase our liabilities, or incur higher costs. 
 The amounts that we will ultimately pay to settle our liabilities, particularly when those payments may not occur until well into the future, may vary from what we expect. We may change our liability assumptions and increase our liabilities based on actual experience and accounting requirements. Our operating practices and procedures that support our policyholders and contractholder obligation assumptions, such as obtaining, accumulating, and filtering data, and our use of technology, such as database analysis and electronic communications, may affect our reserve estimates. If these practices and procedures do not accurately produce the data to support our assumptions or cause us to change our assumptions, or if enhanced technological tools become available to us, we may change those assumptions and procedures, as well as our reserves. If any of our operating practices and procedures do not accurately produce, or reproduce, data that we use to conduct any or all aspects of our business, such deviations or errors may negatively impact our business, reputation, results of operations, or financial condition. We may change our assumptions, models, or reserves due to changes in longevity. Increases in the prevalence and accuracy of genetic testing, or restrictions on its use, may exacerbate adverse selection risks. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Pandemics and other public health issues (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) have caused and may continue to cause increased claims under many of our policies (for example, life, disability, leave, long-term care, major medical and supplemental health products), raising our resulting costs. Governments or others may fail to produce accurate population and impact data that we use in our estimates, assumptions, models, or reserves, such as death rates, infections, morbidity, hospitalization, or illness. This may cause or exacerbate any of the risks related to our estimates or assumptions. Pandemics and other public health issues may cause related or consequential long-term economic, social, political, policy, regulatory, business, demographic, or other changes to our claims or other areas subject to estimates, assumptions, models, or reserves. We may not accurately predict, prepare, and adjust to these changes. 
 We May Face Competition for Business 
 Competitive pressures, based on a number of factors including service, product features, scale, price, financial strength, claims-paying ratings, credit ratings, e-business capabilities, name recognition, performance against ESG metrics, technology, adaptation in light of pandemics and other public health issues, changes in regulation and taxes, and other factors, may adversely affect the persistency of our products and our ability to sell products in the future. We may be harmed by competition from other insurance companies, as well as non-insurance financial services companies, which may have a broader array of products, more competitive pricing, higher claims paying ability ratings, greater financial resources with which to compete, or pre-existing customer bases for financial services products. Additionally, we may lose purchasers of group insurance products that are underwritten annually due to more favorable terms from competitors. 
 We May Face Catastrophes That Affect Liabilities for Policyholder Claims and Reinsurance Availability 
 Catastrophic events could increase claims, impair assets in or otherwise harm our investment portfolio, and could harm our reinsurers financial condition, increasing reinsurance defaults. Pandemics and other public health issues or other events may cause a large number of illnesses or deaths. An event that affects the workforce of one or more of our customers could increase our mortality or morbidity claims. Governmental and non-governmental organizations may not effectively mitigate catastrophes' effects. We may also be called upon to make contributions to guaranty associations or similar organizations as a result of catastrophes. 
 We May Face Direct or Indirect Effects of Climate Change or Responses to It 
 Climate change may increase the frequency and severity of short-, medium-, or long-term weather-related disasters, public health incidents, and pandemics, and their effects may increase over time. Climate change regulation may harm the value of investments we hold or harm our counterparties, including reinsurers, or increase our compliance costs. Our regulators may also increasingly focus their examinations on our management of climate-related risks. 
 We May Need to Fund Deficiencies in Our Closed Block, and May Not Re-Allocate Closed Block Assets 
 The closed block assets established in connection with our demutualization, cash flows, and revenue from the closed block policies may not be sufficient to provide for the policies guaranteed benefits. If they are not, we must fund the shortfall. We may choose, for competitive or other reasons, to support policyholder dividend payments with our general account funds. Such actions may reduce funds otherwise available for other uses. 
 We May Be Required to Impair VOBA, VODA or VOCRA 
 Adverse changes to investment returns, mortality, morbidity, persistency, interest crediting rates, dividends paid to policyholders, expenses to administer the business, creditworthiness of reinsurance counterparties, significant or sustained equity market declines, significant changes to bond spreads, and certain other economic variables, such as inflation, could cause an impairment of the value of distribution agreements acquired VODA ), VOBA or the value of customer relationships acquired VOCRA ). We may accelerate amortization or impair these assets in the period these occur. 
 We May Face Volatility, Higher Risk Management Costs, and Increased Counterparty Risk Due to Guarantees Within Certain of Our Products 
 Our liabilities for guaranteed benefits, including but not limited to no-lapse guarantee benefits, guaranteed minimum death benefits, guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits, guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits, guaranteed minimum income benefits, and minimum crediting rate features could increase if equity or fixed income funds decline or become more volatile, or interest rates remain low or decrease. 
 Our derivatives and other risk management strategies to hedge our economic exposure to these liabilities may harm our results. Our use of reinsurance, derivatives, or other risk management techniques may not sufficiently offset the costs of guarantees or protect us against losses from changes in policyholder behavior, mortality, or market events. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Policyholders may also change their behavior in unexpected ways. For example, policyholders and contractholders seeking liquidity due to economic uncertainty or challenges may withdraw or surrender, change their premium payment practices, exercise product options, or take other actions at rates different from those we expect. 
 Operational Risks 
 Our Risk Management Policies and Procedures, or Our Models, May Leave Us Exposed to Unidentified or Unanticipated Risk 
 Our enterprise risk management and business continuity policies and procedures may not be sufficiently comprehensive and may not identify or adequately protect us from every risk to which we are exposed. 
 Pandemics and other public health issues (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), and authorities and people s reactions thereto, have resulted in and may continue to result in remote, hybrid and/or flexible office working arrangements and other unusual conditions. These may strain our risk management and our business continuity plans, introduce or increase our operational and cybersecurity risks, and otherwise impair our ability to manage our business. They may increase the frequency and sophistication of attempts at unauthorized access to our technology systems. They may hinder our efforts to prevent money-laundering or other fraud, whether due to limited abilities to know our customers, strains on our programs to avoid and deter foreign corrupt practices, or otherwise, and may increase both our compliance costs and our risk of violations. 
 The assumptions, projections and data on which our risk management models are based may be inaccurate, and our models may not be suitable for their purpose, be misused, not operate properly, and contain errors. Our decisions and model adjustments, including determination of reserves, are based on such model output and reports and may be flawed. We may fail to identify or remediate model errors adequately. Our models may not fully predict future exposures or correctly reflect past experience. 
 Our evaluation of markets, clients, catastrophe occurrence or other matters may not always be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. We may not effectively identify and monitor all risks or appropriately limit our exposures and our Associates, vendors or non-employee sales agents may not follow our risk management policies and procedures. Past or future misconduct by our Associates, vendors or non-employee sales agents could result in investigations, violations of law, regulatory sanctions, and litigation. We may have to implement more extensive or different risk management policies and procedures due to legal and regulatory requirements. 
 Our Policies and Procedures May Be Insufficient to Protect Us From Operational Risks 
 We may make errors in any of the large number of transactions we process through our complex administrative systems. Our controls and procedures to prevent such errors may not be effective. Our controls and procedures to comply with and enforce contractual obligations may not always be effective. Mistakes can subject us to claims from our customers. 
 If we are unable to obtain necessary and accurate information from our customers or their employees, we may be unable to provide or verify coverage and pay claims, or we may pay claims without sufficient documentation. 
 Pandemics and other public health issues (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) have increased, and may continue to increase, our administrative expenses and have impacted the reliability and efficacy of our operational processes. They may affect our Associates, agents, brokers and distribution partners, vendors, other service providers and counterparties. We may have difficulties conducting our business, including continued challenges in selling some of our products, such as those traditionally sold in person. We may face increased workplace safety costs and risks, lose access to critical Associates, and face increased employment-related claims and employee-relations challenges. Any of the third parties to whom we outsource certain critical business activities may fail to perform due to a force majeure or otherwise. 
 The controls of our vendors on whom we rely may not meet our standards or be adequate. Our vendors could fail to perform their services accurately, consistently with applicable law or timely. Our exchange of information with vendors may be imperfect, or our vendors may suffer financial or reputational distress. Each of these may cause errors, misconduct, or discontinuation of services. 
 We may fail to escheat property timely and completely. As a result, we may incur charges, reserve strengthening, and expenses, regulatory examinations, or penalties. 
 Our practices and procedures may, at times, limit our efforts to contact all our customers, which may result in delayed, untimely, or missed customer payments. 
 Our Associates, vendors, non-employee sales agents, customers, or others may commit fraud against us. Our policies and procedures may be ineffective in preventing, detecting or mitigating fraud and other illegal or improper acts. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Notwithstanding our compliance with regulatory and accounting requirements in relation to internal controls and our conclusion that internal control over financial reporting is effective as of the date reported, there is a risk that the Company s internal controls will prove ineffective and significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in internal controls may occur in the future. 
 We May Fail to Protect the Confidentiality and Integrity of Our Data, Including As a Result of a Failure in Our Cybersecurity or Other Information Security Systems or Our Disaster Recovery Plans or Those of Our Vendors 
 Our business is highly dependent upon the effective operation of our information systems, and those of our service providers, vendors, and other third parties. Our business relies on the proper functioning of these systems, including processing claims, transactions and applications, providing information to customers and distributors, performing actuarial analyses, retaining customer and business records and other core business functions. A failure in the security of such systems, use by our Associates or agents of unauthorized tools, software or other technology to communicate with customers or business counterparties or a failure to maintain the security of our internal or external vendors systems, or the confidential information stored thereon, may adversely affect our ability to conduct business, result in regulatory enforcement action and litigation, and harm our results of operations, financial condition and reputation. 
 We, our Associates and our vendors, like other commercial entities, continue to be targeted by or subject to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized or fraudulent access, human errors, ransomware or cyber-attacks, and other breaches of cybersecurity and information security systems. Globally, the frequency, severity and sophistication of cybersecurity incidents have increased, and these trends may continue. While we have implemented, and we require our critical vendors to implement, what we believe to be effective cybersecurity and data protection measures, including a formal risk-based information security program, our efforts to minimize the risk of cyber-incidents and protect our information technology may be insufficient to prevent break-ins, attacks, fraud, security breaches or other unauthorized access to our and our vendors systems, including as a result of software code that contains vulnerabilities that are unknown to us or our vendors that may increase the potential of cyber-attacks or unauthorized access. We may not timely detect such incidents. 
 If we or our vendors fail to prevent, detect, address and mitigate such incidents, we may suffer significant financial and reputational harm. There is no assurance that our security measures or those of our vendors, including information security policies, administrative, technical and physical controls and other actions designed as preventative, will provide fully effective protection from such events. 
 In addition, we routinely transmit, receive and store personal, confidential and proprietary information by electronic means, including customers confidential health-related information. Although we attempt to keep such information confidential and secure, we may be unable to do so in all events, and we or our vendors may also fail to maintain adequate internal controls or comply with relevant policies and procedures designed to ensure the privacy of sensitive data. Such failure may result in our or our vendors intentional or unintentional disclosure or misuse of confidential information, as well as others misappropriation of such confidential information, which could damage our reputation, reduce demand for our products and services and subject us to significant legal and regulatory liability and expenses, which would harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We, our vendors, our reinsurers, and our customers may suffer disasters such as a natural catastrophe, epidemic, pandemic, industrial accident, blackout, computer virus, terrorist attack, ransomware or cyber-attack, or war, and ours or their disaster recovery systems may be insufficient to safeguard our ability to conduct normal business operations, obtain reinsurance and maintain our critical business or information technology systems in such circumstances, particularly if such disasters affect computer-based data processing, transmission, storage and retrieval systems and/or destroy or otherwise adversely impact the confidentiality, integrity or availability of valuable data or the financial wherewithal of reinsurers or vendors. Our ability to conduct business effectively and maintain the security, integrity, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data could be severely compromised if, as a result of such disaster, key personnel are unavailable, or our vendors ability to provide goods and services and our Associates ability to perform their job responsibilities are impaired. We may not carry business interruption insurance sufficient to protect us from all losses that may result from such interruptions, and any insurance for liability, operational and other risks may become less readily available or more expensive in the future. 
 We may not be able to reliably access all the documents and records in the information storage systems we use, whether electronic or physical. We may fail to obtain or maintain all the records we need to administer and establish appropriate reserves for benefits and claims accurately and timely. If a data breach released any of our sensitive financial information, then customers or regulators may develop an inaccurate perception of our financial condition or results of operations. We could be compelled to publicly disclose information prematurely in order to dispel such inaccurate perceptions, or in order to fulfill our disclosure obligations, even if we do not believe the information is yet completely reliable or confirmed per our usual internal controls and disclosure controls. This may result in harm to our reputation. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Regulators or others scrutiny of cybersecurity, including new laws or regulations, could increase our compliance costs and operational burdens, especially as regulatory and legislative focus on cybersecurity matters intensifies. Regulators, customers, or others may act against us for any cybersecurity failures. We also have an increasing challenge of attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel to assist us in combating these security threats. Our continuous technological evaluations and enhancements, including changes designed to update our protective measures, may increase our risk of a breach or gap in our security. We may incur higher costs to comply with laws on, or regulators scrutiny of, our use, collection, management, or transfer of data and other privacy practices. We are continuously evaluating and enhancing our cybersecurity and information security systems and creating new systems and processes. However, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective in preventing or limiting the impact of future cybersecurity incidents. 
 We May Face Changes in Accounting Standards 
 Authorities may change accounting standards that apply to us, and we may adopt changes earlier than required. Changes in accounting rules applicable to our business may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. For a discussion of the impact of accounting pronouncements issued but not yet implemented, see Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Our Associates May Take Excessive Risks 
 Our Associates, including executives and others who manage sales, investments, products, wholesaling, underwriting, and others, may take excessive risks. Our compensation programs and practices, and our other controls, may not effectively deter excessive risk-taking or misconduct. 
 We May Have Difficulty in or Complications from Marketing and Distributing Our Products 
 Our product distributors may suspend, alter, reduce or terminate their distribution relationships with us if we change our strategy, if our business performance declines, as a result of rating agency actions or concerns about market-related risks, or for other reasons. Our distributors may merge, change their business models in ways that affect us, or terminate their distribution contracts with us, and new distribution channels could emerge, harming our distribution efforts. Distributors may try to renegotiate the terms of any existing selling agreements to less favorable terms due to consolidation or other industry changes or for other reasons. Disruption or changes to our relationships with our distributors could harm our ability to market our products. 
 Our Associates or unaffiliated firms or agents may distribute our products in an inappropriate manner, or our customers may not understand them or whether they are suitable. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 See Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 No established public trading market exists for Metropolitan Life Insurance Company s common equity; all of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company s common stock is held by MetLife, Inc. 
 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Index to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Page 
 Forward-Looking Statements and Other Financial Information 
 27 
 Overview 
 27 
 Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates 
 27 
 Results of Operations 
 34 
 Investments 
 40 
 Derivatives 
 54 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 56 
 Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 63 
 Future Adoption of Accounting Pronouncements 
 63 
 Non-GAAP and Other Financial Disclosures 
 63 
 Risk Management 
 64 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements and Other Financial Information 
 For purposes of this discussion, MLIC, the Company, we, our and us refer to Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, a New York corporation incorporated in 1868, and its subsidiaries. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of MetLife, Inc. (MetLife, Inc., together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, MetLife ). Management's narrative analysis of the Company s results of operations is presented pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(a) of Form 10-K. This narrative analysis should be read in conjunction with Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Risk Factors, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk and the Company's consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. 
 This narrative analysis may contain or incorporate by reference information that includes or is based upon forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. See Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for cautionary language regarding forward-looking statements. 
 This narrative analysis includes references to our performance measure, adjusted earnings, that is not based on accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). See Non-GAAP and Other Financial Disclosures for definitions and a discussion of this and other financial measures, and Results of Operations and Investments for reconciliations of historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 
 
 Overview 
 MLIC is a provider of insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management. MLIC is organized into two segments: U.S. and MetLife Holdings. In addition, the Company reports certain of its results of operations in Corporate Other. See Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the Company s segments and Corporate Other. 
 
 Current Market Conditions 
 In the U.S., the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Open Market Committee took various actions in 2022 to promote economic stability and combat inflation, including raising interest rates, although a heightened level of concern about an economic downturn in the U.S. remains. During inflationary periods with rising interest rates, the value of fixed income investments falls which could increase realized and unrealized losses, resulting in additional deferred tax assets that may not be realizable. 
 
 Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to adopt accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported on the Consolidated Financial Statements. For a discussion of our significant accounting policies, see Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The most critical estimates include those used in determining: 
 (i) liabilities for future policy benefits and the accounting for reinsurance; 
 (ii) capitalization and amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs DAC and the establishment and amortization of VOBA; 
 (iii) estimated fair values of investments in the absence of quoted market values; 
 (iv) investment allowance for credit loss ACL and impairments; 
 (v) estimated fair values of freestanding derivatives and the recognition and estimated fair value of embedded derivatives requiring bifurcation; 
 (vi) measurement of employee benefit plan liabilities; 
 (vii) measurement of income taxes and the valuation of deferred tax assets; and 
 (viii) liabilities for litigation and regulatory matters. 
 
 In applying these policies and estimates, management makes subjective and complex judgments that frequently require assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. Many of these policies, estimates and related judgments are common in the insurance and financial services industries; others are specific to our business and operations. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Liability for Future Policy Benefits 
 Generally, future policy benefits are payable over an extended period of time and related liabilities are calculated as the present value of future expected benefits to be paid, reduced by the present value of future expected premiums. Such liabilities are established based on methods and underlying assumptions in accordance with GAAP and applicable actuarial standards. Principal assumptions used in the establishment of liabilities for future policy benefits are mortality, morbidity, policy lapse, renewal, retirement, disability incidence, disability terminations, investment returns, inflation, expenses and other contingent events as appropriate to the respective product type. These assumptions are established at the time the policy is issued and are intended to estimate the experience for the period the policy benefits are payable. Utilizing these assumptions, liabilities are established on a block of business basis. If experience is less favorable than assumed, additional liabilities may be established, resulting in a charge to policyholder benefits and claims. 
 Future policy benefit liabilities for disabled lives are estimated at the time of claim incurral, using the present value of benefits method and experience assumptions as to claim terminations, expenses and interest. 
 Liabilities for unpaid claims are estimated based upon our historical experience and other actuarial assumptions that consider the effects of current developments, anticipated trends and risk management programs. 
 Future policy benefit liabilities for minimum death and income benefit guarantees relating to certain annuity contracts are based on estimates of the expected value of benefits in excess of the projected account balance, recognizing the excess ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments. Liabilities for universal and variable life policies with secondary guarantees and paid-up guarantees are determined by estimating the expected value of death benefits payable when the account balance is projected to be zero and recognizing those benefits ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments. The assumptions used in estimating the secondary and paid-up guarantee liabilities are consistent with those used for amortizing DAC, and are thus subject to the same variability and risk. The assumptions of investment performance and volatility for variable products are consistent with historical experience of the appropriate underlying equity index, such as the S P Global Ratings S P 500 Index. 
 We regularly review our estimates of liabilities for future policy benefits and compare them with our actual experience. Differences between actual experience and the assumptions used in pricing these policies and guarantees, as well as in the establishment of the related liabilities, result in variances in profit and could result in losses. 
 Traditional long-duration and limited-payment contracts comprise approximately 60 of MLIC s liabilities for future policyholder benefits. For such contracts, original assumptions developed at the time of issue are locked-in and used in all future liability calculations provided the resulting liabilities are adequate to provide for future benefits and expenses (i.e., there is no premium deficiency). Therefore, liabilities for these products would not be impacted by changes in assumptions unless such change would result in an adverse impact that would trigger an establishment of a premium deficiency reserve. Favorable experience for traditional long-duration and limited-payment contracts would have no impact on liabilities given that the current assumption is required to remain locked-in, however the positive experience would be reflected in net income over the life of the policies in force. 
 Our traditional life and other participating blocks comprise approximately 35 of our future policyholder benefit liabilities. For these contracts, MLIC s risk of adverse experience may be mitigated through adjustments to the dividend scales. 
 For all insurance assets and liabilities, MLIC holds capital and surplus to mitigate potential adverse experience development. The Company s approaches for managing liquidity and capital are described in Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our liability for future policy benefits. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Reinsurance 
 Accounting for reinsurance requires extensive use of assumptions and estimates, particularly related to the future performance of the underlying business and the potential impact of counterparty credit risks. We periodically review actual and anticipated experience compared to the aforementioned assumptions used to establish assets and liabilities relating to ceded and assumed reinsurance and evaluate the financial strength of counterparties to our reinsurance agreements using criteria similar to that evaluated in our security impairment process. See Investment Allowance for Credit Loss and Impairments. Additionally, for each of our reinsurance agreements, we determine whether the agreement provides indemnification against loss or liability relating to insurance risk, in accordance with applicable accounting standards. We review all contractual features, including those that may limit the amount of insurance risk to which the reinsurer is subject or features that delay the timely reimbursement of claims. If we determine that a reinsurance agreement does not expose the reinsurer to a reasonable possibility of a significant loss from insurance risk, we record the agreement using the deposit method of accounting. 
 See Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our reinsurance programs. 
 
 Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs and Value of Business Acquired 
 We incur significant costs in connection with acquiring new and renewal insurance business. Costs that relate directly to the successful acquisition or renewal of insurance contracts are capitalized as DAC. In addition to commissions, certain direct-response advertising expenses and other direct costs, deferrable costs include the portion of an employee s total compensation and benefits related to time spent selling, underwriting or processing the issuance of new and renewal insurance business only with respect to actual policies acquired or renewed. We utilize various techniques to estimate the portion of an employee s time spent on qualifying acquisition activities that result in actual sales, including surveys, interviews, representative time studies and other methods. These estimates include assumptions that are reviewed and updated on a periodic basis to reflect significant changes in processes or distribution methods. 
 VOBA represents the excess of book value over the estimated fair value of acquired insurance, annuity and investment-type contracts in force at the acquisition date. The estimated fair value of the acquired obligations is based on projections, by each block of business, of future policy and contract charges, premiums, mortality and morbidity, separate account performance, surrenders, expenses, investment returns, nonperformance risk adjustment and other factors. Actual experience on the purchased business may vary from these projections. The recovery of DAC and VOBA is dependent upon the future profitability of the related business. 
 Separate account rates of return on variable universal life contracts and variable deferred annuity contracts affect in-force account balances on such contracts each reporting period, which can result in significant fluctuations in amortization of DAC and VOBA. Our practice to determine the impact of gross profits resulting from returns on separate accounts assumes that long-term appreciation in equity markets is not changed by short-term market fluctuations but is only changed when sustained interim deviations are expected. We monitor these events and only change the assumption when our long-term expectation changes. The effect of an increase (decrease) by 100 basis points in the assumed future rate of return is reasonably likely to result in a decrease (increase) in the DAC and VOBA amortization with an offset to our unearned revenue liability which nets to approximately 20 million. We use a mean reversion approach to separate account returns where the mean reversion period is five years with a long-term separate account return after the five-year reversion period is over. The current long-term rate of return assumption for the U.S. business variable universal life contracts and variable deferred annuity contracts is 5.75 . 
 We periodically review long-term assumptions underlying the projections of estimated gross margins and profits. These assumptions primarily relate to investment returns, policyholder dividend scales, interest crediting rates, mortality, persistency, and expenses to administer business. Assumptions used in the calculation of estimated gross margins and profits which may have significantly changed are updated annually. If the update of assumptions causes expected future gross margins and profits to increase, DAC and VOBA amortization will decrease, resulting in a current period increase to earnings. The opposite result occurs when the assumption update causes expected future gross margins and profits to decrease. 
 Our most significant assumption updates resulting in a change to expected future gross margins and profits and the amortization of DAC and VOBA are due to revisions to expected future investment returns, expenses, in-force or persistency assumptions and policyholder dividends on participating traditional life contracts, variable and universal life contracts and annuity contracts. We expect these assumptions to be the ones most reasonably likely to cause significant changes in the future. Changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and we are unable to predict their movement or offsetting impact over time. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 See Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on DAC and VOBA. 
 
 Estimated Fair Value of Investments 
 In determining the estimated fair value of our investments, fair values are based on unadjusted quoted prices for identical investments in active markets that are readily and regularly obtainable. When such unadjusted quoted prices are not available, estimated fair values are based on quoted prices in markets that are not active, quoted prices for similar but not identical investments, or other observable inputs. If these inputs are not available, or observable inputs are not determinable, unobservable inputs and/or adjustments to observable inputs requiring significant management judgment, including assumptions or estimates, are used to determine the estimated fair value of investments. Unobservable inputs are based on management s assumptions about the inputs market participants would use in pricing such investments. The methodologies, assumptions and inputs utilized are described in Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 For the vast majority of our investments, sensitivity analysis regarding unobservable inputs is not necessary or appropriate, as they are valued using quoted prices, as described above. Quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used in fair value measurement and the sensitivity of the estimated fair value to changes in those inputs for the more significant asset and liability classes measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis is presented in Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Financial markets are susceptible to severe events evidenced by rapid depreciation in asset values accompanied by a reduction in asset liquidity. Our ability to sell investments, or the price ultimately realized for investments, depends upon the demand and liquidity in the market and increases the use of judgment in determining the estimated fair value of certain investments. 
 
 Investment Allowance for Credit Loss and Impairments 
 The significant estimates and inherent uncertainties related to our evaluation of credit loss and impairments on our investment portfolio are summarized below. See Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for information regarding the sensitivity of our fixed maturity securities and mortgage loan portfolios to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Fixed Maturity Securities 
 The assessment of whether a credit loss has occurred is based on our case-by-case evaluation of whether the net amount expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis. We consider a wide range of factors about the security issuer and use our best judgment in evaluating the cause of the decline in the estimated fair value of the security and in assessing the prospects for near-term recovery. We evaluate credit loss by considering information that changes from time to time about past events, current and forecasted economic conditions, and we measure credit loss by estimating recovery value using a discounted cash flow analysis. We estimate recovery value based on our best estimate of future cash flows, which is inherently subjective, and methodologies can vary depending on the facts and circumstances specific to each security. We record an ACL for the amount of the credit loss instead of recording a reduction of the amortized cost as an impairment. The evaluation processes, measurement methodologies, significant inputs and significant judgments and assumptions used to determine the amount of credit loss are described in Notes 1 and 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The determination of the amount of ACL is subjective as it includes our estimates and assumptions and assessment of known and inherent risks. We revise these evaluations as conditions change and new information becomes available. The valuation of our fixed maturity securities portfolio is sensitive to changes in interest rates and the estimated fair value of the portion of our fixed maturities securities portfolio that is foreign denominated, is sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Mortgage Loans 
 The ACL is established both for pools of loans with similar risk characteristics and for loans with dissimilar risk characteristics, collateral dependent loans and reasonably expected troubled debt restructurings, individually on a loan specific basis. We record an allowance for expected lifetime credit loss in an amount that represents the portion of the amortized cost basis of mortgage loans that we do not expect to collect, resulting in mortgage loans being presented at the net amount expected to be collected. To determine the mortgage loan ACL, we apply significant judgment to estimate expected lifetime credit loss over the contractual term of our mortgage loans adjusted for expected prepayments and any extensions; and we consider past events and current and forecasted economic conditions which are subject to inherent uncertainty and which necessarily change from time to time. The ACL methodologies, significant inputs and significant judgments and assumptions used to determine the amount of credit loss are described in Notes 1 and 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The determination of the amount of ACL is subjective as it includes our estimates and assumptions and assessment of known and inherent risks. We revise these estimates as conditions change and new information becomes available. The estimated fair value of our mortgage loan portfolio is sensitive to changes in interest rates and the estimated fair value of the portion of our mortgage loan portfolio that is foreign denominated, is sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Real Estate, Leases and Other Asset Classes 
 The determination of the amount of ACL on leases and impairments on real estate and the remaining asset classes is highly subjective and is based upon our quarterly evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective asset class. The evaluation processes, measurement methodologies, significant inputs and significant judgments and assumptions used to determine the amount of ACL and impairments are described in Notes 1 and 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available. 
 
 Derivatives 
 The determination of the estimated fair value of freestanding derivatives, when quoted market values are not available, is based on market standard valuation methodologies and inputs that management believes are consistent with what other market participants would use when pricing the instruments. Derivative valuations can be affected by changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, financial indices, credit spreads, default risk, nonperformance risk, volatility, liquidity and changes in estimates and assumptions used in the pricing models. See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on significant inputs into the OTC derivative pricing models and credit risk adjustment. 
 We issue variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum benefits, some of which are embedded derivatives measured at estimated fair value separately from the host variable annuity product, with changes in estimated fair value reported in net derivative gains (losses). The estimated fair values of these embedded derivatives are determined based on the present value of projected future benefits minus the present value of projected future fees. The projections of future benefits and future fees require capital market and actuarial assumptions, including expectations concerning policyholder behavior. A risk neutral valuation methodology is used under which the cash flows from the guarantees are projected under multiple capital market scenarios using observable risk-free rates. The valuation of these embedded derivatives also includes an adjustment for our nonperformance risk and risk margins for non-capital market inputs. The nonperformance risk adjustment, which is captured as a spread over the risk-free rate in determining the discount rate to discount the cash flows of the liability, is determined by taking into consideration publicly available information relating to spreads in the secondary market for MetLife, Inc. s debt, including related credit default swaps. These observable spreads are then adjusted, as necessary, to reflect the priority of these liabilities and the claims paying ability of the issuing insurance subsidiaries compared to MetLife, Inc. Risk margins are established to capture the non-capital market risks of the instrument which represent the additional compensation a market participant would require to assume the risks related to the uncertainties in certain actuarial assumptions. The establishment of risk margins requires the use of significant management judgment, including assumptions of the amount and cost of capital needed to cover the guarantees. 
 Variable annuities with guaranteed minimum benefits may be more costly than expected in volatile or declining equity markets. Market conditions including, but not limited to, changes in interest rates, equity indices, market volatility and foreign currency exchange rates, changes in our nonperformance risk, variations in actuarial assumptions regarding policyholder behavior, mortality and risk margins related to non-capital market inputs, may result in significant fluctuations in the estimated fair value of the guarantees that could materially affect net income. If interpretations change, there is a risk that features previously not bifurcated may require bifurcation and reporting at estimated fair value on the consolidated financial statements and respective changes in estimated fair value could materially affect net income. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, we ceded the risk associated with certain of the variable annuities with guaranteed minimum benefits described in the preceding paragraphs. The value of the embedded derivatives on the ceded risk is determined using a methodology consistent with that described previously for the guarantees directly written by us with the exception of the input for nonperformance risk that reflects the credit of the reinsurer. Because certain of the direct guarantees do not meet the definition of an embedded derivative and, thus, are not accounted for at fair value, significant fluctuations in net income may occur since the change in fair value of the embedded derivative on the ceded risk is being recorded in net income without a corresponding and offsetting change in fair value of the direct guarantee. 
 See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our derivatives and hedging programs. See also Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for information regarding the sensitivity of our derivatives to changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and equity market prices. 
 
 Employee Benefit Plans 
 The Company sponsors a U.S. nonqualified defined benefit pension plan covering MetLife employees who meet specified eligibility requirements. The calculation of the obligations and expenses associated with this plan requires an extensive use of assumptions such as the discount rate and rate of future compensation increases, as well as assumptions regarding participant demographics such as rate and age of retirement, withdrawal rates and mortality. In consultation with external actuarial firms, we determine these assumptions based upon a variety of factors such as the historical experience of the plan, currently available market and industry data, and expected benefit payout streams. 
 We determine the discount rate used to value the Company s pension obligation based upon rates commensurate with current yields on high quality corporate bonds. Given our pension obligations as of December 31, 2021, the beginning of the measurement year, if we had assumed a discount rate for our pension plan that was 100 basis points higher or 100 basis points lower than the rate we assumed, the change in our net periodic benefit costs in 2022 would have been as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Increase/(Decrease) in Net Periodic Pension Costs (In millions) Increase in discount rate by 100 bps 
 (7) Decrease in discount rate by 100 bps 
 7 
 Given our pension obligations as of December 31, 2022, the end of the measurement year, if we had assumed a discount rate for our pension plan that was 100 basis points higher or 100 basis points lower than the rate we assumed, the change in our pension benefit obligation would have been as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Increase/(Decrease) in Pension Benefit Obligation (In millions) Increase in discount rate by 100 bps 
 (81) Decrease in discount rate by 100 bps 
 95 
 These tables consider only changes in our assumed discount rate without consideration of possible changes in any of the other assumptions described above that could ultimately accompany any changes in our assumed discount rate. The assumptions used may differ materially from actual results due to, among other factors, changing market and economic conditions and changes in participant demographics. These differences may have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements and liquidity. 
 See Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of assumptions used in measuring liabilities relating to our employee benefit plans. 
 
 Income Taxes and Valuation of Deferred Tax Assets 
 Our accounting for income taxes represents our best estimate of various events and transactions. Tax laws are often complex and may be subject to differing interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant governmental taxing authorities. In establishing a provision for income tax expense, we must make judgments and interpretations about the application of inherently complex tax laws. We must also make estimates about when in the future certain items will affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions in which we conduct business. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 The Company considers all available factors, both positive and negative, to determine whether, based on the weight of these factors, a partial or full valuation allowance for categories of deferred tax assets is required. The weight given to these factors is commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. Examples of factors considered in determining deferred tax asset realizability include past earnings history, projections of taxable income and tax planning strategies. Changes in tax laws and/or statutory tax rates in countries in which we operate could have an impact on our valuation of net deferred tax assets. If there were a 1 increase in the global effective income tax rate, the change would have resulted in an approximate 127 million increase in the net deferred income tax asset balance at December 31, 2022. 
 See Notes 1 and 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our income taxes. 
 
 Litigation Contingencies 
 We are a defendant in a large number of litigation matters and are involved in a number of regulatory investigations. Given the large and/or indeterminate amounts sought in certain of these matters and the inherent unpredictability of litigation, it is possible that an adverse outcome in certain matters could, from time to time, have a material effect on the Company s consolidated net income or cash flows in particular quarterly or annual periods. Liabilities are established when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Liabilities related to certain lawsuits, including our asbestos-related liability, are especially difficult to estimate due to the limitation of reliable data and uncertainty regarding numerous variables that can affect liability estimates. On a quarterly and annual basis, we review relevant information with respect to liabilities for litigation, regulatory investigations and litigation-related contingencies to be reflected in our consolidated financial statements. It is possible that an adverse outcome in certain of our litigation and regulatory investigations, including asbestos-related cases, or the use of different assumptions in the determination of amounts recorded could have a material effect upon our consolidated net income or cash flows in particular quarterly or annual periods. 
 See Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our assessment of litigation contingencies. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 Consolidated Results 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Revenues Premiums 31,198 26,191 Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 1,997 2,062 Net investment income 10,122 12,486 Other revenues 1,698 1,616 Net investment gains (losses) (127) 652 Net derivative gains (losses) 472 (964) Total revenues 45,360 42,043 Expenses Policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends 33,513 30,151 Interest credited to policyholder account balances 2,382 2,027 Capitalization of DAC (184) (64) Amortization of DAC and VOBA 144 259 Interest expense on debt 104 96 Other expenses 5,491 5,326 Total expenses 
 41,450 37,795 Income (loss) before provision for income tax 3,910 4,248 Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 639 530 Net income (loss) 
 3,271 3,718 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 28 5 Net income (loss) attributable to Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 3,243 3,713 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 During 2022, net income (loss) decreased 447 million from 2021, primarily driven by unfavorable changes in adjusted earnings and net investment gains (losses), largely offset by a favorable change in net derivative gains (losses), net of investment hedge adjustments, and a favorable change from our actuarial assumption reviews. 
 Management of Investment Portfolio and Hedging Market Risks with Derivatives. See Investments Overview for a discussion of the management of our investment portfolio. 
 We purchase investments to support our insurance liabilities and not to generate net investment gains and losses. However, net investment gains and losses are incurred and can change significantly from period to period due to changes in external influences, including changes in market factors such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit spreads and equity markets; counterparty specific factors such as financial performance, credit rating and collateral valuation; and internal factors such as portfolio rebalancing. Changes in these factors from period to period can significantly impact the levels of provision for credit loss and impairments on our investment portfolio, as well as realized gains and losses on investments sold. 
 We also use derivatives as an integral part of our management of the investment portfolio and insurance liabilities to hedge certain risks, including changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit spreads and equity market levels. We use freestanding interest rate, equity, credit and currency derivatives to hedge certain invested assets and insurance liabilities. A portion of these hedges are designated and qualify as accounting hedges, which reduce volatility in earnings. For those hedges not designated as accounting hedges, changes in market factors lead to the recognition of fair value changes in net derivative gains (losses) generally without an offsetting gain or loss recognized in earnings for the item being hedged, which creates volatility in earnings. We actively evaluate market risk hedging needs and strategies to ensure our liquidity objectives are met under a range of market conditions. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Certain direct or assumed variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum benefits contain embedded derivatives that are measured at estimated fair value separately from the host variable annuity contract, with changes in estimated fair value recorded in net derivative gains (losses). We use freestanding derivatives to hedge the market risks inherent in these variable annuity guarantees. The valuation of these embedded derivatives includes a nonperformance risk adjustment, which is unhedged, and can be a significant driver of net derivative gains (losses) and volatility in earnings, but does not have an economic impact on us. 
 We continuously review and refine our hedging strategy in light of changing economic and market conditions, evolving NAIC and NYDFS statutory requirements and accounting rule changes. As a part of our current hedging strategy, we maintain portfolio level derivatives in our macro hedge program. These macro hedge program derivatives, which are included in the non-VA program derivatives section of the table below, mitigate the potential deterioration in our capital positions from significant adverse economic conditions. 
 Net Derivative Gains (Losses). Direct and assumed variable annuity embedded derivatives and associated freestanding derivative hedges are collectively referred to as VA program derivatives. All other derivatives that are economic hedges of certain invested assets and insurance liabilities are referred to as non-VA program derivatives. The table below presents the impact on net derivative gains (losses) from non-VA program derivatives and VA program derivatives: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Non-VA program derivatives: Interest rate (1,113) (775) Foreign currency exchange rate 348 236 Credit 40 54 Equity (6) (726) Non-VA embedded derivatives 1,609 333 Total non-VA program derivatives 878 (878) VA program derivatives: Embedded derivatives - direct and assumed guarantees: Market risks 462 670 Nonperformance risk adjustment 21 27 Other risks (508) (297) Total (25) 400 Freestanding derivatives hedging direct and assumed embedded derivatives (381) (486) Total VA program derivatives 
 (406) (86) Net derivative gains (losses) 
 472 (964) 
 The favorable change in net derivative gains (losses) on non-VA program derivatives was 1.8 billion 1.4 billion, net of income tax). This was primarily due to a change in the value of the underlying assets, favorably impacting non-VA embedded derivatives related to funds withheld on a certain reinsurance agreement. In addition, key equity indexes decreased in 2022 versus increased in 2021, favorably impacting equity options and total rate of return swaps TRRs acquired primarily as part of our macro hedge program. This favorable impact was partially offset by long-term rates increasing more significantly in 2022 compared to 2021. This unfavorably impacted the estimated fair value of receive fixed interest rate swaps. Because certain of these hedging strategies are not designated or do not qualify as accounting hedges, the changes in the estimated fair value of these freestanding derivatives are recognized in net derivative gains (losses) without an offsetting gain or loss recognized in earnings for the items being hedged. 
 The unfavorable change in net derivative gains (losses) on VA program derivatives was 320 million 253 million, net of income tax). This was due to (i) an unfavorable change of 103 million 81 million, net of income tax) in market risks in embedded derivatives, net of freestanding derivatives hedging market risks in embedded derivatives, (ii) an unfavorable change of 211 million, 167 million, net of income tax) in other risks in embedded derivatives. and (iii) an unfavorable change of 6 million 5 million, net of income tax) in the nonperformance risk adjustment on the direct and assumed variable annuity embedded derivatives. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 The aforementioned 103 million 81 million, net of income tax) unfavorable change reflects a 208 million 164 million, net of income tax) unfavorable change in market risks in embedded derivatives, partially offset by a 105 million 83 million, net of income tax) favorable change in freestanding derivatives hedging market risks in embedded derivatives. 
 The primary changes in market factors affecting the valuation of VA program derivatives are summarized as follows: 
 Long-term interest rates increased more significantly in 2022 compared to 2021, contributing to an unfavorable change in our freestanding derivatives and a favorable change in our embedded derivatives. For example, the 30-year U.S. swap rate increased 176 basis points in 2022 and increased 33 basis points in 2021. 
 Key equity index levels decreased in 2022 versus increased in 2021, contributing to an unfavorable change in our embedded derivatives and a favorable change in our freestanding derivatives. For example, the S P 500 Index decreased 19 in 2022 and increased 27 in 2021. 
 The aforementioned 211 million 167 million, net of income tax) unfavorable change in other risks in embedded derivatives reflects actuarial assumption updates and a combination of factors, such as fees deducted from accounts, changes in the benefit base, premiums, lapses, withdrawals and deaths, in addition to changes to cross-effect, basis mismatch, risk margin and fund allocation. 
 The aforementioned 6 million 5 million, net of income tax) unfavorable change in the nonperformance risk adjustment on the direct and assumed variable annuity embedded derivatives resulted from an unfavorable change of 27 million 21 million, net of income tax) related to changes in our own credit spread, partially offset by a favorable change of 21 million 16 million, net of income tax) related to model changes and changes in capital market inputs, such as long-term interest rates and key equity index levels, on variable annuity guarantees. 
 When equity index levels decrease in isolation, the direct and assumed variable annuity guarantees become more valuable to policyholders, which results in an increase in the undiscounted embedded derivative liability. Discounting this unfavorable change by the risk adjusted rate results in a smaller loss than by discounting at the risk-free rate, thus creating a gain from including an adjustment for nonperformance risk on the direct and assumed variable annuity embedded derivatives. 
 When the risk-free interest rate decreases in isolation, discounting the embedded derivative liability produces a higher valuation of the liability than if the risk-free interest rate had remained constant. Discounting this unfavorable change by the risk adjusted rate results in a smaller loss than by discounting at the risk-free interest rate, thus creating a gain from including an adjustment for nonperformance risk on the direct and assumed variable annuity embedded derivatives. 
 When our own credit spread increases in isolation, discounting the embedded derivative liability produces a lower valuation of the liability than if our own credit spread had remained constant. As a result, a gain is created from including an adjustment for nonperformance risk on the direct and assumed variable annuity embedded derivatives. For each of these primary market drivers, the opposite effect occurs when the driver moves in the opposite direction. 
 Net Investment Gains (Losses). The unfavorable change in net investment gains (losses) of 779 million 615 million, net of income tax) primarily reflects higher losses on sales on fixed maturity securities, and higher provisions for credit loss on fixed maturity securities, partially offset by net foreign currency transaction gains in 2022. 
 Taxes. Our 2022 effective tax rate on income (loss) before provision for income tax was 16 . Our effective tax rate differed from the U.S. statutory rate of 21 primarily due to tax benefits from tax credits, the corporate tax deduction for stock compensation and non-taxable investment income. Our 2021 effective tax rate on income (loss) before provision for income tax was 12 . Our effective tax rate differed from the U.S. statutory rate of 21 primarily due to tax benefits from tax credits, non-taxable investment income, the non-cash transfer of assets from a wholly-owned U.K. investment subsidiary to its U.S. parent and the corporate tax deduction for stock compensation. 
 Actuarial Assumption Review and Certain Other Insurance Adjustments . Results for 2022 include a 17 million 14 million, net of income tax) gain associated with our annual review of actuarial assumptions related to reserves and DAC, of which a 353 million 279 million, net of income tax) loss was recognized in net derivative gains (losses). 
 Of the 17 million gain, a 226 million 179 million, net of income tax) gain was related to DAC and a 209 million 165 million, net of income tax) charge was associated with reserves. The portion of the 17 million gain that is included in adjusted earnings is a charge of 1 million 1 million, net of income tax). 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 The 353 million 279 million, net of income tax) loss recognized in net derivative gains (losses) associated with our annual review of actuarial assumptions is included within the other risks in embedded derivatives caption in the table above. 
 As a result of our annual review of actuarial assumptions, changes were made to economic, biometric, policyholder behavior, and operational assumptions. The most significant impacts were in the MetLife Holdings segment, including economic assumption updates related to the projection of closed block results and updates to the behavioral assumptions for variable annuities. The breakdown of total current period results is summarized as follows: 
 Economic assumption updates resulted in favorable impacts to reserves and DAC for a net gain of 179 million 142 million, net of income tax). 
 Changes in biometric assumptions resulted in favorable impacts to DAC and unfavorable impacts to reserves for a net gain of 1 million 1 million, net of income tax). 
 Changes in policyholder behavior assumptions resulted in unfavorable impacts to reserves and favorable impacts to DAC for a net charge of 201 million 159 million, net of income tax). 
 Changes in operational assumptions resulted in favorable impacts to reserves and unfavorable impacts to DAC for a net gain of 38 million 30 million, net of income tax). 
 Results for 2021 include a 167 million 133 million, net of income tax) charge associated with our annual review of actuarial assumptions related to reserves and DAC, of which a 6 million 5 million, net of income tax) loss was recognized in net derivative gains (losses). Of the 167 million charge, a 7 million 2 million, net of income tax) gain was related to DAC and a 174 million 135 million, net of income tax) charge was associated with reserves. The portion of the 167 million charge that is included in adjusted earnings is 68 million 53 million, net of income tax). 
 Certain other insurance adjustments recorded in 2022 include a 115 million 91 million, net of income tax) favorable reinsurance recapture in our U.S. segment and an 83 million 66 million, net of income tax) charge related to model refinements in our MetLife Holdings segment. These adjustments are included in adjusted earnings. 
 Adjusted Earnings. As more fully described in Non-GAAP and Other Financial Disclosures, we use adjusted earnings, which does not equate to net income (loss), as determined in accordance with GAAP, to analyze our performance, evaluate segment performance, and allocate resources. We believe that the presentation of adjusted earnings, as we measure it for management purposes, enhances the understanding of our performance by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability drivers of the business. Adjusted earnings allows analysis of our performance and facilitates comparisons to industry results. Adjusted earnings should not be viewed as a substitute for net income (loss). Adjusted earnings decreased 1.7 billion, net of income tax, to 3.0 billion, net of income tax, for 2022 from 4.7 billion, net of income tax, for 2021. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of net income (loss) to adjusted earnings and premiums, fees and other revenues to adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Net income (loss) 3,271 3,718 Less: adjustments from net income (loss) to adjusted earnings: Revenues: Net investment gains (losses) (127) 652 Net derivative gains (losses) 472 (964) Premiums Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 75 80 Net investment income (588) (579) Other revenues Expenses: Policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends 445 (366) Interest credited to policyholder account balances 2 Capitalization of DAC Amortization of DAC and VOBA 59 (32) Interest expense on debt Other expenses 23 9 Provision for income tax (expense) benefit (78) 241 Adjusted earnings 2,990 4,675 Premiums, fees and other revenues 34,893 29,869 Less: adjustments to premiums, fees and other revenues 75 80 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues 34,818 29,789 
 
 Consolidated Results Adjusted Earnings 
 Business Overview. Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for 2022 increased 5.0 billion, or 17 , compared to 2021. This was primarily due to higher premiums in our Retirement and Income Solutions RIS business, as well as growth in our Group Benefits business, both in our U.S. segment. The increase in premiums in RIS was mainly driven by a large pension risk transfer transaction in 2022. Changes in RIS premiums are mostly offset by a corresponding change in policyholder benefits. The increase in our Group Benefits business was primarily due to growth from our group disability, voluntary and dental products. 
 Our MetLife Holdings segment consists of operations relating to products and businesses that we no longer actively market. We anticipate an annual decline in adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues in our MetLife Holdings segment from expected business run-off. Although we have discontinued selling our long-term care product, we continue to collect premiums and administer the existing block of business, which contributed to asset growth in the segment, and we expect the related reserves to grow as this block matures. Our future policyholder benefit liability for our long-term care business was 14.3 billion and 14.4 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax. 
 Overview. The primary driver of the decrease in adjusted earnings was lower investment yields due to the unfavorable impact of lower equity market returns on our private equity funds and hedge funds, partially offset by favorable underwriting, primarily driven by an overall decline in COVID-19 related claims. In addition, the favorable change from our actuarial assumption reviews increased adjusted earnings. Our results for 2022 also included the favorable impact from a reinsurance recapture in our U.S. segment and the unfavorable impact from model refinements in our MetLife Holdings segment. Our results for 2021 included the favorable impact of a tax adjustment related to the non-cash transfer of assets from a wholly-owned U.K. investment subsidiary to its U.S. parent. 
 Business Growth. Net investment income improved as a result of higher average invested assets, predominantly in our U.S. segment, due to positive net flows, primarily from pension risk transfer transactions and funding agreement issuances. Growth in Corporate Other s investment portfolio also contributed to improved net investment income. However, this was partially offset by a corresponding increase in interest credited expenses on long-duration insurance products. In our MetLife Holdings segment, negative net flows from our deferred annuity business resulted in lower asset-based fee income. In addition, premiums declined due to business run-off and the impact of dividend scale reductions in both years, which decreased adjusted earnings. Also, in our U.S. segment, higher direct expenses, including certain employee-related costs, coupled with an increase in variable expenses, exceeded the corresponding increase in premiums, fees and other revenues. The combined impact of the items affecting our business growth, as well as lower DAC amortization, resulted in a 15 million decrease in adjusted earnings. 
 Market Factors. Market factors, including interest rate levels, variability in equity market returns, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, continued to impact our results; however, certain impacts were mitigated by derivatives used to hedge these risks. Investment yields decreased driven by the unfavorable impact of lower equity market returns on our private equity funds, hedge funds and fair value option securities FVO Securities ), as well as lower prepayment fees. These decreases were partially offset by higher yields on our fixed income securities and mortgage loans. In our U.S. segment, the impact of interest rate fluctuations resulted in an increase in our average interest credited rates on our deposit-type and long-duration insurance products, which drove an increase in interest credited expenses. The changes in market factors discussed above resulted in a 2.5 billion decrease in adjusted earnings. 
 Underwriting, Actuarial Assumption Review and Other Insurance Adjustments . Underwriting results increased adjusted earnings by 758 million primarily due to favorable mortality in our U.S. segment. Favorable mortality in our U.S. segment was primarily driven by our Group Benefits business, partially offset by less favorable mortality in our RIS business. The favorable Group Benefits mortality was the result of decreases in both incidence and severity of COVID-19 and non-COVID-19 claims. Less favorable mortality in our RIS business was driven by our structured settlement and pension risk transfer businesses. The favorable change from our annual actuarial assumption reviews resulted in a net increase of 52 million in adjusted earnings. Refinements to certain insurance and other assets and liabilities in both years resulted in a 363 million increase in adjusted earnings, which includes the favorable impact from a reinsurance recapture in our U.S. segment largely offset by model refinements in our MetLife Holdings segment, all in 2022, as well as the favorable impact from adjustments to certain deposit reinsurance assets in both years. Dividend scale reductions, as well as run-off in Metropolitan Life Insurance Company s closed block, contributed to lower dividend expense, net of DAC amortization, and resulted in a 78 million increase in adjusted earnings. 
 Expenses . Adjusted earnings decreased 267 million mainly due to an increase in corporate-related expenses and higher interest expense on tax positions due to audit settlements in both years, partially offset by a decrease in employee-related expenses. 
 Taxes. Our 2022 effective tax rate on adjusted earnings was 16 . Our effective tax rate differed from the U.S. statutory rate of 21 primarily due to tax benefits from tax credits, the corporate tax deduction for stock compensation and non-taxable investment income. Our 2021 effective tax rate on adjusted earnings was 14 . Our effective tax rate differed from the U.S. statutory rate of 21 primarily due to tax benefits from tax credits, non-taxable investment income, the non-cash transfer of assets from a wholly-owned U.K. investment subsidiary to its U.S. parent and the corporate tax deduction for stock compensation. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Investments 
 
 Overview 
 We manage our investment portfolio using disciplined asset/liability management ALM principles, focusing on cash flow and duration to support our current and future liabilities. Our intent is to match the timing and amount of liability cash outflows with invested assets that have cash inflows of comparable timing and amount, while optimizing risk-adjusted investment income and risk-adjusted total return. Our investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, with the vast majority of our portfolio invested in fixed maturity securities available-for-sale AFS and mortgage loans. These securities and loans have varying maturities and other characteristics which cause them to be generally well suited for matching the cash flow and duration of insurance liabilities. 
 
 Current Environment 
 As a large insurer with a diverse investment portfolio, we continue to be impacted by the changing global financial and economic environment, the fiscal and monetary policy of governments and central banks around the world and other governmental measures. Global inflation, supply chain disruptions, the Russia-Ukraine conflict and the COVID-19 pandemic continue to impact the global economy and financial markets and has caused volatility in the global equity, credit and real estate markets. These factors may persist for some time and may continue to impact pricing levels of risk-bearing investments, as well as our business operations, investment portfolio and derivatives. Rising market interest rates have impacted our investment portfolio and derivatives. See Results of Operations Consolidated Results, and Results of Operations Consolidated Results Adjusted Earnings for impacts on our derivatives and analysis of the period over period changes in investment portfolio results and Investments Fixed Maturity Securities AFS Evaluation of Fixed Maturity Securities AFS for Credit Loss Evaluation of Fixed Maturity Securities AFS in an Unrealized Loss Position in Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for impacts on the net unrealized gain (loss) on our fixed maturity securities AFS. 
 
 Selected Country Investments 
 We have country-specific exposure to volatility posed by local political and economic conditions as a result of our global portfolio diversification objectives for our general account investments. The countries included in the following table have been the most affected by these risks. The table below presents a summary of selected country fixed maturity securities AFS, at estimated fair value, on a country of risk basis (e.g. where the issuer primarily conducts business). 
 Selected Country Fixed Maturity Securities AFS at December 31, 2022 Country Sovereign (1) Financial Services Non-Financial Services Total (2) (Dollars in millions) Italy 10 12 333 355 Peru 79 12 129 220 Russian Federation (3) 35 35 Turkey 2 10 12 Ukraine (3) 2 2 Total 126 24 474 624 Investment grade 66.4 94.6 65.3 66.7 
 ______________ 
 (1) Sovereign includes government and agency. 
 (2) The par value, amortized cost net of ACL, and estimated fair value, net of purchased and written credit default swaps, of these securities were 756 million , 696 million and 556 million , respectively, at December 31, 2022. The notional value and estimated fair value of the net purchased and written credit default swaps were 68 million and less than 1 million , respectively, at December 31, 2022. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 (3) As of December 31, 2022, the amortized cost, ACL and amortized cost, net of ACL of our Russian Federation sovereign securities were 102 million, 67 million and 35 million , respectively; and the amortized cost, ACL and amortized cost, net of ACL of our Russian Federation corporate securities were 2 million, 2 million and less than 1 million , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the amortized cost, ACL and amortized cost, net of ACL of our Ukraine sovereign securities were 1 million, 1 million and less than 1 million, r espectively; and the amortized cost, ACL and amortized cost, net of ACL of our Ukraine corporate securities were 3 million, 1 million and 2 million, respectively. 
 We manage direct and indirect investment exposure in the selected countries through fundamental analysis and we continually monitor and adjust our level of investment exposure. 
 
 Investment Portfolio Results 
 The reconciliation of net investment income under GAAP to adjusted net investment income, is presented below . 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Net investment income GAAP 
 10,122 12,486 Investment hedge adjustments 576 571 Other 12 8 Adjusted net investment income (1) 10,710 13,065 
 __________________ 
 (1) See Financial Measures and Segment Accounting Policies in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the adjustments made to net investment income under GAAP in calculating adjusted net investment income. 
 The following yield table presentation is consistent with how we measure our investment performance for management purposes, and we believe it enhances understanding of our investment portfolio results. 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Asset Class Yield (1) Amount Yield (1) Amount (Dollars in millions) Fixed maturity securities AFS (2), (3) 4.04 6,124 4.18 6,183 Mortgage loans (3) 4.28 2,612 4.19 2,656 Real estate and real estate joint ventures 5.40 437 3.80 294 Policy loans 5.01 288 4.95 292 Other limited partnership interests (4) 
 5.28 435 42.74 3,169 Cash and short-term investments 4.46 83 1.89 8 Other invested assets 1,040 792 Investment income 4.47 11,019 5.56 13,394 Investment fees and expenses (0.13) (309) (0.14) (329) Adjusted net investment income 4.34 10,710 5.42 13,065 
 ______________ 
 (1) We calculate yields using adjusted net investment income as a percent of average quarterly asset carrying values. Adjusted net investment income excludes realized gains (losses) from sales and disposals and includes the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Average quarterly asset carrying values exclude unrealized gains (losses), collateral received in connection with our securities lending program, annuities funding structured settlement claims, freestanding derivative assets and collateral received from derivative counterparties. A yield is not presented for other invested assets, as it is not considered a meaningful measure of performance for this asset class. 
 (2) Investment income (loss) from fixed maturity securities AFS includes amounts from FVO Securities of 143) million and 102 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (3) Investment income from fixed maturity securities AFS and mortgage loans includes prepayment fees. 
 (4) See Results of Operations Consolidated Results Adjusted Earnings for discussion of results for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 See Results of Operations Consolidated Results Adjusted Earnings for an analysis of the period over period changes in investment portfolio results. 
 
 Fixed Maturity Securities AFS 
 The following table presents public and private fixed maturity securities AFS held at: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Securities by Type Estimated Fair Value of Total Estimated Fair Value of Total (Dollars in millions) Fixed maturity securities AFS 
 Publicly-traded 105,977 72.8 131,916 75.0 Privately-placed 39,599 27.2 43,969 25.0 Total fixed maturity securities AFS 145,576 100.0 175,885 100.0 Percentage of cash and invested assets 55.7 60.0 
 See Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information about fixed maturity securities AFS by sector, contractual maturities, continuous gross unrealized losses; as well as realized gains (losses) on sales and disposals. 
 Included within fixed maturity securities AFS are structured securities, including residential mortgage-backed securities RMBS ), asset-backed securities and collateralized loan obligations (collectively, ABS CLO and commercial mortgage-backed securities CMBS (collectively, Structured Products ). See Structured Products for further information. 
 Valuation of Securities . We are responsible for the determination of the estimated fair value of our investments. We determine the estimated fair value of publicly-traded securities after considering one of three primary sources of information: quoted market prices in active markets, independent pricing services, or independent broker quotations. We determine the estimated fair value of privately-placed securities after considering one of three primary sources of information: market standard internal matrix pricing, market standard internal discounted cash flow techniques, or independent pricing services (after we determine the independent pricing services use of available observable market data). For publicly-traded securities, the number of quotations obtained varies by instrument and depends on the liquidity of the particular instrument. Generally, we obtain prices from multiple pricing services to cover all asset classes and obtain multiple prices for certain securities, but ultimately utilize the price with the highest placement in the fair value hierarchy. Independent pricing services that value these instruments use market standard valuation methodologies based on data about market transactions and inputs from multiple pricing sources that are market observable or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the types of market standard valuation methodologies utilized and key assumptions and observable inputs used in applying these standard valuation methodologies. When a price is not available in the active market or through an independent pricing service, management values the security primarily using market standard internal matrix pricing or discounted cash flow techniques, and non-binding quotations from independent brokers who are knowledgeable about these securities. Independent non-binding broker quotations utilize inputs that may be difficult to corroborate with observable market data. As shown in the following section, less than 1 of our fixed maturity securities AFS were valued using non-binding quotations from independent brokers at December 31, 2022. 
 Senior management, independent of the trading and investing functions, is responsible for the oversight of control systems and valuation policies for securities, mortgage loans, real estate and derivatives. On a quarterly basis, new transaction types and markets are reviewed and approved to ensure that observable market prices and market-based parameters are used for valuation, wherever possible, and for determining that valuation adjustments, when applied, are based upon established policies and are applied consistently over time. Senior management oversees the selection of independent third-party pricing providers and the controls and procedures to evaluate third-party pricing. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 We review our valuation methodologies on an ongoing basis and revise those methodologies when necessary based on changing market conditions. Assurance is gained on the overall reasonableness and consistent application of input assumptions, valuation methodologies and compliance with fair value accounting guidance through controls designed to ensure valuations represent an exit price. Several controls are utilized, including certain monthly controls, which include, but are not limited to, analysis of portfolio returns to corresponding benchmark returns, comparing a sample of executed prices of securities sold to the fair value estimates, comparing fair value estimates to management s knowledge of the current market, reviewing the bid/ask spreads to assess activity, comparing prices from multiple independent pricing services and ongoing due diligence to confirm that independent pricing services use market-based parameters. The process includes a determination of the observability of inputs used in estimated fair values received from independent pricing services or brokers by assessing whether these inputs can be corroborated by observable market data. We ensure that prices received from independent brokers, also referred to herein as consensus pricing, are representative of estimated fair value by considering such pricing relative to our knowledge of the current market dynamics and current pricing for similar investments. While independent non-binding broker quotations are utilized, they are not used for a significant portion of the portfolio. 
 On a quarterly basis, we also apply a formal process to challenge any prices received from independent pricing services that are not considered representative of estimated fair value. If prices received from independent pricing services are not considered reflective of market activity or representative of estimated fair value, independent non-binding broker quotations are obtained, or an internally developed valuation is prepared. Internally developed valuations of current estimated fair value, compared with pricing received from the independent pricing services, did not produce material differences in the estimated fair values for the majority of the portfolio; accordingly, overrides were not material. This is, in part, because internal estimates are generally based on available market evidence and estimates used by other market participants. In the absence of such market-based evidence, management s best estimate is used. 
 We have reviewed the significance and observability of inputs used in the valuation methodologies to determine the appropriate fair value hierarchy level for each of our securities. Based on the results of this review and investment class analysis, each instrument is categorized as Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the lowest level significant input to its valuation. See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for valuation approaches and key inputs by major category of assets or liabilities that are classified within Level 2 and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Fair Value of Fixed Maturity Securities AFS 
 Fixed maturity securities AFS measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis and their corresponding fair value pricing sources were as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 Level Fixed Maturity Securities AFS (Dollars in millions) Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets 9,130 6.3 Level 2 Independent pricing sources 118,325 81.3 Significant other observable inputs 118,325 81.3 Level 3 Independent pricing sources 12,894 8.9 Internal matrix pricing or discounted cash flow techniques 5,189 3.5 Independent broker quotations 38 Significant unobservable inputs 
 18,121 12.4 Total at estimated fair value 145,576 100.0 
 See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the fixed maturity securities AFS fair value hierarchy, a rollforward of the fair value measurements for securities measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable (Level 3) inputs; transfers into and/or out of Level 3; and further information about the valuation approaches and inputs by level by major classes of invested assets that affect the amounts reported above. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 The majority of the Level 3 fixed maturity securities AFS were concentrated in three sectors at December 31, 2022: U.S. corporate securities, foreign corporate securities and RMBS. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Level 3 fixed maturity securities AFS decreased by 1.4 billion, or 7.3 . The decrease was driven by a decrease in estimated fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), partially offset by purchases in excess of sales and transfers into Level 3 in excess of transfers out of Level 3. 
 
 Fixed Maturity Securities AFS Credit Quality Ratings 
 The Securities Valuation Office of the NAIC evaluates the fixed maturity securities of insurers for regulatory reporting and capital assessment purposes. The NAIC assigns securities to one of six credit quality categories defined as NAIC designations. In general, securities with NAIC designations of 1 and 2 are considered investment grade and securities with NAIC designations of 3 through 6 are considered below investment grade. If no NAIC designation is available, then, as permitted by the NAIC, an internally developed designation is used. 
 NAIC designations for non-agency RMBS and CMBS are based on a modeling methodology that estimates security level expected losses under a variety of economic scenarios. The modeling methodology for non-agency RMBS and CMBS issued prior to January 1, 2013 incorporates the amortized cost of the security (including any purchase discounts and prior impairments) and the likelihood of recovery of the amortized cost; while for non-agency RMBS and CMBS issued after January 1, 2013, the modeling methodology does not incorporate the amortized cost of the security. The NAIC s objective with the modeling methodology is to increase accuracy in estimating expected losses and recovery value, and to use this credit quality assessment to determine an appropriate RBC charge for non-agency RMBS and CMBS. We utilize these NAIC designations for our non-agency RMBS and CMBS in our disclosures below. The NAIC evaluates non-agency RMBS and CMBS held by insurers on an annual basis. When we acquire non-agency RMBS and CMBS that have not been previously evaluated by the NAIC, an internally developed designation is used until a NAIC designation becomes available. 
 In addition to the six NAIC designations, the NAIC maintains 20 NAIC designation categories which is an additional, more granular credit quality categorization. These NAIC designation categories correspond more closely to the NRSRO s alpha-numeric credit quality ratings. The NAIC maintains unique RBC factors for each of the 20 NAIC designation categories. The NAIC s goal is to better align RBC charges on securities with the instruments actual credit risk. 
 Rating agency ratings are based on availability of applicable ratings from rating agencies on the NAIC credit rating provider list, including Moody s Investors Service Moody s ), S P, Fitch Ratings Fitch ), DBRS Morningstar, A.M. Best Company A.M. Best ), Kroll Bond Rating Agency and Egan Jones Ratings Company. If no rating is available from a rating agency, then an internally developed rating is used. 
 NAIC designations are generally similar to the credit quality ratings of the NRSROs, except for (i) non-agency RMBS and CMBS as described above, and (ii) securities rated Ca or C by NRSROs, included within Caa and lower in our disclosures below, that are designated NAIC 6; accordingly, NAIC designations may not correspond to NRSRO ratings. 
 The following table presents total fixed maturity securities AFS by NRSRO rating, except for non-agency RMBS and CMBS, which are presented using NAIC designations for modeled securities. In addition, in the following table, the applicable NAIC designation from the NAIC published comparison of NRSRO ratings to NAIC designations is provided. 
 December 31, 2022 2021 NRSRO Rating NAIC Designation Amortized Cost net of ACL Unrealized Gains (Losses) Estimated Fair Value of Total Amortized Cost net of ACL Unrealized Gains (Losses) Estimated Fair Value of Total (Dollars in millions) Aaa/Aa/A 1 103,739 (9,023) 94,716 65.1 103,617 12,569 116,186 66.0 Baa 2 46,820 (4,868) 41,952 28.8 44,696 4,826 49,522 28.2 Subtotal investment grade 
 150,559 (13,891) 136,668 93.9 148,313 17,395 165,708 94.2 Ba 3 7,042 (612) 6,430 4.4 7,127 215 7,342 4.2 B 4 2,320 (191) 2,129 1.5 2,463 (12) 2,451 1.4 Caa and lower 5 370 (92) 278 0.2 389 (24) 365 0.2 In or near default 
 6 72 (1) 71 9 10 19 Subtotal below investment grade 
 9,804 (896) 8,908 6.1 9,988 189 10,177 5.8 Total fixed maturity securities AFS 160,363 (14,787) 145,576 100.0 158,301 17,584 175,885 100.0 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables present total fixed maturity securities AFS, at estimated fair value, by sector and by NRSRO rating, except for non-agency RMBS and CMBS, which are presented using NAIC designations for modeled securities. In addition, in the following table, the applicable NAIC designation from the NAIC published comparison of the NRSRO ratings to NAIC designations is provided. 
 Fixed Maturity Securities AFS by Sector Credit Quality Rating NRSRO Rating Aaa/Aa/A Baa Ba B Caa and Lower In or Near Default Total Estimated Fair Value NAIC Designation 1 2 3 4 5 6 (Dollars in millions) December 31, 2022 U.S. corporate 23,238 22,708 3,403 1,558 164 19 51,090 Foreign corporate 6,473 14,969 2,093 412 46 23,993 U.S. government and agency 
 21,977 381 22,358 RMBS 18,823 376 56 55 13 10 19,333 ABS CLO 9,619 1,848 280 63 19 7 11,836 Municipals 7,306 135 23 7,464 CMBS 5,897 69 48 29 6,043 Foreign government 1,383 1,466 527 41 7 35 3,459 Total fixed maturity securities AFS 
 94,716 41,952 6,430 2,129 278 71 145,576 Percentage of total 
 65.1 28.8 4.4 1.5 0.2 100.0 December 31, 2021 U.S. corporate 26,778 26,018 3,738 1,675 193 58,402 Foreign corporate 8,350 18,242 2,494 487 112 29,685 U.S. government and agency 
 30,765 457 31,222 RMBS 22,422 516 132 52 4 19 23,145 ABS CLO 10,840 1,684 260 76 19 12,879 Municipals 8,473 238 17 8,728 CMBS 6,347 330 91 85 25 6,878 Foreign government 2,211 2,037 610 76 12 4,946 Total fixed maturity securities AFS 
 116,186 49,522 7,342 2,451 365 19 175,885 Percentage of total 
 66.0 28.2 4.2 1.4 0.2 100.0 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. and Foreign Corporate Fixed Maturity Securities AFS 
 We maintain a broadly diversified portfolio of corporate fixed maturity securities AFS across many industries and issuers. This portfolio did not have any exposure to any single issuer in excess of 1 of total investments at either December 31, 2022 or 2021. The top 10 holdings comprised 2 of total investments at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. The table below presents our U.S. and foreign corporate securities portfolios by industry at: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Industry Estimated Fair Value of Total Estimated Fair Value of Total (Dollars in millions) Finance 16,264 21.7 18,828 21.4 Consumer (1) 15,368 20.5 18,125 20.6 Utility 12,439 16.6 15,494 17.6 Industrial (2) 8,678 11.5 9,694 11.0 Transportation 6,523 8.7 7,488 8.5 Communications 5,739 7.6 7,200 8.2 Energy 5,058 6.7 6,048 6.8 Technology 2,409 3.2 2,743 3.1 Other 2,605 3.5 2,467 2.8 Total 75,083 100.0 88,087 100.0 
 __________________ 
 (1) Includes consumer cyclical and consumer non-cyclical. 
 (2) Includes basic industry, capital goods and other industrial. 
 
 Structured Products 
 Our investments in Structured Products are collateralized by residential mortgages, commercial mortgages, bank loans and other assets. Our investment selection criteria and monitoring includes review of credit ratings, characteristics of the assets underlying the securities, borrower characteristics and the level of credit enhancement. We held 37.2 billion and 42.9 billion of Structured Products, at estimated fair value, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as presented in the RMBS, ABS CLO and CMBS sections below. 
 
 RMBS 
 Our RMBS portfolio is broadly diversified by security type and risk profile. 
 On a security type basis, RMBS includes collateralized mortgage obligations and pass-through mortgage-backed securities. Collateralized mortgage obligations are structured by dividing the cash flows of mortgage loans into separate pools or tranches of risk that create multiple classes of bonds with varying maturities and priority of payments. Pass-through mortgage-backed securities are secured by a mortgage loan or collection of mortgage loans. The monthly mortgage loan payments from homeowners pass from the originating bank through an intermediary, such as a government agency or investment bank, which collects the payments and, for a fee, remits or passes these payments through to the holders of the pass-through securities. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 On a risk profile basis, RMBS includes Agency and Non-Agency securities. Agency RMBS were guaranteed or otherwise supported by Federal National Mortgage Association, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation or Government National Mortgage Association. Non-Agency securities include prime, prime investor, non-qualified residential mortgage NQM ), alternative Alt-A ), reperforming and sub-prime mortgage-backed securities. Prime (owner-occupied) and prime investor (non owner-occupied) loans were originated to the most creditworthy borrowers with high quality credit profiles. NQM and Alt-A are classifications of mortgage loans where the risk profile of the borrower is between prime and sub-prime. Sub-prime mortgage lending is the origination of residential mortgage loans to borrowers with weak credit profiles, while reperforming loans were previously delinquent that returned to performing status. 
 The following table presents our RMBS portfolio by security type, risk profile and ratings profile at: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Estimated Fair Value of Total Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) Estimated Fair Value of Total Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) (Dollars in millions) Security type Collateralized mortgage obligations 10,960 56.7 (1,160) 13,184 57.0 913 Pass-through mortgage-backed securities 8,373 43.3 (1,046) 9,961 43.0 150 Total RMBS 19,333 100.0 (2,206) 23,145 100.0 1,063 Risk profile Agency 11,886 61.5 (1,473) 14,472 62.5 523 Non-Agency Prime and prime investor 2,808 14.5 (451) 2,216 9.2 16 NQM and Alt-A 1,580 8.2 (66) 2,100 9.1 209 Reperforming and sub-prime 2,310 11.9 (142) 3,463 15.0 316 Other (1) 749 3.9 (74) 894 4.2 (1) Subtotal Non-Agency 7,447 38.5 (733) 8,673 37.5 540 Total RMBS 19,333 100.0 (2,206) 23,145 100.0 1,063 Ratings profile Rated Aaa and Aa 15,956 82.5 17,956 77.6 Designated NAIC 1 18,827 97.4 22,480 97.1 
 __________________ 
 (1) Other Non-Agency RMBS are broadly diversified across several subsectors and issuers, including securities collateralized by the following mortgage loan types: single family rental, early buyout securitization and small business commercial. 
 The majority of our RMBS holdings were rated Aaa and were designated NAIC 1 at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 We manage our exposure to reperforming and sub-prime RMBS holdings by focusing primarily on senior tranche securities, stress testing the portfolio with severe loss assumptions and closely monitoring the performance of the portfolio. Our reperforming RMBS are generally newer vintage securities and higher quality at purchase (e.g., NAIC 1 and NAIC 2). Our sub-prime RMBS portfolio consists predominantly of securities that were purchased at significant discounts to par value and discounts to the expected principal recovery value of these securities and are investment grade under NAIC designations (e.g., NAIC 1 and NAIC 2). 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 ABS CLO 
 Our non-mortgage loan-backed structured securities are comprised of two broad categories of securitizations: ABS CLO. These portfolios are broadly diversified by collateral type and issuer. The following table presents our ABS CLO portfolios by collateral type and ratings profile at: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Estimated Fair Value of Total Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) Estimated Fair Value of Total Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) (Dollars in millions) ABS Collateral type Consumer loans 954 8.1 (98) 1,278 9.9 37 Vehicle and equipment loans 892 7.5 (41) 1,165 9.0 7 Credit card loans 801 6.8 (11) 561 4.4 8 Franchise 730 6.2 (94) 563 4.4 11 Digital infrastructure 730 6.2 (78) 547 4.2 4 Student loans 560 4.7 (54) 742 5.8 14 Other (1) 1,509 12.7 (169) 1,495 11.6 17 Total ABS 6,176 52.2 (545) 6,351 49.3 98 CLO (2) 5,660 47.8 (258) 6,528 50.7 (6) Total ABS CLO 11,836 100.0 (803) 12,879 100.0 92 ABS ratings profile Rated Aaa and Aa 2,582 41.8 3,085 48.6 Designated NAIC 1 4,506 73.0 4,817 75.8 CLO ratings profile Rated Aaa and Aa 4,246 75.0 5,172 79.2 Designated NAIC 1 5,111 90.3 5,979 91.6 ABS CLO ratings profile Rated Aaa and Aa 6,828 57.7 8,257 64.1 Designated NAIC 1 9,617 81.3 10,796 83.8 
 ______________ 
 (1) Other ABS are broadly diversified across several subsectors and issuers, including securities with the following collateral types: foreign residential loans, transportation equipment, and renewable energy. 
 (2) Includes primarily securities collateralized by broadly syndicated bank loans. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 CMBS 
 Our CMBS portfolio is comprised primarily of conduit and single asset and single borrower securities. Conduit securities are collateralized by many commercial mortgage loans and are broadly diversified by property type, borrower and geography. The following tables present our CMBS portfolio by collateral type and ratings profile at. 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Estimated Fair Value of Total Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) Estimated Fair Value of Total Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) (Dollars in millions) Collateral type Conduit 4,289 71.0 (485) 4,982 72.4 169 Single asset and single borrower 1,262 20.9 (117) 1,305 19.0 15 Agency 273 4.5 (24) 219 3.2 21 Commercial real estate collateralized loan obligations 219 3.6 (7) 359 5.2 Other 13 0.2 Total CMBS 6,043 100.0 (633) 6,878 100 205 Ratings profile Rated Aaa and Aa 4,960 82.1 5,592 81.3 Designated NAIC 1 5,897 97.6 6,347 92.3 
 
 Evaluation of Fixed Maturity Securities AFS for Credit Loss, Rollforward of Allowance for Credit Loss and Credit Loss on Fixed Maturity Securities AFS Recognized in Earnings 
 See Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information about the evaluation of fixed maturity securities AFS for credit loss, rollforward of the ACL, net credit loss provision (release) and impairment (losses), as well as realized gross gains (losses) on sales and disposals of fixed maturity securities AFS at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Securities Lending Transactions and Repurchase Agreements 
 We participate in securities lending transactions and repurchase agreements with unaffiliated financial institutions in the normal course of business for the purpose of enhancing the total return on our investment portfolio. We account for these arrangements as secured borrowings and record a liability in the amount of the cash received. We obtain collateral, usually cash, from the borrower, which must be returned to the borrower when the securities are returned to us. Through these arrangements, we were liable for cash collateral under our control of 9.9 billion and 18.3 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, including a portion that may require the immediate return of cash collateral we hold. See Notes 1 and 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about the secured borrowings accounting and the classification of revenues and expenses. 
 
 Mortgage Loans 
 Our mortgage loans are principally collateralized by commercial, agricultural and residential properties. Mortgage loans carried at amortized cost and the related ACL are summarized as follows at: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Portfolio Segment Amortized Cost of Total ACL ACL as of Amortized Cost Amortized Cost of Total ACL ACL as of Amortized Cost (Dollars in millions) Commercial 37,196 59.0 174 0.5 35,772 59.0 260 0.7 Agricultural 15,869 25.2 105 0.7 15,450 25.5 79 0.5 Residential 9,953 15.8 169 1.7 9,406 15.5 197 2.1 Total 
 63,018 100.0 448 0.7 60,628 100.0 536 0.9 
 The carrying value of all mortgage loans, net of ACL, w as 23.9 and 20.5 of cash and invested assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 We diversify our mortgage loan portfolio by both geographic region and property type to reduce the risk of concentration. Of our commercial and agricultural mortgage loans carried at amortized cost, 89 a re collateralized by properties located in the U.S., with the remaining 11 collateralized by properties located primarily in Mexico, at December 31, 2022. The carrying values of our commercial and agricultural mortgage loans carried at amortized cost located in California, New York and Texas were 16 , 8 and 7 , r espectively, of total commercial and agricultural mortgage loans carried at amortized cost at December 31, 2022. Additionally, we manage risk when originating commercial and agricultural mortgage loans by generally lending up to 75 of the estimated fair value of the underlying real estate collateral. 
 We manage our residential mortgage loans carried at amortized cost in a similar manner to reduce risk of concentration. The carrying values of our residential mortgage loans carried at amortized cost located in California, Florida, and New York were 34 , 11 , and 9 , respectively, of total residential mortgage loans carried at amortized cost at December 31, 2022 . 
 Commercial Mortgage Loans by Geographic Region and Property Type. Commercial mortgage loans are the largest mortgage loan portfolio segment. The tables below present the diversification across geographic regions and property types of commercial mortgage loans carried at amortized cost at: 
 December 31, 
 2022 2021 Amount 
 of Total Amount 
 of Total (Dollars in millions) 
 Region Pacific 6,840 18.4 6,996 19.5 Middle Atlantic 5,402 14.5 5,450 15.2 Non-U.S. 4,977 13.4 5,500 15.4 South Atlantic 4,913 13.2 5,146 14.4 West South Central 2,784 7.5 2,563 7.2 New England 1,681 4.5 1,727 4.8 Mountain 1,373 3.7 1,171 3.3 East North Central 1,176 3.2 1,491 4.2 West North Central 519 1.4 604 1.7 East South Central 413 1.1 552 1.5 Multi-Region and Other 7,118 19.1 4,572 12.8 Total amortized cost 37,196 100.0 35,772 100.0 Less: ACL 174 260 Carrying value, net of ACL 37,022 35,512 Property Type Office 14,223 38.2 15,477 43.3 Apartment 7,372 19.9 6,441 18.0 Retail 5,521 14.8 5,725 16.0 Industrial 4,217 11.3 3,735 10.4 Hotel 2,306 6.2 2,421 6.8 Other 3,557 9.6 1,973 5.5 Total amortized cost 37,196 100.0 35,772 100.0 Less: ACL 174 260 Carrying value, net of ACL 37,022 35,512 
 __________________ 
 Our commercial mortgage loan portfolio is well positioned with exposures concentrated in high quality underlying properties located in primary markets typically with institutional investors who are better positioned to manage their assets during periods of market volatility. Our portfolio is comprised primarily of lower risk loans with higher debt-service coverage ratios DSCR and lower loan-to-value LTV ratios. See Mortgage Loan Credit Quality Monitoring Process for further information and Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a distribution of our commercial mortgage loans by DSCR and LTV ratios. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Mortgage Loan Credit Quality Monitoring Process. We monitor our mortgage loan investments on an ongoing basis, including a review of loans by credit quality indicator and loans that are current, past due, restructured and under foreclosure. See Note 7 o f the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding mortgage loans by credit quality indicator, past due and nonaccrual mortgage loans. 
 We review our commercial mortgage loans on an ongoing basis. These reviews may include an analysis of the property financial statements and rent roll, lease rollover analysis, property inspections, market analysis, estimated valuations of the underlying collateral, LTV ratios, DSCR and tenant creditworthiness. The monitoring process focuses on higher risk loans, which include those that are classified as restructured, delinquent or in foreclosure, as well as loans with higher LTV ratios and lower DSCR. The monitoring process for agricultural mortgage loans is generally similar, with a focus on higher risk loans, such as loans with higher LTV ratios. Agricultural mortgage loans are reviewed on an ongoing basis which include, but are not limited to, property inspections, market analysis, estimated valuations of the underlying collateral, LTV ratios and borrower creditworthiness, including reviews on a geographic and property-type basis. We review our residential mortgage loans on an ongoing basis, with a focus on higher risk loans, such as nonperforming loans. See N ote 7 o f the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on our evaluation of residential mortgage loans and related ACL methodology. 
 LTV ratios and DSCR are common measures in the assessment of the quality of commercial mortgage loans. LTV ratios are a common measure in the assessment of the quality of agricultural mortgage loans. LTV ratios compare the amount of the loan to the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral. An LTV ratio greater than 100 indicates that the loan amount is greater than the collateral value. An LTV ratio of less than 100 indicates an excess of collateral value over the loan amount. Generally, the higher the LTV ratio, the higher the risk of experiencing a credit loss. The DSCR compares a property s net operating income to amounts needed to service the principal and interest due under the loan. Generally, the lower the DSCR, the higher the risk of experiencing a credit loss. For our commercial mortgage loans, our average LTV ratio was 58 and 56 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and our average DSCR was 2.4x at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. The DSCR and the values utilized in calculating the ratio are updated routinely. In addition, the LTV ratio is routinely updated for all but the lowest risk loans as part of our ongoing review of our commercial mortgage loan portfolio. For our agricultural mortgage loans, our average LTV ratio was 47 and 48 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The values utilized in calculating our agricultural mortgage loan LTV ratio are developed in connection with the ongoing review of our agricultural loan portfolio and are routinely updated. 
 Mortgage Loan Allowance for Credit Loss. Our ACL is established for both pools of loans with similar risk characteristics and for mortgage loans with dissimilar risk characteristics, collateral dependent loans and reasonably expected troubled debt restructurings, individually on a loan specific basis. We record an allowance for expected lifetime credit loss in earnings within net investment gains (losses) in an amount that represents the portion of the amortized cost basis of mortgage loans that the Company does not expect to collect, resulting in mortgage loans being presented at the net amount expected to be collected. 
 In determining our ACL, management (i) pools mortgage loans that share similar risk characteristics, (ii) considers expected lifetime credit loss over the contractual term of our mortgage loans, as adjusted for expected prepayments and any extensions, and (iii) considers past events and current and forecasted economic conditions. Actual credit loss realized could be different from the amount of the ACL recorded. These evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available, which can cause the ACL to increase or decrease over time as such evaluations are revised. Negative credit migration, including an actual or expected increase in the level of problem loans, will result in an increase in the ACL. Positive credit mi gration, including an actual or expected decrease in the level of problem loans, will result in a decrease in the ACL. See Notes 1 and 7 o f the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on how the ACL is established and monitored, and activity in and balances of the ACL. 
 
 Real Estate and Real Estate Joint Ventures 
 Our real estate investments are comprised of wholly-owned properties, and interests in both real estate joint ventures and real estate funds which invest in a wide variety of properties and property types, including single and multi-property projects, and broadly diversified across multiple property types and geographies. 
 The carrying value of our real estate investments was 8.4 billion and 7.9 billion, or 3.2 and 2.7 of cash and invested assets, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Our real estate investments are typically stabilized properties that we intend to hold for the longer-term for portfolio diversification and long-term appreciation. Our real estate investment portfolio had significantly appreciated to a 4.7 billion and 4.9 billion unrealized gain position at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 We continuously monitor and assess our real estate investments for impairment when facts and circumstances indicate that the real estate may be impaired. There were no impairments (losses) recognized on our real estate investments for either the year ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 We diversify our real estate investments by property type, form of equity interest (wholly-owned, joint venture and funds) and geographic region to reduce risk of concentration. See Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of our real estate investments, by income type, as well as income earned. 
 Property type diversification: Our real estate investments are categorized by property type as follows at: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Property Type Carrying Value of Total Carrying Value of Total (Dollars in millions) Office 2,487 29.5 2,583 32.8 Apartment 950 11.3 1,020 13.0 Retail 730 8.6 530 6.7 Hotel 665 7.9 581 7.4 Land 362 4.3 396 5.0 Industrial 268 3.2 336 4.3 Agriculture 5 0.1 18 0.2 Other 6 0.1 9 0.1 Wholly-owned and real estate joint ventures 5,473 65.0 5,473 69.5 Diversified property types and multi-property 1,156 13.8 931 11.8 Real estate funds 1,787 21.2 1,469 18.7 Total real estate and real estate joint ventures 8,416 100.0 7,873 100.0 
 Geographical diversification: Wholly-owned and real estate joint ventures totaled 5.5 billion at December 31, 2022, substantially all of which were located in the U.S., at December 31, 2022, at carrying value. The portion of these properties located in Washington, D.C., Georgia and Massachusetts were each 13 at December 31, 2022, at carrying value. 
 
 Other Limited Partnership Interests 
 Other limited partnership interests are comprised of investments in private funds, including private equity funds and hedge funds. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of other limited partnership interests was 7.9 billion and 8.8 billion, which included 205 million and 350 million of hedge funds, respectively. Other limited partnership interests were 3.0 of cash and investe d assets at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Cash distributions on these investments are generated from investment gains, operating income from the underlying investments of the funds and liquidation of the underlying investments of the funds. 
 We use the equity method of accounting for most of our private equity funds. We generally recognize our share of a private equity fund s earnings in net investment income on a three-month lag when the information is reported to us. Accordingly, changes in equity market levels, which can impact the underlying results of these private equity funds, are recognized in earnings within our net investment income on a three-month lag. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Other Invested Assets 
 The following table presents the carrying value of our other invested assets by type at: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Carrying Value of Total Carrying Value of Total Asset Type (Dollars in millions) Freestanding derivatives with positive estimated fair values 8,396 43.8 8,618 43.4 Funds withheld 3,170 16.6 3,390 17.1 Tax credit and renewable energy partnerships 1,308 6.8 1,554 7.8 Affiliated investments 1,307 6.8 1,499 7.5 Annuities funding structured settlement claims 1,238 6.5 1,251 6.3 FVO Securities 844 4.4 848 4.3 Leveraged leases 731 3.8 787 4.0 FHLBNY common stock 659 3.4 718 3.6 Operating joint venture 400 2.1 411 2.1 Equity securities 240 1.3 226 1.1 Direct financing leases 127 0.7 137 0.7 Other 728 3.8 421 2.1 Total 19,148 100.0 19,860 100.0 Percentage of cash and invested assets 7.3 6.8 
 See Notes 1, 5, 7 and 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding freestanding derivatives with positive estimated fair values, funds withheld, which is comprised primarily of affiliated funds withheld, tax credit and renewable energy partnerships, affiliated investments, annuities funding structured settlement claims, FVO Securities, leveraged and direct financing leases, Federal Home Loan Bank of New York FHLBNY common stock, our operating joint venture and equity securities, as well as gains (losses) on disposals of leveraged leases and renewable energy partnerships. 
 Investment Commitments 
 We enter into the following commitments in the normal course of business for the purpose of enhancing the total return on our investment portfolio: mortgage loan commitments and commitments to fund partnerships, bank credit facilities, bridge loans and private corporate bond investments. See Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the amount of our unfunded investment commitments at December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Net Investment Income and Net Investment Gains (Losses) in Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the investment income, investment expense, gains and losses from such investments and the liability for credit loss for unfunded mortgage loan commitments. See also Fixed Maturity Securities AFS, Mortgage Loans, Real Estate and Real Estate Joint Ventures and Other Limited Partnership Interests. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Derivatives 
 
 Overview 
 We are exposed to various risks relating to our ongoing business operations, including interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate, credit and equity market. We use a variety of strategies to manage these risks, including the use of derivatives, such as market standard purchased and written credit default swap contracts. See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for: 
 A comprehensive description of the nature of our derivatives, including the strategies for which derivatives are used in managing various risks. 
 Information about the primary underlying risk exposure, gross notional amount, and estimated fair value of our derivatives by type of hedge designation, excluding embedded derivatives held at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The statement of operations effects of derivatives in cash flow, fair value, or nonqualifying hedge relationships for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 We enter into market standard purchased and written credit default swap contracts. Payout under such contracts is triggered by certain credit events experienced by the referenced entities. For credit default swaps covering North American corporate issuers, credit events typically include bankruptcy and failure to pay on borrowed money. For European corporate issuers, credit events typically also include involuntary restructuring. With respect to credit default contracts on sovereign debt, credit events typically include failure to pay debt obligations, repudiation, moratorium, or involuntary restructuring. In each case, payout on a credit default swap is triggered only after the relevant third party, Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, determines that a credit event has occurred. 
 We use purchased credit default swaps to mitigate credit risk in our investment portfolio. Generally, we purchase credit protection by entering into credit default swaps referencing the issuers of specific assets we own. In certain cases, basis risk exists between these credit default swaps and the specific assets we own. For example, we may purchase credit protection on a macro basis to reduce exposure to specific industries or other portfolio concentrations. In such instances, the referenced entities and obligations under the credit default swaps may not be identical to the individual obligors or securities in our investment portfolio. In addition, our purchased credit default swaps may have shorter tenors than the underlying investments they are hedging, which gives us more flexibility in managing our credit exposures. We believe that our purchased credit default swaps serve as effective economic hedges of our credit exposure. 
 See Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Management of Market Risk Exposures Hedging Activities for more information about our use of derivatives by major hedge program. 
 
 Fair Value Hierarchy 
 See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for derivatives measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis and their corresponding fair value hierarchy. 
 The valuation of Level 3 derivatives involves the use of significant unobservable inputs and generally requires a higher degree of management judgment or estimation than the valuations of Level 1 and Level 2 derivatives. Although Level 3 inputs are unobservable, management believes they are consistent with what other market participants would use when pricing such instruments and are considered appropriate given the circumstances. The use of different inputs or methodologies could have a material effect on the estimated fair value of Level 3 derivatives and could materially affect net income. 
 Derivatives categorized as Level 3 at December 31, 2022 include: interest rate forwards with maturities which extend beyond the observable portion of the yield curve and credit default swaps priced using unobservable credit spreads, or that are priced through independent broker quotations. At December 31, 2022, 1 of the estimated fair value of our derivatives was priced through independent broker quotations. 
 See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a rollforward of the fair value measurements for derivatives measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable (Level 3) inputs. 
 See Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates Derivatives for further information on the estimates and assumptions that affect derivatives. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Risk 
 See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information about how we manage credit risk related to derivatives and for the estimated fair value of our net derivative assets and net derivative liabilities after the application of master netting agreements and collateral. 
 Our policy is not to offset the fair value amounts recognized for derivatives executed with the same counterparty under the same master netting agreement. This policy applies to the recognition of derivatives on the consolidated balance sheets and does not affect our legal right of offset. 
 
 Credit Derivatives 
 The following table presents the gross notional amount and estimated fair value of credit default swaps at: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Credit Default Swaps Gross Notional Amount Estimated Fair Value Gross Notional Amount Estimated Fair Value (In millions) Purchased 843 16 956 4 Written 9,074 87 6,074 99 Total 9,917 103 7,030 103 
 __________________ 
 The following table presents the gross gains, gross losses and net gains (losses) recognized in net derivative gains (losses) for credit default swaps as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Credit Default Swaps Gross Gains Gross Losses Net Gains (Losses) Gross Gains Gross Losses Net Gains (Losses) (In millions) Purchased (1) 47 (3) 44 8 (6) 2 Written (1) 40 (106) (66) 34 (11) 23 Total 87 (109) (22) 42 (17) 25 
 __________________ 
 (1) Gains (losses) do not include earned income (expense) on credit default swaps. 
 The unfavorable change in net gains (losses) on written credit default swaps was 89 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due to certain credit spreads on certain credit default swaps used as replications widening in the current period and narrowing in the prior period. 
 The maximum amount at risk related to our written credit default swaps is equal to the corresponding gross notional amount. In a replication transaction, we pair an asset on our balance sheet with a written credit default swap to synthetically replicate a corporate bond, a core asset holding of life insurance companies. Replications are entered into in accordance with the guidelines approved by state insurance regulators and the NAIC and are an important tool in managing the overall corporate credit risk within the Company. In order to match our long-dated insurance liabilities, we seek to buy long-dated corporate bonds. In some instances, these may not be readily available in the market, or they may be issued by corporations to which we already have significant corporate credit exposure. For example, by purchasing Treasury bonds (or other high quality assets) and associating them with written credit default swaps on the desired corporate credit name, we can replicate the desired bond exposures and meet our ALM needs. In addition, given the shorter tenor of the credit default swaps (generally five-year tenors) versus a long-dated corporate bond, we have more flexibility in managing our credit exposures. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Collateral for Derivatives 
 We enter into derivatives to manage various risks relating to our ongoing business operations. We receive non-cash collateral from counterparties for derivatives, which can be sold or re-pledged subject to certain constraints, and which is not reflected on our consolidated balance sheets. The amounts of this non-cash collateral were 1.4 billion and 814 million at estimated fair value, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity and Capital Uses Pledged Collateral and Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the earned income on and the gross notional amount, estimated fair value of assets and liabilities and primary underlying risk exposure of our derivatives. 
 Embedded Derivatives 
 See Notes 8 and 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information about embedded derivatives. 
 See Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates Derivatives for further information on the estimates and assumptions that affect embedded derivatives. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 Our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and the economy generally due to our large investment portfolio and the sensitivity of our insurance liabilities and derivatives to changing market factors. Changing conditions in the global financial markets and the economy may affect our financing costs and market interest for our debt securities. For further information regarding market factors that could affect our ability to meet liquidity and capital needs, see Investments Current Environment. 
 
 Liquidity Management 
 Based upon the strength of our franchise, diversification of our businesses, strong financial fundamentals and the substantial funding sources available to us as described herein, we continue to believe we have access to ample liquidity to meet business requirements under current market conditions and reasonably possible stress scenarios. We continuously monitor and adjust our liquidity and capital plans for Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and its subsidiaries in light of market conditions, as well as changing needs and opportunities. 
 
 Short-term Liquidity 
 We maintain a substantial short-term liquidity position, which was 6.0 billion and 1.8 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Short-term liquidity includes cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed, including amounts received in connection with securities lending, repurchase agreements, derivatives, and secured borrowings, as well as amounts held in the closed block. 
 
 Liquid Assets 
 An integral part of our liquidity management includes managing our level of liquid assets, which was 74.0 billion and 87.6 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Liquid assets include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and publicly-traded securities, excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed. Assets pledged or otherwise committed include amounts received in connection with securities lending, repurchase agreements, derivatives, regulatory deposits, funding agreements and secured borrowings, as well as amounts held in the closed block. 
 
 Liquidity 
 Liquidity refers to the ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet our needs. We determine our liquidity needs based on a rolling 12-month forecast by portfolio of invested assets which we monitor daily. We adjust the asset mix and asset maturities based on this rolling 12-month forecast. To support this forecast, we conduct cash flow and stress testing, which include various scenarios of the potential risk of early contractholder and policyholder withdrawal. We include provisions limiting withdrawal rights on many of our products, including general account pension products sold to employee benefit plan sponsors. Certain of these provisions prevent the customer from making withdrawals prior to the maturity date of the product. In the event of significant cash requirements beyond anticipated liquidity needs, we have various alternatives available depending on market conditions and the amount and timing of the liquidity need. These available alternatives include cash flows from operations, sales of liquid assets and global funding sources, including commercial paper and the Credit Facility. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Under certain stressful market and economic conditions, our access to liquidity may deteriorate, or the cost to access liquidity may increase. A downgrade in our insurer financial strength or credit ratings, or the credit ratings or insurer financial strength ratings of MetLife, Inc. or its other subsidiaries could also negatively affect our liquidity. See Rating Agencies. If we require significant amounts of cash on short notice in excess of anticipated cash requirements or if we are required to post or return cash collateral in connection with derivatives or our securities lending program, we may have difficulty selling investments in a timely manner, be forced to sell them for less than we otherwise would have been able to realize, or both. In addition, in the event of such forced sale, for securities in an unrealized loss position, realized losses would be incurred on securities sold and impairments would be incurred, if there is a need to sell securities prior to recovery, which may negatively impact our financial condition. See Risk Factors Investment Risks We May Have Difficulty Selling Holdings in Our Investment Portfolio or in Our Securities Lending Program in a Timely Manner to Realize Their Full Value. 
 All general account assets within a particular legal entity other than those which may have been pledged to a specific purpose are generally available to fund obligations of the general account of that legal entity. 
 
 Capital 
 We manage our capital position to maintain our financial strength and credit ratings. See Rating Agencies for information regarding such ratings. Our capital position is supported by our ability to generate strong cash flows within our operating companies and borrow funds at competitive rates, as well as by our demonstrated ability to raise additional capital to meet operating and growth needs despite adverse market and economic conditions. 
 
 Statutory Capital and Dividends 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company has statutory surplus well above levels to meet current regulatory requirements. 
 RBC requirements are used as minimum capital requirements by the NAIC and the state insurance departments to identify companies that merit regulatory action. RBC is based on a formula calculated by applying factors to various asset, premium, claim, expense and statutory reserve items. The formula takes into account the risk characteristics of the insurer, including asset risk, insurance risk, interest rate risk, market risk and business risk and is calculated on an annual basis. The formula is used as an early warning regulatory tool to identify possible inadequately capitalized insurers for purposes of initiating regulatory action, and not as a means to rank insurers generally. These rules apply to Metropolitan Life Insurance Company. State insurance laws provide insurance regulators the authority to require various actions by, or take various actions against, insurers whose total adjusted capital does not meet or exceed certain RBC levels. As of the date of the most recent annual statutory financial statement filed with insurance regulators, the total adjusted capital of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company was in excess of each of those RBC levels. 
 The amount of dividends that Metropolitan Life Insurance Company can pay to MetLife, Inc. is constrained by the amount of surplus Metropolitan Life Insurance Company holds to maintain its ratings and provides an additional margin for risk protection and investment in its businesses. We proactively take actions to maintain capital consistent with these ratings objectives, which may include adjusting dividend amounts and deploying financial resources from internal or external sources of capital. Certain of these activities may require regulatory approval. Furthermore, the payment of dividends and other distributions to MetLife, Inc. by Metropolitan Life Insurance Company is governed by insurance laws and regulations. See Business Regulation Insurance Regulation and Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Affiliated Captive Reinsurance Transactions 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company cedes specific policy classes, including ordinary life insurance and participating whole life insurance, to a wholly-owned subsidiary, Missouri Reinsurance, Inc. MoRe ). The results of these transactions are eliminated within our consolidated results of operations. MetLife, Inc. has also provided a guarantee of MoRe s payment obligations in a retrocession agreement entered into by MoRe. In addition, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company cedes specific policy classes, including term life insurance, universal life insurance and ordinary and industrial life insurance, to other affiliated captive reinsurers. MetLife, Inc. has committed to maintain the surplus of the other affiliated captive reinsurers, as well as provide a guarantee of one such captive reinsurer s repayment obligations on letters of credit issued by unaffiliated financial institutions. The statutory reserves of such affiliated captive reinsurers are supported by a combination of funds withheld assets, investment assets and the letters of credit. We enter into reinsurance agreements with affiliated captive reinsurers for risk and capital management purposes, as well as to manage statutory reserve requirements related to universal life and term life insurance policies and other business. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 The NYDFS continues to have a moratorium on new reserve financing transactions involving captive insurers. We are not aware of any states other than New York implementing such a moratorium. While such a moratorium would not impact our existing reinsurance agreements with affiliated captive reinsurers, a moratorium placed on the use of captives for new reserve financing transactions could impact our ability to write certain products and/or impact our RBC ratio and ability to deploy excess capital in the future. This could result in our need to increase prices, modify product features or limit the availability of those products to our customers. While this affects insurers across the industry, it could adversely impact our competitive position and our results of operations in the future. We continue to evaluate product modifications, pricing structure and alternative means of managing risks, capital and statutory reserves and we expect the discontinued use of captive reinsurance on new reserve financing transactions would not have a material impact on our future consolidated financial results. See Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on our reinsurance activities. 
 
 Rating Agencies 
 Rating agencies assign insurer financial strength and credit ratings to Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and MetLife, Inc. s other insurance subsidiaries, as well as credit ratings to MetLife, Inc. Financial strength ratings represent the opinion of rating agencies regarding the ability of an insurance company to pay obligations under insurance policies and contracts in accordance with their terms. Insurer financial strength ratings are not statements of fact nor are they recommendations to purchase, hold or sell any security, contract or policy. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
 Rating agencies use an outlook statement of positive, stable, negative or developing to indicate a medium- or long-term trend in credit fundamentals which, if continued, may lead to a rating change. A rating may have a stable outlook to indicate that the rating is not expected to change; however, a stable rating does not preclude a rating agency from changing a rating at any time, without notice. Certain rating agencies assign rating modifiers such as CreditWatch or under review to indicate their opinion regarding the potential direction of a rating. These ratings modifiers are generally assigned in connection with certain events such as potential mergers, acquisitions, dispositions or material changes in a company s results, in order for the rating agency to perform its analysis to fully determine the rating implications of the event. 
 Our insurer financial strength ratings at the date of this filing are indicated in the following table. Outlook is stable unless otherwise indicated. Additional information about financial strength ratings can be found on the websites of the respective rating agencies. 
 A.M. Best Fitch Moody s S P Ratings Structure A++ (Superior) to S (Suspended) AAA (Exceptionally Strong) to C (Distressed) Aaa (Highest Quality) to C (Lowest Rated) AAA (Extremely Strong) to SD (Selective Default) or D (Default) Metropolitan Life Insurance Company A+ AA- Aa3 AA- 2nd of 16 4th of 19 4th of 21 4th of 21 
 Credit ratings indicate the rating agency s opinion regarding a debt issuer s ability to meet the terms of debt obligations in a timely manner. They are important factors in our overall funding profile and ability to access certain types of liquidity. The level and composition of regulatory capital of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company are among the many factors considered in determining our insurer financial strength ratings and credit ratings. Each agency has its own capital adequacy evaluation methodology, and assessments are generally based on a combination of factors. In addition to heightening the level of scrutiny that they apply to insurance companies, rating agencies have increased and may continue to increase the frequency and scope of their credit reviews, may request additional information from the companies that they rate and may change the capital and other requirements employed in the rating agency models for maintenance of certain ratings levels. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 A downgrade in our insurer financial strength or credit ratings, or the credit ratings or insurer financial strength ratings of MetLife, Inc. or its other subsidiaries would likely impact us in the following ways, including: 
 impact our ability to generate cash flows from the sale of funding agreements and other capital market products offered by our RIS business; 
 impact the cost and availability of financing for MetLife, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including Metropolitan Life Insurance Company; and 
 result in additional collateral requirements or other required payments under certain agreements, which are eligible to be satisfied in cash or by posting investments held by the entities subject to the agreements. See Liquidity and Capital Uses Pledged Collateral. 
 See also Risk Factors Economic Environment and Capital Markets Risks We May Lose Business Due to a Downgrade or a Potential Downgrade in Financial Strength or Credit Ratings. 
 
 Summary of Primary Sources and Uses of Liquidity and Capital 
 Our primary sources and uses of liquidity and capital are summarized as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Sources: Operating activities, net 4,667 3,257 Investing activities, net 3,498 Net change in policyholder account balances 5,266 Net change in payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions 1,744 Long-term debt issued 64 35 Financing element on certain derivative instruments and other derivative related transactions, net 308 173 Total sources 13,803 5,209 Uses: Investing activities, net 875 Net change in policyholder account balances 2,249 Net change in payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions 10,695 Long-term debt repaid 57 26 Dividends paid to MetLife, Inc. 3,539 3,393 Other, net 57 42 Effect of change in foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents balances 7 4 Total uses 14,355 6,589 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (552) (1,380) 
 
 Cash Flows from Operations 
 The principal cash inflows from our insurance activities come from insurance premiums, net investment income, annuity considerations and deposit funds. The principal cash outflows are the result of various life insurance, annuity and pension products, operating expenses and income tax, as well as interest expense. 
 
 Cash Flows from Investments 
 The principal cash inflows from our investment activities come from repayments of principal, proceeds from maturities and sales of investments and settlements of freestanding derivatives. The principal cash outflows relate to purchases of investments, issuances of policy loans and settlements of freestanding derivatives. We typically have a net cash outflow from investing activities because cash inflows from insurance operations are reinvested in accordance with our ALM discipline to fund insurance liabilities. We closely monitor and manage these risks through our comprehensive investment risk management process. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows from Financing 
 The principal cash inflows from our financing activities come from issuances of debt, deposits of funds associated with policyholder account balances and lending of securities. The principal cash outflows come from repayments of debt, payments of dividends on Metropolitan Life Insurance Company s common stock, withdrawals associated with policyholder account balances and the return of securities on loan. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Sources 
 In addition to the general description of liquidity and capital sources in Summary of Primary Sources and Uses of Liquidity and Capital, the Company s primary sources of liquidity and capit al are set forth below . 
 
 Global Funding Sources 
 Liquidity is provided by a variety of global funding sources, including funding agreements, the Credit Facility and commercial paper. Capital is provided by a variety of global funding sources, including short-term and long-term debt. The diversity of our global funding sources enhances our funding flexibility, limits dependence on any one market or source of funds and generally lowers the cost of funds. Our primary global funding sources include: 
 
 Commercial Paper, Reported in Short-term Debt 
 MetLife Funding and MetLife, Inc. each have a commercial paper program that is supported by the Credit Facility (see Credit Facility ). MetLife Funding raises cash from its commercial paper program and uses the proceeds to extend loans through MetLife Credit Corp., another subsidiary of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, to affiliates in order to enhance the financial flexibility and liquidity of these companies. 
 
 Policyholder Account Balances 
 See Notes 1 and 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of the components of policyholder account balances. See Liquidity and Capital Uses Insurance Liabilities regarding the source and uncertainties associated with the estimation of the contractual obligations related to future policy benefits and policyholder account balances. 
 The sum of the estimated cash flows of 106.4 billion 25.4 billion of which are estimated to occur in one year or less) exceeds the liability amount of 100.0 billion included on the consolidated balance sheet principally due to (i) the time value of money, which accounts for a substantial portion of the difference; (ii) differences in assumptions, between the date the liabilities were initially established and the current date; and (iii) liabilities related to accounting conventions, or which are not contractually due, which are excluded. 
 The estimated cash flows represent cash payments undiscounted as to interest and including assumptions related to the receipt of future premiums and deposits; withdrawals, including unscheduled or partial withdrawals; policy lapses; surrender charges; annuitization; mortality; future interest credited; policy loans and other contingent events as appropriate for the respective product type. Such estimated cash payments are also presented net of estimated future premiums on policies currently in-force and gross of any reinsurance recoverable. For obligations denominated in foreign currencies, cash payments have been estimated using current spot foreign currency rates. 
 FHLBNY Funding Agreements, Reported in Policyholder Account Balances 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company is a member of FHLBNY. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we issued 27.1 billion and 31.7 billion, respectively, and repaid 28.3 billion and 32.2 billion, respectively, of funding agreements with FHLBNY. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, total obligations outstanding under these funding agreements were 13.5 billion and 14.7 billion, respectively. See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Special Purpose Entity Funding Agreements, Reported in Policyholder Account Balances 
 We issue fixed and floating rate funding agreements which are denominated in either U.S. dollars or foreign currencies, to certain unconsolidated special purpose entities that have issued either debt securities or commercial paper for which payment of interest and principal is secured by such funding agreements. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we issued 45.8 billion and 39.5 billion, respectively, and repaid 44.9 billion and 41.2 billion, respectively, under such funding agreements. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, total obligations outstanding under these funding agreements were 38.2 billion and 37.2 billion, respectively. See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation Funding Agreements, Reported in Policyholder Account Balances 
 We have issued funding agreements to a subsidiary of Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation, which are secured by a pledge of certain eligible agricultural mortgage loans. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we issued 625 million and 425 million, respectively, and repaid 625 million and 750 million, respectively, under such funding agreements. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, total obligations outstanding under these funding agreements were 2.1 billion. See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Credit Facility 
 See Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the Credit Facility. 
 We have no reason to believe that our lending counterparties will be unable to fulfill their respective contractual obligations under this facility. As commitments under the Credit Facility may expire unused, these amounts do not necessarily reflect our actual future cash funding requirements. 
 
 Outstanding Debt Under Global Funding Sources 
 The following table summarizes our outstanding debt at: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Short-term debt 99 100 Long-term debt (1) 1,676 1,659 
 ______________ 
 (1) Includes 438 million and 482 million of long-term debt that is non-recourse to the Company, subject to customary exceptions, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Certain investment subsidiaries have pledged assets to secure this debt. 
 
 Debt and Facility Covenants 
 Certain of our debt instruments and the Credit Facility contain various administrative, reporting, legal and financial covenants. We believe we were in compliance with all applicable financial covenants at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Uses 
 In addition to the general description of liquidity and capital uses in Summary of Primary Sources and Uses of Liquidity and Capital, the Company s primary uses of liquidity and capital are set forth below. 
 
 Dividends 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company paid cash dividends to MetLife, Inc. of 3.5 billion and 3.4 billion, respectively. See Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Debt Repayments 
 See Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on long-term and short-term debt. 
 
 Support Agreements 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company is a party to a capital support commitment with its subsidiary, MetLife Funding. Under the arrangement, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company has agreed to cause such entity to meet specified capital requirements. We anticipate that in the event this arrangement places demands upon us, there will be sufficient liquidity and capital to enable us to meet such demands. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Insurance Liabilities 
 Insurance liabilities include future policy benefits, other policy-related balances, policyholder dividends payable and the policyholder dividend obligation, which are all reported on the consolidated balance sheet and are more fully described in Notes 1 and 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The sum of the estimated cash flows of 244.9 billion 13.4 billion of which are estimated to occur in one year or less) exceeds the liability amounts of 141.8 billion included on the consolidated balance sheet principally due to (i) the time value of money, which accounts for a substantial portion of the difference; (ii) differences in assumptions, most significantly mortality, between the date the liabilities were initially established and the current date; and (iii) liabilities related to accounting conventions, or which are not contractually due, which are excluded. 
 The estimated cash flows reflect future estimated cash payments and (i) are based on mortality, morbidity, lapse and other assumptions comparable with our experience and expectations of future payment patterns; and (ii) consider future premium receipts on current policies in-force. Estimated cash payments are undiscounted as to interest, net of estimated future premiums on in-force policies and gross of any reinsurance recoverable. Payment of amounts related to policyholder dividends left on deposit are projected based on assumptions of policyholder withdrawal activity. 
 Actual cash payments may differ significantly from the liabilities as presented on the consolidated balance sheet and the estimated cash payments due to differences between actual experience and the assumptions used in the establishment of these liabilities and the estimation of these cash payments. 
 For the majority of our insurance operations, estimated contractual obligations for future policy benefits and policyholder account balances are derived from the annual asset adequacy analysis used to develop actuarial opinions of statutory reserve adequacy for state regulatory purposes. These cash flows are materially representative of the cash flows under GAAP. See Liquidity and Capital Sources Global Funding Sources Policyholder Account Balances. 
 Liabilities arising from our insurance activities primarily relate to benefit payments under various life insurance, annuity and group pension products, as well as payments for policy surrenders, withdrawals and loans. For annuity or deposit type products, surrender or lapse behavior differs somewhat by segment. In the MetLife Holdings segment, which includes individual annuities, lapses and surrenders tend to occur in the normal course of business. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, general account surrenders and withdrawals from annuity products were 1.5 billion and 1.3 billion, respectively. In the RIS business within the U.S. segment, which includes pension risk transfers, bank-owned life insurance and other fixed annuity contracts, as well as funding agreements and other capital market products, most of the products offered have fixed maturities or fairly predictable surrenders or withdrawals. With regard to the RIS business products that provide customers with limited rights to accelerate payments, at December 31, 2022, there were funding agreements totaling 127 million that could be put back to the Company. 
 
 Pledged Collateral 
 We pledge collateral to, and have collateral pledged to us by, counterparties in connection with our derivatives. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had received pledged cash collateral from counterparties of 4.3 billion and 6.6 billion, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had pledged cash collateral to counterparties of 2 million and 0, respectively. See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 We also pledge collateral from time to time in connection with funding agreements. See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Securities Lending Transactions and Repurchase Agreements 
 See Investments Securities Lending Transactions and Repurchase Agreements. 
 
 Litigation 
 We establish liabilities for litigation and regulatory loss contingencies when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. For material matters where a loss is believed to be reasonably possible but not probable, no accrual is made but we disclose the nature of the contingency and an aggregate estimate of the reasonably possible range of loss in excess of amounts accrued, when such an estimate can be made. It is not possible to predict the ultimate outcome of all pending investigations and legal proceedings. In some of the matters referred to herein, very large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive and treble damages, are sought. Given the large and/or indeterminate amounts sought in certain of these matters and the inherent unpredictability of litigation, it is possible that an adverse outcome in certain matters could, from time to time, have a material adverse effect on our consolidated net income or cash flows in particular quarterly or annual periods. See Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Future Adoption of Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Non-GAAP and Other Financial Disclosures 
 In this report, the Company presents certain measures of its performance that are not calculated in accordance with GAAP. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures enhance the understanding for the Company and our investors of our performance by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability drivers of our business. 
 The following non-GAAP financial measures should not be viewed as substitutes for the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP: 
 Non-GAAP financial measures: Comparable GAAP financial measures: (i) adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues (i) premiums, fees and other revenues (ii) adjusted earnings (ii) net income (loss) (iii) adjusted net investment income (iii) net investment income 
 Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable historical GAAP financial measures are included in Results of Operations and Investments. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are not accessible on a forward-looking basis because we believe it is not possible without unreasonable effort to provide other than a range of net investment gains and losses and net derivative gains and losses, which can fluctuate significantly within or outside the range and from period to period and may have a material impact on net income. 
 Our definitions of non-GAAP and other financial measures discussed in this report may differ from those used by other companies. 
 Adjusted earnings 
 This measure is used by management to evaluate performance and allocate resources. Consistent with GAAP guidance for segment reporting, adjusted earnings is also our GAAP measure of segment performance. Adjusted earnings allows analysis of our performance and facilitates comparisons to industry results. 
 Adjusted earnings is defined as adjusted revenues less adjusted expenses, net of income tax. Adjusted loss is defined as negative adjusted earnings. For information relating to adjusted revenues and adjusted expenses, see Financial Measures and Segment Accounting Policies in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The following additional information is relevant to an understanding of our performance results: 
 We sometimes refer to sales activity for various products. These sales statistics do not correspond to revenues under GAAP, but are used as relevant measures of business activity. 
 Near-term represents one to three years. 
 Allocated equity is the portion of common stockholders equity that MetLife s management allocates to each of its segments and sub-segments based on local capital requirements and economic capital. See Risk Management Economic Capital. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Risk Management 
 MetLife has an integrated process for managing risk, that is supported by a Risk Appetite Statement approved by the MetLife, Inc. Board of Directors (the Board or Board of Directors ). Risk management is overseen and conducted through multiple Board and senior management risk committees (financial and non-financial). The risk committees are established at the enterprise and local levels, as needed, to oversee capital and risk positions, approve ALM strategies and limits, and establish certain corporate risk standards and policies. The risk committees are comprised of senior leaders from the lines of business and corporate functions which ensures comprehensive coverage and sharing of risk reporting. The Enterprise Risk Committee ERC is responsible for reviewing all material risks impacting the enterprise and deciding on actions, if necessary, in the event risks exceed desired tolerances, taking into consideration industry best practices and the current environment to resolve or mitigate those risks. 
 
 Three Lines of Defense 
 MetLife operates under the Three Lines of Defense model. Under this model, the lines of business and corporate functions are the first and primary line of defense in identifying, measuring, monitoring, managing, and reporting risks. Global Risk Management forms the second line of defense providing strategic advisory services and effective challenge and oversight to the business and corporate functions in the first line of defense. Internal Audit serves as the third line of defense, providing independent assurance and testing over the risk and control environment and related processes and controls. 
 
 Global Risk Management 
 Independent from the lines of business, the centralized Global Risk Management department, led by the Chief Risk Officer CRO ), coordinates across all risk committees to ensure that all material risks are properly identified, measured, monitored, managed and reported across the Company. The CRO reports to the Chief Executive Officer CEO and is primarily responsible for maintaining and communicating the Company s enterprise risk policies and for monitoring and analyzing all material risks. 
 Global Risk Management considers and monitors a full range of risks relating to the Company s solvency, liquidity, earnings, business operations and reputation. Global Risk Management s primary responsibilities consist of: 
 implementing an enterprise risk framework, which outlines our enterprise approach for managing financial and non-financial risk; 
 developing policies and procedures for identifying, measuring, monitoring, managing and reporting those risks identified in the enterprise risk framework; 
 coordinating Own Risk Solvency Assessment for Board, senior management and regulator use; 
 establishing appropriate corporate risk tolerance levels; 
 measuring capital on an economic basis; 
 mitigating compliance risk and establishing controls; 
 integrating climate risk into MetLife s risk management framework and developing impact assessment capabilities; and 
 reporting to (i) the Finance and Risk Committee of MetLife, Inc. s Board of Directors; (ii) the Compensation Committee of MetLife, Inc. s Board of Directors; and (iii) the financial and non-financial senior management committees on various aspects of risk. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Key Risk Types 
 MetLife has defined each material risk to which it is exposed and has established individual frameworks to monitor, manage and report on the respective risk. 
 Market Risk: is the risk of loss due to potential changes in the value of assets and liabilities arising from fluctuations in financial market, real estate, and other economic factors. Market risk is comprised of interest rate risk, equity risk, foreign currency exchange rate risk, spread risk and inflation risk. 
 Credit Risk: is the risk of loss or credit rating downgrade arising from an obligor or counterparty with a direct or contingent financial obligation to MetLife that is either unable or unwilling to meet its obligation in full and on a timely basis. These risks arise from public fixed income assets, private loans including real estate, derivative transactions, bank deposits, reinsurance treaties and other similar contracts. 
 Insurance Risk: is the risk of loss or adverse change in insurance liabilities from changes in the level, trend, and volatility of insurance and policyholder behavior experience varying from best estimate assumptions. These variances can be driven by catastrophic events such as pandemics or can be the result of misestimating base assumptions. Insurance risks to MetLife generally arise from mortality, morbidity, longevity, and policyholder behavior. 
 Non-Financial Risk: is the risk of failed or inadequate internal processes, human errors, system errors or external events that may result in financial loss, non-financial damage, and/or non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Non-Financial risk captures operational and compliance risks, including risks such as business interruption, customer protection, financial crime, privacy, fraud and theft, and information security risk. 
 Liquidity Risk: refers to the risk that MetLife is unable to raise cash necessary to meet current obligations. 
 
 Economic Capital 
 Economic capital is an internally developed risk capital model, the purpose of which is to measure the risk in the business and to provide a basis upon which capital can be deployed. The economic capital model accounts for the unique and specific nature of the risks inherent in MetLife s and the Company s business. MetLife s economic capital model, coupled with considerations of local capital requirements, aligns segment allocated equity with emerging standards and consistent risk principles. The model applies statistics-based risk evaluation principles to the material risks to which the Company is exposed. These consistent risk principles include calibrating required economic capital shock factors to a specific confidence level and time horizon while applying an industry standard method for the inclusion of diversification benefits among risk types. MetLife s management is responsible for the ongoing production and enhancement of the economic capital model and reviews its approach periodically to ensure that it remains consistent with emerging industry practice standards. For further information, see Financial Measures and Segment Accounting Policies in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Asset/Liability Management 
 MetLife actively manages our assets using an approach that is liability driven and balances quality, diversification, asset/liability matching, liquidity, concentration and investment return. The goals of the investment process are to optimize, net of income tax, risk-adjusted investment income and risk-adjusted total return while ensuring that the assets and liabilities are reasonably aligned on a cash flow and duration basis. The ALM process is the shared responsibility of the ALM, Global Risk Management, and Investments departments, with the engagement of senior members of the business segments and Finance, and is governed by the ALM Committees. The ALM Committees duties include reviewing and approving investment guidelines and limits, approving significant portfolio and ALM strategies and providing oversight of the ALM process. The directives of the ALM Committees are carried out and monitored through ALM Working Groups which are set up to manage risk by geography, product or portfolio type. The ALM Steering Committee oversees the activities of the underlying ALM Committees and Working Groups. The ALM Steering Committee reports to the ERC. 
 MetLife establishes portfolio guidelines that define ranges and limits related to asset allocation, interest rate risk, liquidity, concentration and other risks for each major business segment, legal entity or insurance product group. These guidelines support implementation of investment strategies used to adequately fund our liabilities within acceptable levels of risk. MetLife also establishes hedging programs and associated investment portfolios for different blocks of business. The ALM Working Groups monitor these strategies and programs through regular review of portfolio metrics, such as effective duration, yield curve sensitivity, convexity, value at risk, market sensitivities (to interest rates, equity market levels, equity volatility, foreign currency exchange rates and inflation), stress scenario payoffs, liquidity, asset sector concentration and credit quality. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 MetLife manages credit risk through in-house fundamental credit analysis of the underlying obligors, issuers, transaction structures and real estate properties. MetLife also manages credit, market valuation and liquidity risk through industry and issuer diversification and asset allocation limits. These risk limits, approved annually by the Investment Risk Committee, promote diversification by asset sector, avoid concentrations in any single issuer and limit overall aggregate credit and equity risk exposure, as measured by our economic capital framework. For real estate assets, MetLife manages credit and market risk through asset allocation limits and by diversifying by geography, property and product type. 
 
 Information Security Risk Management 
 MetLife manages information security risk through MetLife s Information Security Program (the Program ), which is overseen by our enterprise Chief Information Security Officer CISO ), with collaboration across lines of businesses and corporate functions. The CISO is a senior-level executive responsible for establishing and executing the company s information security strategy; the CISO regularly reports about information security risk to the ERC, the Audit Committee of MetLife, Inc. Audit Committee and the Board. The primary goal of the Program is to protect information and technology assets through physical, technical, and administrative safeguards. This includes monitoring, reporting, managing and remediating cyber threats. The Program aims to prevent data exfiltration, manipulation, and destruction, as well as system and transactional disruption. The Program s threat-centric and risk-based approach for securing the MetLife environment is based on the cybersecurity framework developed by the U.S. Government s National Institute of Standards and Technology. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 The following discussion on market risk should be read in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management. 
 Market Risk Exposures 
 We regularly analyze our exposure to interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate and equity market price risk. As a result of that analysis, we have determined that the estimated fair values of certain assets and liabilities are materially exposed to changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and equity markets. We have exposure to market risk through our insurance operations and investment activities. For purposes of this disclosure, market risk is defined as the risk of loss due to potential changes in the value of assets and liabilities arising from fluctuation in the financial market and other economic factors. 
 
 Interest Rates 
 Our exposure to interest rate changes results most significantly from our holdings of fixed maturity securities AFS, mortgage loans and derivatives, as well as our interest rate sensitive liabilities. The fixed maturity securities AFS include U.S. and foreign government bonds, securities issued by government agencies, corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities and ABS CLO, all of which are mainly exposed to changes in medium- and long-term interest rates. The interest rate sensitive liabilities for purposes of this disclosure include debt, policyholder account balances related to certain investment type contracts, and embedded derivatives on variable annuities with guaranteed minimum benefits which have the same type of interest rate exposure (medium- and long-term interest rates) as fixed maturity securities AFS. The interest rate sensitive liabilities for purposes of this disclosure exclude a significant portion of the liabilities relating to insurance contracts. See Risk Factors Economic Environment and Capital Markets Risks We May Face Difficult Economic Conditions. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rates 
 Our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar results from our holdings in non-U.S. dollar denominated fixed maturity and equity securities, mortgage loans, and certain liabilities. The foreign currency exchange rate liabilities for purposes of this disclosure exclude a significant portion of the liabilities relating to insurance contracts. The principal currencies that create foreign currency exchange rate risk in our investment portfolios and liabilities are the Japanese yen, the Euro and the British pound. We hedge foreign currency exchange rate risk with foreign currency swaps, forwards and options. 
 
 Equity Market 
 Along with investments in equity securities, we have exposure to equity market risk through certain liabilities that involve long-term guarantees on equity performance such as embedded derivatives on variable annuities with guaranteed minimum benefits and certain policyholder account balances. Equity exposures associated with real estate and limited partnership interests are excluded from this discussion as they are not considered financial instruments under GAAP. 
 
 Management of Market Risk Exposures 
 We use a variety of strategies to manage interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate and equity market risk, including the use of derivatives. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk Management 
 To manage interest rate risk, we analyze interest rate risk using various models, including multi-scenario cash flow projection models that forecast cash flows of the liabilities and their supporting investments, including derivatives. These projections involve evaluating the potential gain or loss on most of our in-force business under various increasing and decreasing interest rate environments. The NYDFS regulations require that we perform some of these analyses annually as part of our review of the sufficiency of our regulatory reserves. We maintain segmented operating and surplus asset portfolios for the purpose of ALM and the allocation of investment income to product lines. In the U.S., for each segment, invested assets greater than or equal to the GAAP liabilities, net of certain non-invested assets allocated to the segment, are maintained, with any excess allocated to Corporate Other. The business segments may reflect differences in legal entity, statutory line of business and any product market characteristic which may drive a distinct investment strategy with respect to duration, liquidity or credit quality of the invested assets. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 We measure relative sensitivities of the value of our assets and liabilities to changes in key assumptions utilizing internal models. These models reflect specific product characteristics and include assumptions based on current and anticipated experience regarding lapse, mortality, morbidity and interest crediting rates. In addition, these models include asset cash flow projections reflecting interest payments, sinking fund payments, principal payments, bond calls, mortgage loan prepayments and defaults. 
 We employ product design, pricing and ALM strategies to reduce the potential effects of interest rate movements. Product design and pricing strategies include the use of surrender charges or restrictions on withdrawals in some products and the ability to reset crediting rates for certain products. ALM strategies include the use of derivatives. We also use reinsurance to mitigate interest rate risk. 
 We also use common industry metrics, such as duration and convexity, to measure the relative sensitivity of assets and liability values to changes in interest rates. In computing the duration of liabilities, we consider policyholder guarantees and how we intend to set indeterminate policy elements such as interest credits or dividends. Each asset portfolio or portfolio group has a duration target based on the liability duration and the investment objectives of that portfolio. Where a liability cash flow may exceed the maturity of available assets, we may support such liabilities with equity investments, derivatives or interest rate curve mismatch strategies. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk Management 
 MetLife has a well-established policy to manage foreign currency exchange rate exposures within its risk tolerance. In general, investments backing specific liabilities are currency matched. This is achieved through direct investments in matching currency or through the use of foreign currency exchange rate derivatives. Enterprise foreign currency exchange rate risk limits are established by the ERC. Management of each of the Company s segments, with oversight from MetLife s FX Working Group and the ALM committee for the respective segment, is responsible for managing any foreign currency exchange rate exposure. The general authorizations of the Investment Committee of the MLIC Board of Directors also set limits on unhedged foreign currency investment exposure. 
 We use foreign currency swaps, forwards and options to mitigate the liability exposure, risk of loss and financial statement volatility associated with foreign currency denominated fixed income investments and the sale of certain insurance products. 
 
 Equity Market Risk Management 
 We manage equity market risk on an integrated basis with other risks through our ALM strategies, including the dynamic hedging with derivatives of certain variable annuity guarantee benefits, as well as reinsurance, in order to limit losses, minimize exposure to large risks, and provide additional capacity for future growth. We also manage equity market risk exposure in our investment portfolio through the use of derivatives. These derivatives include exchange-traded equity futures, equity index options contracts, TRRs and equity variance swaps. 
 
 Hedging Activities 
 We use derivative contracts primarily to hedge a wide range of risks including interest rate risk, foreign currency exchange rate risk, and equity market risk. Derivative hedges are designed to reduce risk on an economic basis while considering their impact on financial results under different accounting regimes, including GAAP and local statutory accounting. Our derivative hedge programs vary depending on the type of risk being hedged. Some hedge programs are asset or liability specific while others are portfolio hedges that reduce risk related to a group of liabilities or assets. Our use of derivatives by major hedge programs is as follows: 
 Risks Related to Guarantee Benefits We use a wide range of derivative contracts to mitigate the risk associated with living guarantee benefits. These derivatives include equity and interest rate futures, interest rate swaps, currency futures/forwards, equity indexed options, TRRs, interest rate option contracts and equity variance swaps. 
 Minimum Interest Rate Guarantees For certain liability contracts, we provide the contractholder a guaranteed minimum interest rate. These contracts include certain fixed annuities and other insurance liabilities. We purchase interest rate caps and floors to reduce risk associated with these liability guarantees. 
 Reinvestment Risk in Long-Duration Liability Contracts Derivatives are used to hedge interest rate risk related to certain long-duration liability contracts. Hedges include interest rate swaps, swaptions and Treasury bond forwards. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk We use foreign currency swaps, futures, forwards and options to hedge foreign currency exchange rate risk. These hedges are generally used to swap foreign currency denominated bonds or equity market exposures to U.S. dollars. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 General ALM Hedging Strategies In the ordinary course of managing our asset/liability risks, we use interest rate futures, interest rate swaps, interest rate caps, interest rate floors and inflation swaps. These hedges are designed to reduce interest rate risk or inflation risk related to the existing assets or liabilities or related to expected future cash flows. 
 Macro Hedge Program We use equity options, equity TRRs, interest rate swaptions, interest rate swaps and Treasury locks to mitigate the potential loss of legal entity statutory capital under stress scenarios. 
 
 Risk Measurement: Sensitivity Analysis 
 We measure market risk related to our market sensitive assets and liabilities based on changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and equity market prices utilizing a sensitivity analysis. For purposes of this disclosure, a significant portion of the liabilities relating to insurance contracts is excluded, as discussed further below. This analysis estimates the potential changes in estimated fair value based on a hypothetical 100 basis point change (increase or decrease) in interest rates, as well as a 10 change (increase or decrease) in foreign currency exchange rates and equity market prices. We believe these changes in market rates and prices are reasonably possible in the near term. In performing the analysis summarized below, we used market rates at December 31, 2022. The sensitivity analysis separately calculates each of our market risk exposures (interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate and equity market) relating to our assets and liabilities. We modeled the impact of changes (increases and decreases) in market rates and prices on the estimated fair values of our market sensitive assets and liabilities and present the results with the most adverse level of market risk impact to the Company for each of these market risk exposures as follows: 
 the net present values of our interest rate sensitive exposures resulting from a 100 basis point change (increase or decrease) in interest rates; 
 estimated fair values of our foreign currency exchange rate sensitive exposures due to a 10 change (appreciation or depreciation) in the value of the U.S. dollar compared to all other currencies; and 
 the estimated fair value of our equity market sensitive exposures due to a 10 change (increase or decrease) in equity market prices. 
 The sensitivity analysis is an estimate and should not be viewed as predictive of our future financial performance. We cannot ensure that our actual losses in any particular period will not exceed the amounts indicated in the table below. Limitations related to this sensitivity analysis include: 
 interest sensitive and foreign currency exchange rate sensitive liabilities do not include 141.6 billion, at carrying value, of insurance contracts. Management believes that the changes in the economic value of those contracts under changing interest rates and changing foreign currency exchange rates would offset a significant portion of the fair value changes of interest sensitive and foreign currency exchange rate sensitive assets; 
 the market risk information is limited by the assumptions and parameters established in creating the related sensitivity analysis, including the impact of prepayment rates on mortgage loans; 
 sensitivities do not include the impact on asset or liability valuation of changes in market liquidity or changes in market credit spreads; 
 foreign currency exchange rate risk is not isolated for certain embedded derivatives within host asset and liability contracts, as the risk on these instruments is reflected as equity; 
 for the derivatives that qualify as hedges, and for certain other assets such as mortgage loans, the impact on reported earnings may be materially different from the change in market values; 
 the analysis excludes liabilities pursuant to insurance contracts, as well as real estate holdings, private equity and hedge fund holdings; and 
 the model assumes that the composition of assets and liabilities remains unchanged throughout the period. 
 Accordingly, we use such models as tools and not as substitutes for the experience and judgment of our management. Based on our analysis of the impact of a 100 basis point change (increase or decrease) in interest rates, as well as a 10 change (increase or decrease) in foreign currency exchange rates and equity market prices, we have determined that such a change could have a material adverse effect on the estimated fair value of certain assets and liabilities from interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate and equity market exposures. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 The table below illustrates the potential loss in estimated fair value for each market risk exposure based on market sensitive assets and liabilities at: 
 December 31, 2022 (In millions) Interest rate risk 10,416 Foreign currency exchange rate risk 247 Equity market risk 106 
 The risk sensitivities derived used a 100 basis point increase to interest rates, a 10 weakening of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies, and a 10 increase in equity prices. The potential losses in estimated fair value presented are for non-trading securities. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 The table below provides additional detail regarding the potential loss in estimated fair value of our interest sensitive financial instruments due to a 100 basis point increase in interest rates at: 
 December 31, 2022 Notional Amount 
 Estimated Fair Value (1) Assuming a 100 bps Increase in Interest Rates (In millions) Assets 
 Fixed maturity securities AFS 
 145,576 (9,145) FVO Securities 
 844 (9) Mortgage loans 
 58,858 (1,896) Policy loans 
 6,143 (159) Short-term investments 
 2,759 (53) Other invested assets 
 2,317 4 Cash and cash equivalents 
 9,405 (4) Accrued investment income 
 1,949 Premiums, reinsurance and other receivables 
 12,280 (518) Embedded derivatives within asset host contracts (2) 
 149 Total assets 
 (11,780) Liabilities (3) 
 Policyholder account balances 
 78,938 1,900 Payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions 
 14,171 Short-term debt 
 99 Long-term debt 
 1,758 74 Other liabilities 
 12,513 760 Embedded derivatives within liability host contracts (2) 
 140 152 Total liabilities 
 2,886 Derivative Instruments 
 Interest rate swaps 
 23,133 1,553 (1,186) Interest rate floors 
 23,371 114 (60) Interest rate caps 
 46,666 903 293 Interest rate futures 
 414 (1) (23) Interest rate options 
 39,712 398 (174) Interest rate forwards 
 2,227 (404) (178) Synthetic guaranteed interest contracts 
 13,044 Foreign currency swaps 
 34,594 1,878 (142) Foreign currency forwards 
 1,328 (9) Credit default swaps 
 9,917 103 Equity futures 
 1,063 2 (2) Equity index options 
 14,143 406 (45) Equity variance swaps 
 90 4 Equity total return swaps 
 1,922 (80) (5) Total derivative instruments 
 (1,522) Net Change 
 (10,416) ______________ 
 (1) Separate account assets and liabilities, which are interest rate sensitive, are not included herein as any interest rate risk is borne by the contractholder, notwithstanding any general account guarantees which are included within embedded derivatives (see footnote (2) below) or included within future policy benefits and other policy-related balances (see footnote (3) below). 
 (2) Embedded derivatives are recognized on the consolidated balance sheet in the same caption as the host contract. 
 (3) Excludes 141.6 billion of liabilities, at carrying value, pursuant to insurance contracts reported within future policy benefits and other policy-related balances. These liabilities would economically offset a significant portion of the net change in fair value of our financial instruments resulting from a 100 basis point increase in interest rates. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Sensitivity to interest rates decreased 4.6 billion to 10.4 billion at December 31, 2022 from 15.0 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 The table below provides additional detail regarding the potential loss in estimated fair value of our portfolio due to a 10 depreciation in the U.S. dollar compared to all other currencies at: 
 December 31, 2022 Notional Amount 
 Estimated Fair Value (1) Assuming a 10 Depreciation in the U.S. Dollar (In millions) Assets Fixed maturity securities AFS 145,576 1,391 FVO Securities 
 844 Mortgage loans 58,858 290 Policy loans 6,143 Short-term investments 2,759 78 Other invested assets 2,317 122 Cash and cash equivalents 9,405 8 Accrued investment income 1,949 13 Premiums, reinsurance and other receivables 12,280 Embedded derivatives within asset host contracts (2) 149 15 Total assets 1,917 Liabilities (3) Policyholder account balances 78,938 (1,251) Payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions 14,171 Long-term debt 1,758 Other liabilities 12,513 Embedded derivatives within liability host contracts (2) 140 Total liabilities (1,251) Derivative Instruments Interest rate swaps 
 23,133 1,553 Interest rate floors 23,371 114 Interest rate caps 46,666 903 Interest rate futures 414 (1) Interest rate options 39,712 398 Interest rate forwards 2,227 (404) Synthetic guaranteed interest contracts 13,044 Foreign currency swaps 34,594 1,878 (804) Foreign currency forwards 1,328 (9) (109) Credit default swaps 9,917 103 Equity futures 1,063 2 Equity index options 14,143 406 Equity variance swaps 90 4 Equity total return swaps 1,922 (80) Total derivative instruments (913) Net Change (247) 
 ______________ 
 (1) Does not necessarily represent those financial instruments solely subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk. Separate account assets and liabilities, which are foreign currency exchange rate sensitive, are not included herein as any foreign currency exchange rate risk is borne by the contractholder, notwithstanding any general account guarantees which are included within embedded derivatives (see footnote (2) below) or included within future policy benefits and other policy-related balances (see footnote (3) below). 
 (2) Embedded derivatives are recognized on the consolidated balance sheet in the same caption as the host contract. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 (3) Excludes 141.6 billion of liabilities, at carrying value, pursuant to insurance contracts reported within future policy benefits and other policy-related balances. These liabilities would economically offset a significant portion of the net change in fair value of our financial instruments resulting from a 10 appreciation in the U.S. dollar compared to all other currencies. 
 Sensitivity to foreign currency exchange rates increased 22 million to 247 million at December 31, 2022 from 225 million at December 31, 2021. 
 The table below provides additional detail regarding the potential loss in estimated fair value of our portfolio due to a 10 increase in equity prices at: 
 December 31, 2022 Notional Amount 
 Estimated Fair Value (1) Assuming a 10 Increase in Equity Prices (In millions) Assets FVO Securities 
 844 60 Other invested assets 2,317 47 Total assets 107 Liabilities (3) Policyholder account balances 78,938 Embedded derivatives within liability host contracts (2) 140 127 Total liabilities 127 Derivative Instruments Interest rate swaps 
 23,133 1,553 Interest rate floors 23,371 114 Interest rate caps 46,666 903 Interest rate futures 414 (1) Interest rate options 39,712 398 Interest rate forwards 2,227 (404) Synthetic guaranteed interest contracts 13,044 Foreign currency swaps 34,594 1,878 Foreign currency forwards 1,328 (9) Credit default swaps 9,917 103 Equity futures 1,063 2 (78) Equity index options 14,143 406 (68) Equity variance swaps 90 4 Equity total return swaps 1,922 (80) (194) Total derivative instruments 
 (340) Net Change (106) 
 ______________ 
 (1) Does not necessarily represent those financial instruments solely subject to equity price risk. Additionally, separate account assets and liabilities, which are equity market sensitive, are not included herein as any equity market risk is borne by the contractholder, notwithstanding any general account guarantees which are included within embedded derivatives (see footnote (2) below) or included within future policy benefits and other policy-related balances (see footnote (3) below). 
 (2) Embedded derivatives are recognized on the consolidated balance sheet in the same caption as the host contract. 
 (3) Excludes 141.6 billion of liabilities, at carrying value, pursuant to insurance contracts reported within future policy benefits and other policy-related balances. 
 Sensitivity to equity market prices decreased 43 million to 106 million at December 31, 2022 from 149 million at December 31, 2021. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes and Schedules 
 Page 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 75 
 Financial Statements at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 79 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 80 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 81 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 82 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 83 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 85 
 Note 1 Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 85 
 Note 2 Segment Information 
 104 
 Note 3 Insurance 
 109 
 Note 4 Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs, Value of Business Acquired and Other Intangibles 
 120 
 Note 5 Reinsurance 
 122 
 Note 6 Closed Block 
 128 
 Note 7 Investments 
 130 
 Note 8 Derivatives 
 150 
 Note 9 Fair Value 
 164 
 Note 10 Leases 
 180 
 Note 11 Long-term and Short-term Debt 
 181 
 Note 12 Equity 
 182 
 Note 13 Other Revenues and Other Expenses 
 187 
 Note 14 Employee Benefit Plans 
 188 
 Note 15 Income Tax 
 191 
 Note 16 Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees 
 194 
 Note 17 Related Party Transactions 
 197 
 Financial Statement Schedules at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: Schedule I Consolidated Summary of Investments Other Than Investments in Related Parties 
 198 
 Schedule III Consolidated Supplementary Insurance Information 
 199 
 Schedule IV Consolidated Reinsurance 
 201 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholder and the Board of Directors of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedules listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes and Schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Fixed Maturity Securities Available-for-Sale Fair Value of Level 3 Fixed Maturity Securities Refer to Notes 1, 7, and 9 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company has investments in certain fixed maturity securities classified as available-for-sale whose fair values are based on unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity. When a price is not available in the active market, from an independent pricing service, or from independent broker quotations, management values the security using internal matrix pricing or discounted cash flow techniques. These investments are categorized as Level 3 and had an estimated fair value of 5.2 billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Given management uses considerable judgment when estimating the fair value of Level 3 fixed maturity securities determined using internal matrix pricing or discounted cash flow techniques, performing audit procedures to evaluate the estimate of fair value required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort. This audit effort included 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 the use of professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, including our fair value specialists, to assist in performing procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the valuation of Level 3 fixed maturity securities determined using internal matrix pricing or discounted cash flow techniques included, among others, the following: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the determination of fair value. 
 
 We tested the accuracy and completeness of relevant security attributes, including credit ratings, maturity dates and coupon rates, used in the determination of Level 3 fair values. 
 
 With the involvement of our fair value specialists, we developed independent fair value estimates for a sample of securities and compared our estimates to the Company s estimates and evaluated differences. We developed our estimate by evaluating the observable and unobservable inputs used by management or developing independent inputs. 
 
 Insurance Liabilities Valuation of Future Policy Benefits for Long-Term Care Insurance Refer to Notes 1 and 3 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company s products include long-term care insurance. Liabilities for amounts payable under long-term care insurance are recorded in future policy benefits in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Such liabilities are established based on actuarial assumptions at the time policies are issued, which are intended to estimate the experience for the period the policy benefits are payable. Significant adverse changes in experience on such contracts may require the establishment of premium deficiency reserves, which are based on current assumptions. Management s estimate of future policy benefits for long-term care insurance was 14.3 billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management applies considerable judgment in evaluating actual experience to determine whether a change in assumptions for long-term care insurance is warranted. Principal assumptions used in the valuation of future policy benefits for long-term care insurance include morbidity, policy lapse, investment returns and mortality. 
 
 Given the inherent uncertainty in selecting assumptions, we have determined that management s evaluation of actual experience when estimating future policy benefits for long-term care insurance policies is a critical audit matter, which required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the judgments made and the reasonableness of the assumptions used in the valuation. The audit effort included the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge, including our actuarial specialists, to assist in performing these procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained from these procedures. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the assumptions used to determine the estimate of future policy benefits for long-term care insurance, included, among others, the following: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of the control over the assumptions used in the valuation of future policy benefits and the effectiveness of the controls over the underlying data. 
 
 With the involvement of our actuarial specialists, we: 
 evaluated judgments applied by management in setting principal assumptions, including evaluating the results of experience studies used as the basis for setting those assumptions. 
 evaluated management s estimate of, or developed an independent estimate of, future policy benefits, on a sample basis, and evaluated differences. This included confirming that assumptions were applied as intended. 
 evaluated the results of the Company s annual premium deficiency tests. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

Derivatives Valuation of Embedded Derivative Liabilities Refer to Notes 1, 3, 8, and 9 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company s products include variable annuity contracts with guaranteed minimum benefits that provide the policyholder a minimum return based on their initial deposit adjusted for withdrawals. The guarantees on variable annuity contracts are accounted for as insurance liabilities or as embedded derivatives depending on how and when the benefit is paid. Guarantees accounted for as embedded derivatives include the non-life contingent portion of guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits and certain non-life contingent portions of guaranteed minimum income benefits, and are recorded in policyholder account balances on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. Embedded derivatives are measured at estimated fair value separately from the host variable annuity contract using actuarial and capital market assumptions that are updated at least annually. Management s estimate of such embedded derivative liabilities was 0.4 billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management applies considerable judgment in selecting assumptions used to estimate embedded derivative liabilities and changes in market conditions or variations in certain assumptions could result in significant fluctuations in the estimate. Principal assumptions include mortality, lapse, dynamic lapse, withdrawal, utilization, and discount rates and implied volatilities. The valuation of the embedded derivative liabilities is also based on complex calculations which are data intensive. 
 
 Given the inherent uncertainty in selecting assumptions and the complexity of the calculations, we have determined that management s valuation of the embedded derivative liabilities is a critical audit matter which required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the judgments made and the reasonableness of the models and assumptions used in the valuation. The audit effort included the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge, including our valuation and actuarial specialists, to assist in performing these procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained from these procedures. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the valuation of embedded derivative liabilities included, among others, the following: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the assumptions, including controls over the underlying data used in the valuation of embedded derivative liabilities. 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the methodologies and models used for determining the embedded derivative liabilities. 
 
 With the involvement of our valuation and actuarial specialists, we: 
 evaluated the methods, models, and judgments applied by management in the determination of principal assumptions and the calculation of the embedded derivative liabilities 
 evaluated the results of underlying experience studies, capital market projections, and judgments applied by management in setting the assumptions 
 developed an independent estimate of the embedded derivative liabilities, on a sample basis, and evaluated differences. 
 
 Future Adoption of Accounting Pronouncements Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company will adopt Accounting Standards Update No. 2018-12, Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts , as amended ASU 2018-12 ), effective January 1, 2023. The modified retrospective transition method will be used, except in regard to market risk benefits where the Company will use the full retrospective method. Based upon these transition methods, the Company estimates that the January 1, 2021 transition date impact from adoption will include a decrease to retained earnings of approximately 4.0 billion, net of income tax, which includes the impact from the requirement to account for variable annuity guarantees as market risk benefits measured at fair value. Market risk benefits are contracts or contract features that guarantee benefits, such as guaranteed minimum benefits, in addition to an account balance which expose insurance companies to other than nominal capital market risk and 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 protect the contractholder from the same risk. Certain contracts or contract features to be identified as market risk benefits are currently accounted for as embedded derivatives and measured at fair value, while others will transition to fair value measurement upon the adoption of ASU 2018-12. 
 
 Management applies considerable judgment in estimating the transition date impact of market risk benefits under the full retrospective method of adoption due to the application of fair value measurement principles which use assumptions to estimate the impact of changes in market conditions and policyholder behavior since contract inception that could result in significant fluctuations in the estimate. Principal assumptions include mortality, lapse, dynamic lapse, withdrawal, utilization, discount rates and implied volatilities. Additionally, the valuation of market risk benefits is based on complex calculations. 
 
 Given the inherent uncertainty in selecting assumptions and the complexity of the calculations, we have determined that the estimated transition date impact of measuring market risk benefits on contracts or contract features not previously accounted for as embedded derivatives is a critical audit matter which required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the judgments made and the reasonableness of the methodologies, models and assumptions used in the valuation. The audit effort included the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge, including our valuation and actuarial specialists, to assist in performing these procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained from these procedures. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the estimated transition date impact of measuring market risk benefits not previously accounted for as embedded derivatives included, among others, the following: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the transition to market risk benefit measurement principles under ASU 2018-12, including the related methodologies, models and assumptions used for determining the fair value of market risk benefits not previously accounted for as embedded derivatives. 
 
 With the involvement of our valuation and actuarial specialists, we: 
 
 evaluated the methods, models, and principal assumptions applied by management in the full retrospective application of market risk benefit measurement principles to estimate the transition date impact 
 
 evaluated the results of underlying experience studies, capital market projections, and judgments applied by management in setting the assumptions since contract inception 
 
 developed an independent estimate, on a sample basis, of the market risk benefits not previously accounted for as embedded derivatives and evaluated differences. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since at least 1968; however, an earlier year could not be reliably determined. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In millions, except share and per share data) 2022 2021 Assets Investments: Fixed maturity securities available-for-sale, at estimated fair value (net of allowance for credit loss of and , respectively); and amortized cost: and , respectively 
 Mortgage loans (net of allowance for credit loss of and , respectively; includes and , respectively, relating to variable interest entities; includes and , respectively, under the fair value option) 
 Policy loans Real estate and real estate joint ventures (includes and , respectively, relating to variable interest entities, and , respectively, under the fair value option and and , respectively, of real estate held-for-sale) 
 Other limited partnership interests Short-term investments, at estimated fair value Other invested assets (net of allowance for credit loss of and , respectively; includes and , respectively, of leveraged and direct financing leases; and , respectively, relating to variable interest entities) 
 Total investments Cash and cash equivalents, principally at estimated fair value Accrued investment income Premiums, reinsurance and other receivables Deferred policy acquisition costs and value of business acquired Current income tax recoverable Deferred income tax asset Other assets Separate account assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Liabilities Future policy benefits Policyholder account balances Other policy-related balances Policyholder dividends payable Policyholder dividend obligation Payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions Short-term debt Long-term debt Deferred income tax liability Other liabilities Separate account liabilities Total liabilities Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees (Note 16) Equity Metropolitan Life Insurance Company stockholder s equity: Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total Metropolitan Life Insurance Company stockholder s equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In millions) 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Premiums Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 
 Net investment income 
 Other revenues 
 Net investment gains (losses) 
 ) ) Net derivative gains (losses) 
 ) Total revenues 
 Expenses Policyholder benefits and claims 
 Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
 Policyholder dividends 
 Other expenses 
 Total expenses 
 Income (loss) before provision for income tax 
 Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 
 Net income (loss) 
 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 ) Net income (loss) attributable to Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In millions) 
 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss): 
 Unrealized investment gains (losses), net of related offsets 
 ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives 
 ) Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 ) Defined benefit plans adjustment 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before income tax 
 ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit related to items of other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax 
 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest, net of income tax 
 ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 ) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In millions) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Stockholder s Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 Cumulative effects of changes in accounting principles, net of income tax ) ) ) Capital contributions from MetLife, Inc. 
 Dividends to MetLife, Inc. 
 ) ) ) Change in equity of noncontrolling interests 
 Net income (loss) 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of 
 income tax 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 Capital contributions from MetLife, Inc. Dividends to MetLife, Inc. 
 ) ) ) Change in equity of noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Net income (loss) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of 
 income tax 
 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Capital contributions from MetLife, Inc. 
 Dividends to MetLife, Inc. 
 ) ) ) Change in equity of noncontrolling interests 
 Net income (loss) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of 
 income tax 
 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses 
 Amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts associated with investments, net 
 ) ) ) (Gains) losses on investments and from sales of businesses, net 
 ) (Gains) losses on derivatives, net 
 ) (Income) loss from equity method investments, net of dividends or distributions 
 ) Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
 Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 
 ) ) ) Change in fair value option and trading securities 
 ) ) Change in accrued investment income 
 ) Change in premiums, reinsurance and other receivables 
 Change in deferred policy acquisition costs and value of business acquired, net 
 ) Change in income tax 
 Change in other assets 
 ) Change in insurance-related liabilities and policy-related balances 
 ) ) ) Change in other liabilities 
 ) ) ) Other, net 
 ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Sales, maturities and repayments of: Fixed maturity securities available-for-sale 
 Equity securities 
 Mortgage loans 
 Real estate and real estate joint ventures 
 Other limited partnership interests 
 Short-term investments Purchases and originations of: Fixed maturity securities available-for-sale 
 ) ) ) Equity securities 
 ) ) ) Mortgage loans 
 ) ) ) Real estate and real estate joint ventures 
 ) ) ) Other limited partnership interests 
 ) ) ) Short-term investments ) ) ) Cash received in connection with freestanding derivatives Cash paid in connection with freestanding derivatives ) ) ) Cash received from the redemption of an investment in affiliated preferred stock Receipts on loans to affiliates Purchases of loans to affiliates ) ) Net change in policy loans Net change in other invested assets Net change in property, equipment and leasehold improvements Other, net Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In millions) 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from financing activities 
 Policyholder account balances: 
 Deposits 
 Withdrawals 
 ) ) ) Net change in payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions 
 ) Long-term debt issued 
 Long-term debt repaid 
 ) ) ) Financing element on certain derivative instruments and other derivative related transactions, net ) Dividends paid to MetLife, Inc. 
 ) ) ) Other, net 
 ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) ) Effect of change in foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents balances ) ) Change in cash and cash equivalents 
 ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information 
 Net cash paid (received) for: 
 Interest Income tax Non-cash transactions: Capital contributions from MetLife, Inc. Real estate and real estate joint ventures acquired in satisfaction of debt Fixed maturity securities available-for-sale received in connection with pension risk transfer transactions Increase in equity securities due to in-kind distributions received from other limited partnership interests Transfer of fixed maturity securities available-for-sale from an affiliate Transfer of fixed maturity securities available-for-sale to an affiliate Transfer of fair value option securities from an affiliate Transfer of real estate and real estate joint ventures from an affiliate Transfer of real estate and real estate joint ventures to an affiliate Increase in other invested assets in connection with affiliated reinsurance transactions Transfer of mortgage loans to an affiliate 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

segments: U.S. and MetLife Holdings. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of MetLife, Inc. (MetLife, Inc., together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, MetLife ). 
 Basis of Presentation 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

86 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 87 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 88 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

to years and such amortization is included in other expenses. Each year, or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment exists, the Company reviews VODA and VOCRA to determine whether the asset is impaired. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 90 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 91 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 years). Rental income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the respective leases. The Company periodically reviews its real estate for impairment and tests for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Properties whose carrying values are greater than their estimated undiscounted cash flows are written down to their estimated fair value, which is generally computed using the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at a rate commensurate with the underlying risks. 
 Real estate for which the Company commits to a plan to sell within one year and actively markets in its current condition for a reasonable price in comparison to its estimated fair value is classified as held-for-sale and is not depreciated. Real estate held-for-sale is stated at the lower of depreciated cost or estimated fair value less expected disposition costs. 
 Real Estate Joint Ventures and Other Limited Partnership Interests 
 The Company uses the equity method of accounting or the FVO for real estate joint ventures and other limited partnership interests investee when it has more than a minor ownership interest or more than a minor influence over the investee s operations but does not hold a controlling financial interest, including when the Company is not deemed the primary beneficiary of a VIE. Under the equity method, the Company recognizes in earnings within net investment income its share of the investee s earnings. Contributions paid by the Company increase carrying value and distributions received by the Company reduce carrying value. The Company generally recognizes its share of the investee s earnings on a three-month lag in instances where the investee s financial information is not sufficiently timely or when the investee s reporting period differs from the Company s reporting period. 
 The Company accounts for its interest in real estate joint ventures and other limited partnership interests in which it has virtually no influence over the investee s operations at estimated fair value. Unrealized gains (losses), representing changes in estimated fair value of these investments, are recognized in earnings within net investment gains (losses). Due to the nature and structure of these investments, they do not meet the characteristics of an equity security in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 93 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 94 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 95 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 96 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

97 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 Other Accounting Policies 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

years for company occupied real estate property, the shorter of the useful life or remaining lease term up to years for leasehold improvements, and from three to for all other property and equipment. The cost basis of the property, equipment and leasehold improvements was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accumulated depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 million in the U.S. segment at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. The goodwill balance was million in the MetLife Holdings segment at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 101 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 billion, net of income tax. 
 
 The expected decrease in total equity includes the estimated impact to AOCI which, as of the transition date, is expected to result in a decrease of approximately billion, net of income tax. The most significant drivers of the expected decrease in AOCI are the anticipated impacts of the changes in the discount rates as of the transition date to be used in measuring the liability for future policy benefits for traditional and limited payment contracts and the non-performance risk in the valuation of the Company s market risk benefits. The expected decrease in AOCI is expected to be partially offset by the removal of loss recognition balances recorded in AOCI related to unrealized investment gains associated with certain long-duration products. 
 
 The expected decrease in total equity also includes the estimated impact to retained earnings which, from adoption, is expected to result in a decrease of approximately billion, net of income tax. This decrease results from the requirement to account for variable annuity guarantees as market risk benefits measured at fair value (except for the changes in fair value already recognized under an existing accounting model) and other valuation impacts to the liability for future policy benefits. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of increases in market interest rates from the January 1, 2021 transition date to December 31, 2022, we estimate that the transition date reduction to retained earnings will significantly reverse, and that the transition date reduction to AOCI will fully reverse. 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

103 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

segments: U.S. and MetLife Holdings. In addition, the Company reports certain of its results of operations in Corporate Other. 
 U.S. 
 The U.S. segment offers a broad range of protection products and services aimed at serving the financial needs of customers throughout their lives. These products are sold to corporations and their respective employees, other institutions and their respective members, as well as individuals. The U.S. segment is organized into two businesses: Group Benefits and Retirement and Income Solutions RIS ). 
 The Group Benefits business offers products such as term, variable and universal life insurance, dental, group and individual disability and accident health insurance. 
 The RIS business offers a broad range of life and annuity-based insurance and investment products, including stable value and pension risk transfer products, institutional income annuities, structured settlements, benefit funding solutions and capital markets investment products. 
 MetLife Holdings 
 The MetLife Holdings segment consists of operations relating to products and businesses that the Company no longer actively markets. These include variable, universal, term and whole life insurance, variable, fixed and index-linked annuities, and long-term care insurance. 
 Corporate Other 
 Corporate Other contains various start-up, developing and run-off businesses, including the Company s ancillary non-U.S. operations. Also included in Corporate Other are: the excess capital, as well as certain charges and activities, not allocated to the segments (including enterprise-wide strategic initiatives), interest expense related to the majority of the Company s outstanding debt, expenses associated with certain legal proceedings and income tax audit issues, and the elimination of intersegment amounts (which generally relate to affiliated reinsurance and intersegment loans, bearing interest rates commensurate with related borrowings). 
 Financial Measures and Segment Accounting Policies 
 Adjusted earnings is used by management to evaluate performance and allocate resources. Consistent with GAAP guidance for segment reporting, adjusted earnings is also the Company s GAAP measure of segment performance and is reported below. Adjusted earnings should not be viewed as a substitute for net income (loss). The Company believes the presentation of adjusted earnings, as the Company measures it for management purposes, enhances the understanding of its performance by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability drivers of the business. 
 Adjusted earnings is defined as adjusted revenues less adjusted expenses, net of income tax. 
 The financial measures of adjusted revenues and adjusted expenses focus on the Company s primary businesses principally by excluding the impact of market volatility, which could distort trends, and revenues and costs related to non-core products and certain entities required to be consolidated under GAAP. Also, these measures exclude results of discontinued operations under GAAP and other businesses that have been or will be sold or exited by MLIC but do not meet the discontinued operations criteria under GAAP and are referred to as divested businesses. Divested businesses also include the net impact of transactions with exited businesses that have been eliminated in consolidation under GAAP and costs relating to businesses that have been or will be sold or exited by MLIC that do not meet the criteria to be included in results of discontinued operations under GAAP. Adjusted revenues also excludes net investment gains (losses) and net derivative gains (losses). 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 2. Segment Information (continued) 

105 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 2. Segment Information (continued) 

Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 
 Net investment income (1) ) ) Other revenues 
 Net investment gains (losses) 
 ) ) Net derivative gains (losses) 
 Total revenues 
 ) Expenses 
 Policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends 
 ) Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
 Capitalization of DAC 
 ) ) ) ) Amortization of DAC and VOBA 
 ) Interest expense on debt 
 Other expenses 
 ) Total expenses 
 ) Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 
 ) Adjusted earnings 
 ) Adjustments to: 
 Total revenues 
 ) Total expenses 
 Provision for income tax (expense) benefit 
 ) Net income (loss) 
 
 At December 31, 2022 U.S. MetLife Holdings Corporate Other 
 Total (In millions) Total assets 
 Separate account assets 
 Separate account liabilities 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) Net investment income from equity method investments represents and of segment net investment income for the U.S. and MetLife Holdings segments, respectively. 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 2. Segment Information (continued) 

Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 
 Net investment income (1) ) ) Other revenues 
 Net investment gains (losses) 
 Net derivative gains (losses) 
 ) ) Total revenues 
 ) Expenses 
 Policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends 
 Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
 ) Capitalization of DAC 
 ) ) ) ) Amortization of DAC and VOBA 
 Interest expense on debt 
 Other expenses 
 ) Total expenses 
 Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 
 ) ) Adjusted earnings 
 ) Adjustments to: 
 Total revenues 
 ) Total expenses 
 ) Provision for income tax (expense) benefit 
 Net income (loss) 
 
 At December 31, 2021 U.S. 
 MetLife Holdings 
 Corporate Other Total (In millions) Total assets 
 Separate account assets 
 Separate account liabilities 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) Net investment income from equity method investments represents and of segment net investment income for the U.S. and MetLife Holdings segments, respectively. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 2. Segment Information (continued) 

Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 
 Net investment income (1) ) ) Other revenues 
 Net investment gains (losses) 
 ) ) Net derivative gains (losses) 
 Total revenues 
 Expenses 
 Policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends 
 Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
 ) Capitalization of DAC 
 ) ) ) ) Amortization of DAC and VOBA 
 Interest expense on debt 
 Other expenses 
 Total expenses 
 Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 
 ) ) Adjusted earnings 
 Adjustments to: 
 Total revenues 
 Total expenses 
 ) Provision for income tax (expense) benefit 
 Net income (loss) 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) Net investment income from equity method investments represents and of segment net investment income for the U.S. and MetLife Holdings segments, respectively. 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 2. Segment Information (continued) 

Accident health insurance 
 Annuities 
 Other 
 Total 

billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, which represented , of consolidated premiums, universal life and investment-type product policy fees and other revenues. The revenue was from a single premium received for a pension risk transfer. Revenues derived from another U.S. segment customer were billion, billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which represented , and of the consolidated premiums, universal life and investment-type product policy fees and other revenues, respectively. Revenues derived from any other customer did not exceed of consolidated premiums, universal life and investment-type product policy fees and other revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 

MetLife Holdings 
 Corporate Other 
 Total 
 
 See Note 5 for discussion of affiliated reinsurance liabilities included in the table above. 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 3. Insurance (continued) 

to , and mortality rates guaranteed in calculating the cash surrender values described in such contracts); and (ii) the liability for terminal dividends. 
 Nonparticipating life Aggregate of the present value of future expected benefit payments and related expenses less the present value of future expected net premiums. Assumptions as to mortality and persistency are based upon the Company s experience when the basis of the liability is established. Interest rate assumptions for the aggregate future policy benefit liabilities range from to . 
 Individual and group traditional fixed annuities after annuitization Present value of future expected payments. Interest rate assumptions used in establishing such liabilities range from to . 
 Non-medical health insurance The net level premium method and assumptions as to future morbidity, withdrawals and interest, which provide a margin for adverse deviation. Interest rate assumptions used in establishing such liabilities range from to . 
 Disabled lives Present value of benefits method and experience assumptions as to claim terminations, expenses and interest. Interest rate assumptions used in establishing such liabilities range from to . 
 
 Participating business represented of the Company s life insurance in-force at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Participating policies represented , and of gross traditional life insurance premiums for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 to , less expenses, mortality charges and withdrawals. 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 3. Insurance (continued) 

The Company also issues other annuity contracts that apply a lower rate on funds deposited if the contractholder elects to surrender the contract for cash and a higher rate if the contractholder elects to annuitize. These guarantees include benefits that are payable in the event of death, maturity or at annuitization. Certain other annuity contracts contain guaranteed annuitization benefits that may be above what would be provided by the current account value of the contract. Additionally, the Company issues universal and variable life contracts where the Company contractually guarantees to the contractholder a secondary guarantee or a guaranteed paid-up benefit. 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 3. Insurance (continued) 

Incurred guaranteed benefits ) Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Incurred guaranteed benefits Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Incurred guaranteed benefits ) Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 Ceded: Balance at January 1, 2020 Incurred guaranteed benefits Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Incurred guaranteed benefits Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Incurred guaranteed benefits Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 Net: 
 Balance at January 1, 2020 Incurred guaranteed benefits ) Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Incurred guaranteed benefits Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Incurred guaranteed benefits ) Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 3. Insurance (continued) 

Separate account value (1) 
 Net amount at risk 
 (3) (4) (3) (4) Average attained age of contractholders 
 years years years years Other Annuity Guarantees: 
 Total account value (1), (2) 
 N/A N/A Net amount at risk 
 N/A (5) N/A (5) Average attained age of contractholders 
 N/A years N/A years 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Secondary Guarantees Paid-Up Guarantees Secondary Guarantees Paid-Up Guarantees (Dollars in millions) Universal and Variable Life Contracts: 
 Total account value (1), (2) 
 Net amount at risk (6) 
 Average attained age of policyholders years years years years 
 ______________ 
 (1) The Company s annuity and life contracts with guarantees may offer more than one type of guarantee in each contract. Therefore, the amounts listed above may not be mutually exclusive. 
 (2) Includes the contractholders investments in the general account and separate account, if applicable. 
 (3) Defined as the death benefit less the total account value, as of the balance sheet date. It represents the amount of the claim that the Company would incur if death claims were filed on all contracts on the balance sheet date and includes any additional contractual claims associated with riders purchased to assist with covering income taxes payable upon death. 
 (4) Defined as the amount (if any) that would be required to be added to the total account value to purchase a lifetime income stream, based on current annuity rates, equal to the minimum amount provided under the guaranteed benefit. This amount represents the Company s potential economic exposure to such guarantees in the event all contractholders were to annuitize on the balance sheet date, even though the contracts contain terms that allow annuitization of the guaranteed amount only after the 10th anniversary of the contract, which not all contractholders have achieved. 
 (5) Defined as either the excess of the upper tier, adjusted for a profit margin, less the lower tier, as of the balance sheet date or the amount (if any) that would be required to be added to the total account value to purchase a lifetime income stream, based on current annuity rates, equal to the minimum amount provided under the guaranteed benefit. These amounts represent the Company s potential economic exposure to such guarantees in the event all contractholders were to annuitize on the balance sheet date. 
 (6) Defined as the guarantee amount less the account value, as of the balance sheet date. It represents the amount of the claim that the Company would incur if death claims were filed on all contracts on the balance sheet date. 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 3. Insurance (continued) 

Balanced 
 Bond 
 Money Market 
 Total 

billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 1. 
 
 billion, billion and billion, respectively, and repaid billion, billion and billion, respectively, of such funding agreements. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, liabilities for funding agreements outstanding, which are included in policyholder account balances, were billion and billion, respectively. 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company is a member of FHLBNY. Holdings of common stock of FHLBNY, included in other invested assets, were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) (2) Farmer Mac (3) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Represents funding agreements issued to FHLBNY in exchange for cash and for which it has been granted a lien on certain assets, some of which are in the custody of FHLBNY, including residential mortgage-backed securities RMBS ), to collateralize obligations under such funding agreements. The Company is permitted to withdraw any portion of the collateral in the custody of FHLBNY as long as there is no event of default and the remaining qualified collateral is sufficient to satisfy the collateral maintenance level. Upon any event of default by the Company, FHLBNY s recovery on the collateral is limited to the amount of the Company s liability to FHLBNY. 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 3. Insurance (continued) 

2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Cumulative paid claims and paid allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance ) All outstanding liabilities for incurral years prior to 2013, net of reinsurance 
 Total unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance 
 Cumulative Paid Claims and Paid Allocated Claim Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance Years Ended December 31, (Unaudited) Incurral Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 (In millions) 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total cumulative paid claims and paid allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 3. Insurance (continued) 

2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Cumulative paid claims and paid allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance ) All outstanding liabilities for incurral years prior to 2013, net of reinsurance Total unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance 
 
 Cumulative Paid Claims and Paid Allocated Claim Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance Years Ended December 31, (Unaudited) Incurral Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 (In millions) 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total cumulative paid claims and paid allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance 
 Average Annual Percentage Payout 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 3. Insurance (continued) 

billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Using interest rates ranging from to , based on the incurral year, the total discount applied to these liabilities was billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The amount of interest accretion recognized was million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts were reflected in policyholder benefits and claims. 
 For Group Life - Term, claims were based upon individual death claims. For Group Long-Term Disability, claim frequency was determined by the number of reported claims as identified by a unique claim number assigned to individual claimants. Claim counts initially include claims that do not ultimately result in a liability. These claims are omitted from the claim counts once it is determined that there is no liability. 
 The incurred and paid claims disclosed for the Group Life - Term product includes activity related to the product s continued protection feature; however, the associated actuarial reserve for future benefit obligations under this feature is excluded from the liability for unpaid claims. 
 The Group Long-Term Disability IBNR, included in the development tables above, was developed using discounted cash flows, and is presented on a discounted basis. 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 3. Insurance (continued) 

Group Long-Term Disability 
 Total Other insurance lines - all segments combined Total unpaid claims and allocated claims adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance Reinsurance recoverables on unpaid claims: 
 U.S.: 
 Group Life - Term 
 Group Long-Term Disability 
 Total Other insurance lines - all segments combined 
 Total reinsurance recoverable on unpaid claims 
 Total unpaid claims and allocated claims adjustment expense 
 Discounting 
 ) Liability for unpaid claims and claim adjustment liabilities - short-duration 
 Liability for unpaid claims and claim adjustment liabilities - all long-duration lines Total liability for unpaid claims and claim adjustment expense (included in future policy benefits and other policy-related balances) 

118 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 3. Insurance (continued) 

Less: Reinsurance recoverables 
 Net balance at January 1, Incurred related to: Current year 
 Prior years (1) 
 ) Total incurred 
 Paid related to: Current year 
 ) ) ) Prior years 
 ) ) ) Total paid 
 ) ) ) Net balance at December 31, Add: Reinsurance recoverables 
 Balance at December 31, 
 ______________ 
 (1) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, incurred claim activity and claim adjustment expenses associated with prior years increased primarily due to the impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by additional premiums recorded for experience-rated contracts that are not reflected in the table above. For the year ended December 31, 2020, claim and claim adjustment expenses associated with prior years decreased due to favorable claims experience in the current year. 
 
 billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for which the policyholder assumes all investment risk, and separate accounts for which the Company contractually guarantees either a minimum return or account value to the policyholder which totaled billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The latter category consisted primarily of guaranteed interest contracts GICs ). The average interest rate credited on these contracts was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

120 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 4. Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs, Value of Business Acquired and Other Intangibles (continued) 

 Capitalizations 
 Amortization related to: 
 Net investment gains (losses) and net derivative gains (losses) 
 ) ) Other expenses 
 ) ) ) Total amortization 
 ) ) ) Unrealized investment gains (losses) 
 ) Balance at December 31, 
 VOBA: 
 Balance at January 1, 
 Amortization related to other expenses 
 ) ) ) Unrealized investment gains (losses) 
 ) Balance at December 31, 
 Total DAC and VOBA: 
 Balance at December 31, 
 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 4. Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs, Value of Business Acquired and Other Intangibles (continued) 

 MetLife Holdings 
 Corporate Other Total 

Capitalization 
 Amortization 
 ) ) Unrealized investment gains (losses) 
 ) Balance at December 31, 
 VODA and VOCRA: 
 Balance at January 1, 
 Amortization 
 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 
 Accumulated amortization 

U.S. 
 For its Group Benefits business, the Company generally retains most of the risk, with the exception of its Group Term Life business and certain client arrangements. 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 5. Reinsurance (continued) 

billion and billion of unsecured unaffiliated reinsurance recoverable balances at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had billion of net unaffiliated ceded reinsurance recoverables. Of this total, billion, or , were with the Company s five largest unaffiliated ceded reinsurers, including billion of net unaffiliated ceded reinsurance recoverables which were unsecured. At December 31, 2021, the Company had billion of net unaffiliated ceded reinsurance recoverables. Of this total, billion, or , were with the Company s five largest unaffiliated ceded reinsurers, including billion of net unaffiliated ceded reinsurance recoverables which were unsecured. 
 The Company has reinsured with an unaffiliated third-party reinsurer, of the closed block through a modified coinsurance agreement. The Company accounts for this agreement under the deposit method of accounting. The Company, having the right of offset, has offset the modified coinsurance deposit with the deposit recoverable. 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 5. Reinsurance (continued) 

 Reinsurance assumed Reinsurance ceded ) ) ) Net premiums Universal life and investment-type product policy fees Direct universal life and investment-type product policy fees Reinsurance assumed ) ) Reinsurance ceded ) ) ) Net universal life and investment-type product policy fees Other revenues Direct other revenues Reinsurance assumed Reinsurance ceded Net other revenues Policyholder benefits and claims Direct policyholder benefits and claims Reinsurance assumed Reinsurance ceded ) ) ) Net policyholder benefits and claims Interest credited to policyholder account balances Direct interest credited to policyholder account balances Reinsurance assumed Reinsurance ceded ) ) ) Net interest credited to policyholder account balances Other expenses Direct other expenses Reinsurance assumed Reinsurance ceded Net other expenses 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 5. Reinsurance (continued) 

 Deferred policy acquisition costs and 
 value of business acquired 
 ) ) Total assets Liabilities Future policy benefits ) Policyholder account balances Other policy-related balances ) Other liabilities Total liabilities 
 
 billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The deposit liabilities on reinsurance were billion at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 5. Reinsurance (continued) 

 Reinsurance ceded ) ) ) Net premiums ) ) Universal life and investment-type product policy fees Reinsurance assumed Reinsurance ceded ) ) ) Net universal life and investment-type product policy fees ) ) ) Other revenues Reinsurance assumed ) ) Reinsurance ceded Net other revenues Policyholder benefits and claims Reinsurance assumed Reinsurance ceded ) ) ) Net policyholder benefits and claims ) ) Interest credited to policyholder account balances Reinsurance assumed Reinsurance ceded ) ) ) Net interest credited to policyholder account balances Other expenses Reinsurance assumed Reinsurance ceded Net other expenses 
 126 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 5. Reinsurance (continued) 

 Deferred policy acquisition costs and value of business acquired ) ) Total assets Liabilities Future policy benefits ) Policyholder account balances Other policy-related balances ) Other liabilities Total liabilities 
 Effective April 1, 2021, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Missouri Reinsurance, Inc., entered into an agreement to assume certain group annuity contracts issued in connection with a qualifying pension risk transfer on a modified coinsurance basis from MTL. The significant reinsurance effects to the Company were primarily increases in future policy benefits of billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as well as premiums of and billion, and policyholder benefits and claims of million and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Also, as a result of this agreement, other invested assets increased by billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company ceded two blocks of business to an affiliate on a coinsurance with funds withheld basis. Certain contractual features of these agreements qualify as embedded derivatives, which are separately accounted for at estimated fair value on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The embedded derivatives related to the funds withheld associated with these reinsurance agreements are included within other liabilities and were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net derivative gains (losses) associated with these embedded derivatives were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Certain contractual features of the closed block agreement with MRC qualify as embedded derivative, which is separately accounted for at estimated fair value on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The embedded derivative related to the funds withheld associated with this reinsurance agreement is included within other liabilities and was million and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net derivative gains (losses) associated with the embedded derivative were billion, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company has secured certain reinsurance recoverable balances with various forms of collateral, including secured trusts, funds withheld accounts and irrevocable letters of credit. The Company had million and million of unsecured affiliated reinsurance recoverable balances at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Affiliated reinsurance agreements that do not expose the Company to a reasonable possibility of a significant loss from insurance risk are recorded using the deposit method of accounting. The deposit assets on affiliated reinsurance were billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The deposit liabilities on affiliated reinsurance were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

128 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 6. Closed Block (continued) 

Other policy-related balances 
 Policyholder dividends payable 
 Policyholder dividend obligation 
 Deferred income tax liability Other liabilities 
 Total closed block liabilities 
 Assets Designated to the Closed Block 
 Investments: 
 Fixed maturity securities available-for-sale, at estimated fair value 
 Mortgage loans 
 Policy loans 
 Real estate and real estate joint ventures 
 Other invested assets 
 Total investments 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Accrued investment income 
 Premiums, reinsurance and other receivables 
 Current income tax recoverable 
 Deferred income tax asset 
 Total assets designated to the closed block 
 Excess of closed block liabilities over assets designated to the closed block 
 AOCI: Unrealized investment gains (losses), net of income tax 
 ) Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives, net of income tax 
 Allocated to policyholder dividend obligation, net of income tax 
 ) Total amounts included in AOCI 
 ) Maximum future earnings to be recognized from closed block assets and liabilities 
 
 Change in unrealized investment and derivative gains (losses) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 
 
 129 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 6. Closed Block (continued) 

 Net investment income 
 Net investment gains (losses) 
 ) ) ) Net derivative gains (losses) 
 ) Total revenues 
 Expenses 
 Policyholder benefits and claims 
 Policyholder dividends 
 Other expenses 
 Total expenses 
 Revenues, net of expenses before provision for income tax expense (benefit) 
 ) ) Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 
 ) ) Revenues, net of expenses and provision for income tax expense (benefit) 
 ) ) 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company charges the closed block with federal income taxes, state and local premium taxes and other state or local taxes, as well as investment management expenses relating to the closed block as provided in the Plan of Reorganization. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company also charges the closed block for expenses of maintaining the policies included in the closed block. 

130 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Investments (continued) 

) ) Foreign corporate 
 ) ) U.S. government and agency 
 RMBS 
 ABS CLO Municipals 
 CMBS 
 ) ) Foreign government 
 ) Total fixed maturity securities AFS 
 ) ) 
 The Company held non-income producing fixed maturity securities AFS with an estimated fair value of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with unrealized gains (losses) of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Estimated fair value 
 
 131 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Investments (continued) 

Foreign corporate U.S. government and agency RMBS ABS CLO Municipals CMBS Foreign government Total fixed maturity securities AFS Investment grade Below investment grade Total fixed maturity securities AFS Total number of securities in an unrealized loss position 
 
 Evaluation of Fixed Maturity Securities AFS for Credit Loss 
 132 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Investments (continued) 

Evaluation of Fixed Maturity Securities AFS in an Unrealized Loss Position 
 Gross unrealized losses on securities without an ACL increased billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 to billion primarily due to increases in interest rates, widening credit spreads, and the impact of weakening foreign currencies on certain non-functional currency denominated fixed maturity securities. 
 Gross unrealized losses on securities without an ACL that have been in a continuous gross unrealized loss position for 12 months or greater were billion at December 31, 2022, or of the total gross unrealized losses on securities without an ACL. 
 Investment Grade Fixed Maturity Securities AFS 
 Of the billion of gross unrealized losses on securities without an ACL that have been in a continuous gross unrealized loss position for 12 months or greater, billion, or , were related to investment grade securities. Unrealized losses on investment grade securities are principally related to widening credit spreads since purchase and, with respect to fixed-rate securities, rising interest rates since purchase. 
 133 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Investments (continued) 

billion of gross unrealized losses on securities without an ACL that have been in a continuous gross unrealized loss position for 12 months or greater, million, or , were related to below investment grade securities. Unrealized losses on below investment grade securities are principally related to foreign corporate and U.S. corporate securities (primarily transportation, consumer and communications). These unrealized losses are the result of significantly wider credit spreads resulting from higher risk premiums since purchase, largely due to economic and market uncertainty, as well as with respect to fixed-rate securities, rising interest rates since purchase. Management evaluates U.S. corporate and foreign corporate securities based on several factors such as expected cash flows, financial condition and near-term and long-term prospects of the issuers. 
 Current Period Evaluation 
 At December 31, 2022, with respect to securities in an unrealized loss position without an ACL, the Company did not intend to sell these securities, and it was not more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell these securities before the anticipated recovery of the remaining amortized cost. Based on the Company s current evaluation of its securities in an unrealized loss position without an ACL, the Company concluded that these securities had not incurred a credit loss and should not have an ACL at December 31, 2022. 
 Future provisions for credit loss will depend primarily on economic fundamentals, issuer performance (including changes in the present value of future cash flows expected to be collected), changes in credit ratings and collateral valuation. 
 Rollforward of Allowance for Credit Loss for Fixed Maturity Securities AFS By Sector 
 ACL not previously recorded 
 Changes for securities with previously recorded ACL ) Securities sold or exchanged ) ) ) ) Write-offs 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 
 U.S. Corporate Foreign Corporate Foreign Government CMBS Total Year Ended December 31, 2021 (In millions) Balance at January 1, ACL not previously recorded 
 Changes for securities with previously recorded ACL 
 ) Securities sold or exchanged ) ) ) Write-offs 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 
 134 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Investments (continued) 

Mortgage Loans by Portfolio Segment 
 Agricultural 
 Residential 
 Total amortized cost Allowance for credit loss ) ) ) ) Subtotal mortgage loans, net Residential FVO Total mortgage loans, net 
 The Company elects the FVO for certain residential mortgage loans that are managed on a total return basis, with changes in estimated fair value included in net investment income. See Note 9 for further information. 
 The amount of net (discounts) premiums and deferred (fees) expenses, included within total amortized cost, primarily attributable to residential mortgage loans was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The accrued interest income excluded from total amortized cost for commercial, agricultural and residential mortgage loans at December 31, 2022 was million, million and million, respectively. The accrued interest income excluded from total amortized cost for commercial, agricultural and residential mortgage loans at December 31, 2021 was million, million, million, respectively. 
 Purchases of unaffiliated mortgage loans, consisting primarily of residential mortgage loans, were billion, billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company originates and acquires unaffiliated mortgage loans and simultaneously sells a portion to affiliates under master participation agreements. The aggregate amount of mortgage loan participation interests in unaffiliated mortgage loans sold by the Company to affiliates for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. In connection with the mortgage loan participations, the Company collected mortgage loan principal and interest payments from unaffiliated borrowers on behalf of affiliates and remitted such receipts to the affiliates in the amount of million, billion and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company originates mortgage loans through an affiliate. The affiliate originates and acquires mortgage loans and the Company simultaneously purchases participation interests under a master participation agreement. The aggregate amount of mortgage loan participation interests purchased by the Company from such affiliate for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was billion, billion and billion, respectively. In connection with the mortgage loan participations, the affiliate collected mortgage loan principal and interest payments on the Company s behalf and the affiliate remitted such payments to the Company in the amount of billion, billion and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 See Real Estate and Real Estate Joint Ventures for the carrying value of wholly-owned real estate acquired through foreclosure. In addition, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company contributed commercial mortgage loans with an amortized cost of million to joint ventures in anticipation of subsequent foreclosure or deed-in-lieu of foreclosure transactions. During the year, the joint ventures completed foreclosure or deed-in-lieu of foreclosure transactions on loans with an amortized cost of million. The real estate collateralizing these foreclosures or deed-in-lieu of foreclosures had an estimated fair value in excess of amortized cost. As a result of the excess of estimated fair value of the collateral over the amortized cost of the commercial mortgage loans, upon consummating the foreclosures or deed- 
 135 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Investments (continued) 

million within net investment gains (losses). 
 Rollforward of Allowance for Credit Loss for Mortgage Loans by Portfolio Segment 
 Adoption of credit loss guidance ) Provision (release) ) ) ) Initial credit losses on PCD loans (1) 
 Charge-offs, net of recoveries ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 
 __________________ 
 (1) Represents the initial credit losses on purchased mortgage loans accounted for as PCD. 
 136 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Investments (continued) 

137 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Investments (continued) 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had commercial mortgage loans modified in a TDR with both pre-modification and post-modification carrying value, after ACL, of million. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did not have any commercial mortgage loans modified in a TDR. 
 138 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Investments (continued) 

65 to 75 76 to 80 Greater than 80 Total DSCR: > 1.20x 1.00x - 1.20x Loans Total of Total (Dollars in millions) LTV ratios: Less than 65 65 to 75 76 to 80 Greater than 80 Total 
 The amortized cost of residential mortgage loans by credit quality indicator and vintage year was as follows at December 31, 2022: 
 Credit Quality Indicator 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Prior Revolving Loans Total of Total (Dollars in millions) Performance indicators: Performing Nonperforming (1) Total 
 __________________ 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 LTV ratios compare the unpaid principal balance of the loan to the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral. The amortized cost of commercial and agricultural mortgage loans with an LTV ratio in excess of 100 was million, or of total commercial and agricultural mortgage loans, at December 31, 2022. 
 139 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Investments (continued) 

The Company has a high quality, well performing mortgage loan portfolio, with of all mortgage loans classified as performing at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Agricultural 
 Residential 
 Total 
 
 The amortized cost for nonaccrual commercial, agricultural and residential mortgage loans at beginning of year 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. The amortized cost for nonaccrual agricultural mortgage loans with no ACL was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were nonaccrual commercial or residential mortgage loans without an ACL at either December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 ) 

198 209 188 Other real estate 243 186 127 Real estate joint ventures 
 ) Total real estate and real estate joint ventures 
 140 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Investments (continued) 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depreciation expense on real estate investments was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Real estate investments were net of accumulated depreciation of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Leases 
 
 The Company, as lessor, leases investment real estate, principally commercial real estate for office, apartment and retail use, through a variety of operating lease arrangements, which typically include tenant reimbursement for property operating costs and options to renew or extend the lease. In some circumstances, leases may include an option for the lessee to purchase the property. In addition, certain leases of retail space may stipulate that a portion of the income earned is contingent upon the level of the tenants revenues. Risk is managed through lessee credit analysis, property type diversification, and geographic diversification. 
 74 73 31 Apartment 34 40 40 Retail 35 44 66 Industrial 
 55 52 50 Land 1 Total leased real estate investments 
 198 209 188 
 Future contractual receipts under operating leases at December 31, 2022 were million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, million thereafter and, in total, were million. 
 
 The Company has diversified leveraged and direct financing lease portfolios. Its leveraged leases principally include rail cars, commercial real estate and renewable energy generation facilities, and its direct financing leases principally include renewable energy generation facilities. These assets are leased through a variety of lease arrangements, which may include options to renew or extend the lease and options for the lessee to purchase the property. Residual values are estimated using available third-party data at inception of the lease. Risk is managed through lessee credit analysis, asset allocation, geographic diversification, and ongoing reviews of estimated residual values, using available third-party data. Generally, estimated residual values are not guaranteed by the lessee or a third party. 
 141 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Investments (continued) 

Estimated residual values 
 Subtotal 
 Unearned income 
 ) ) ) ) Investment in leases, before ACL ACL ) ) ) ) Investment in leases, net of ACL 
 __________________ 
 million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, million thereafter and, in total, were million. 
 Lease receivables are generally due in periodic installments. For lease receivables, the primary credit quality indicator is whether the lease receivable is performing or nonperforming, which is assessed monthly. The Company generally defines nonperforming lease receivables as those that are 90 days or more past due. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, all lease receivables were performing. 
 The deferred income tax liability related to leveraged leases was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 8 11 11 Less: Income tax expense Lease investment income, net of income tax 
 
 142 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Investments (continued) 

The Company also assesses the non-guaranteed residual values for recoverability by comparison to the current estimated fair value of the leased asset and considers other relevant market information such as independent third-party forecasts, consulting, asset brokerage and investment banking reports and data, comparable market transactions, and factors such as the competitive dynamics impacting specific industries, technological change and obsolescence, government and regulatory rules, tax policy, potential environmental liabilities and litigation. 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Losses from tax credit partnerships included within net investment income were million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 FVO Securities and Equity Securities 
 Equity securities Common stock Non-redeemable preferred stock ) ) Total equity securities 
 __________________ 
 (1) Represents cumulative changes in estimated fair value, recognized in earnings, and not in OCI. 
 
 billion and billion, principally at estimated fair value, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 investments in any counterparty that were greater than 10 of the Company s equity, other than the U.S. government and its agencies, at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 143 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Investments (continued) 

Repurchase agreements 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) These securities were included within fixed maturity securities AFS and short-term investments at December 31, 2022 and within fixed maturity securities AFS at December 31, 2021. 
 (2) The liability for cash collateral is included within payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions. 
 Contractual Maturities 
 Repurchase agreements: U.S. government and agency 
 ________________ 
 (1) The related security could be returned to the Company on the next business day, which would require the Company to immediately return the cash collateral. 
 If the Company is required to return significant amounts of cash collateral on short notice and is forced to sell investments to meet the return obligation, it may have difficulty selling such collateral that is invested in a timely manner, be forced to sell investments in a volatile or illiquid market for less than what otherwise would have been realized under normal market conditions, or both. 
 
 144 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Investments (continued) 

Invested assets pledged as collateral (1) 
 Total invested assets on deposit and pledged as collateral 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) The Company has pledged invested assets in connection with various agreements and transactions, including funding agreements (see Note 3), derivative transactions (see Note 8) and secured debt (see Note 11). 
 See Securities Lending Transactions and Repurchase Agreements for information regarding securities supporting securities lending transactions and repurchase agreements and Note 6 for information regarding investments designated to the closed block. In addition, the Company s investment in FHLBNY common stock, included within other invested assets, which is considered restricted until redeemed by the issuer, was million and million, at redemption value, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 billion at December 31, 2022, comprised primarily of other limited partnership interests (private equity funds and hedge funds), real estate joint ventures (including real estate funds), tax credit and renewable energy partnerships and an operating joint venture. The Company s maximum exposure to loss related to these equity method investments was limited to the carrying value of these investments plus billion of unfunded commitments at December 31, 2022. 
 As described in N ote 1, the Company gene rally recognizes its share of earnings in its equity method investments within net investment income using a three-month lag in instances where the investee s financial information is not sufficiently timely or when the investee s reporting period differs from the Company s reporting period. Aggregate net investment income from these equity method investments exceeded 10 of the Company s consolidated pre-tax income (loss) for the three most recent annual periods. 
 The following aggregated summarized financial data reflects the latest available financial information and does not represent the Company s proportionate share of the assets, liabilities, or earnings of such entities. 
 Aggregate total assets of these entities total ed trillion at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Aggregate total liabilities of these entities totaled billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Aggregate net income (loss) of these entities totale d billion, billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Aggregate net income (loss) from the underlying entities in which the Company invests is primarily comprised of investment income, including recurring investment income (loss) and realized and unrealized investment gains (losses). 
 
 Consolidated VIEs 
 Creditors or beneficial interest holders of VIEs where the Company is the primary beneficiary have no recourse to the general credit of the Company, as the Company s obligation to the VIEs is limited to the amount of its committed investment. 
 145 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Investments (continued) 

Mortgage loan joint ventures Investment funds (primarily other invested assets) Renewable energy partnership (primarily other invested assets) Total 

Unconsolidated VIEs 
 Other limited partnership interests 
 Other invested assets 
 Real estate joint ventures 
 Total 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) The maximum exposure to loss relating to fixed maturity securities AFS is equal to their carrying amounts or the carrying amounts of retained interests. The maximum exposure to loss relating to other limited partnership interests and real estate joint ventures is equal to the carrying amounts plus any unfunded commitments. For certain of its investments in other invested assets, the Company s return is in the form of income tax credits which are guaranteed by creditworthy third parties. For such investments, the maximum exposure to loss is equal to the carrying amounts plus any unfunded commitments, reduced by income tax credits guaranteed by third parties. Such a maximum loss would be expected to occur only upon bankruptcy of the issuer or investee. 
 (2) For variable interests in Structured Products included within fixed maturity securities AFS, the Company s involvement is limited to that of a passive investor in mortgage-backed or asset-backed securities issued by trusts that do not have substantial equity. 
 As described in Note 16, the Company makes commitments to fund partnership investments in the normal course of business. Excluding these commitments, the Company did not provide financial or other support to investees designated as VIEs for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 146 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Investments (continued) 

Mortgage loans 
 Policy loans 
 Real estate and real estate joint ventures 
 Other limited partnership interests 
 Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments 
 FVO Securities ) Operating joint venture 
 Equity securities 
 Other 
 Subtotal investment income Less: Investment expenses 
 Net investment income 
 Net Investment Income NII Information Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) recognized in NII: Net realized gains (losses) from sales and disposals (primarily Residential - FVO mortgage loans and FVO Securities) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) from changes in estimated fair value (primarily FVO Securities and real estate joint ventures) ) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) recognized in NII ) Changes in estimated fair value subsequent to purchase of FVO Securities still held at the end of the respective periods and recognized in NII: ) Equity method investments NII (primarily real estate joint ventures, other limited partnership interests, tax credit and renewable energy partnerships and an operating joint venture) 
 147 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Investments (continued) 
 ) ) Equity securities ) Mortgage loans ) ) ) Real estate and real estate joint ventures (excluding changes in estimated fair value) 
 Other limited partnership interests (excluding changes in estimated fair value) 
 ) ) Other gains (losses) 
 Subtotal 
 ) ) Change in estimated fair value of other limited partnership interests and real estate joint ventures ) ) Non-investment portfolio gains (losses) ) ) Subtotal 
 ) Net investment gains (losses) ) ) Transaction Type Realized gains (losses) on investments sold or disposed ) Impairment (losses) ) ) ) Recognized gains (losses): Change in allowance for credit loss recognized in earnings ) ) ) Unrealized net gains (losses) recognized in earnings ) ) Total recognized gains (losses) ) ) Non-investment portfolio gains (losses) ) ) Net investment gains (losses) ) ) Net Investment Gains (Losses) NIGL Information Changes in estimated fair value subsequent to purchase of equity securities still held at the end of the respective periods and recognized in NIGL ) Other gains (losses) include: Gains (losses) on disposed investments which were previously in a qualified cash flow hedge relationship Gains (losses) on leveraged leases and renewable energy partnerships Foreign currency gains (losses) ) Net Realized Investment Gains (Losses) From Sales and Disposals of Investments: Recognized in NIGL ) Recognized in NII ) Net realized investment gains (losses) from sales and disposals of investments ) 
 148 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Investments (continued) 

Gross investment gains Gross investment (losses) ) ) ) Realized gains (losses) on sales and disposals ) ) Net credit loss (provision) release (change in ACL recognized in earnings) ) ) ) Impairment (losses) ) ) ) Net credit loss (provision) release and impairment (losses) ) ) ) Net investment gains (losses) ) ) ) Equity Securities 
 Realized gains (losses) on sales and disposals ) ) Unrealized net gains (losses) recognized in earnings ) Net investment gains (losses) ) 
 
 Amortized cost of invested assets transferred to affiliates 
 Net investment gains (losses) recognized on transfers 
 Estimated fair value of invested assets transferred from affiliates 
 Estimated fair value of derivative liabilities transferred from affiliates 
 Recurring related party investments and related net investment income were as follows at and for the periods ended: 
 December 31, Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2022 2021 2020 Investment Type/Balance Sheet Category Related Party Carrying Value Net Investment Income (In millions) Affiliated investments (1) MetLife, Inc. Affiliated investments (2) American Life Insurance Company Other invested assets 
 ________________ 
 149 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Investments (continued) 

to . In July 2021, billion (the equivalent of million) of affiliated senior unsecured notes matured and were refinanced with the following senior unsecured notes: (i) billion due July 2026, (ii) billion due July 2028 and (iii) billion due July 2031. In December 2021, billion (the equivalent of million) of affiliated senior unsecured notes matured of which billion (the equivalent of million) were refinanced with the following senior unsecured notes: (i) billion due December 2028, (ii) billion due December 2031, and, of which billion (the equivalent of million) were paid off at maturity. 
 (2) Represents an affiliated surplus note which matures in June 2025 and bears interest, payable semi-annually, at a rate per annum of . 
 The Company incurred investment advisory charges from an affiliate of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 See Variable Interest Entities for information on investments in affiliated real estate joint ventures and affiliated mortgage loan joint ventures. 

Interest Rate Derivatives 
 The Company uses a variety of interest rate derivatives to reduce its exposure to changes in interest rates, including interest rate swaps, interest rate total return swaps, caps, floors, swaptions, futures and forwards. 
 Interest rate swaps are used by the Company primarily to reduce market risks from changes in interest rates and to alter interest rate exposure arising from mismatches between assets and liabilities (duration mismatches). In an interest rate swap, the Company agrees with another party to exchange, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed rate and floating rate interest amounts as calculated by reference to an agreed notional amount. The Company utilizes interest rate swaps in fair value, cash flow and nonqualifying hedging relationships. 
 The Company uses structured interest rate swaps to synthetically create investments that are either more expensive to acquire or otherwise unavailable in the cash markets. These transactions are a combination of a derivative and a cash instrument such as a U.S. government and agency, or other fixed maturity securities AFS. Structured interest rate swaps are included in interest rate swaps and are not designated as hedging instruments. 
 150 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Derivatives (continued) 

 151 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Derivatives (continued) 

 152 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Derivatives (continued) 

Foreign currency swaps 
 Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Subtotal 
 Cash flow hedges: 
 Interest rate swaps 
 Interest rate 
 Interest rate forwards 
 Interest rate 
 Foreign currency swaps 
 Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Subtotal 
 Total qualifying hedges 
 Derivatives Not Designated or Not Qualifying as Hedging Instruments: 
 Interest rate swaps 
 Interest rate 
 Interest rate floors 
 Interest rate 
 Interest rate caps 
 Interest rate 
 Interest rate futures 
 Interest rate 
 Interest rate options 
 Interest rate 
 Interest rate forwards 
 Interest rate 
 Interest rate total return swaps Interest rate Synthetic GICs 
 Interest rate 
 Foreign currency swaps 
 Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Foreign currency forwards 
 Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Credit default swaps purchased 
 Credit 
 Credit default swaps written 
 Credit 
 Equity futures 
 Equity market 
 Equity index options 
 Equity market 
 Equity variance swaps 
 Equity market 
 Equity total return swaps 
 Equity market 
 Total non-designated or nonqualifying derivatives 
 Total 
 
 153 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Derivatives (continued) 

154 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Derivatives (continued) 

) ) N/A Hedged items 
 ) N/A Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives: 
 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments (1) 
 N/A Hedged items 
 ) N/A Subtotal 
 ) N/A Gain (Loss) on Cash Flow Hedges: Interest rate derivatives: (1) 
 Amount of gains (losses) deferred in AOCI 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A ) Amount of gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into income 
 ) Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives: (1) Amount of gains (losses) deferred in AOCI 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Amount of gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into income 
 ) Foreign currency transaction gains (losses) on hedged items 
 Subtotal 
 ) Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Not Designated or Not Qualifying as Hedging Instruments: 
 Interest rate derivatives (1) 
 ) N/A Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives (1) 
 N/A Credit derivatives purchased (1) 
 N/A Credit derivatives written (1) 
 ) N/A Equity derivatives (1) 
 N/A Foreign currency transaction gains (losses) on hedged items 
 ) N/A Subtotal 
 ) N/A Earned income on derivatives 
 ) Embedded derivatives (2) 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A Total 
 ) ) 
 155 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Derivatives (continued) 

 ) N/A Hedged items 
 ) N/A Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives: 
 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments (1) 
 N/A Hedged items 
 ) N/A Subtotal 
 ) N/A Gain (Loss) on Cash Flow Hedges: Interest rate derivatives: (1) 
 Amount of gains (losses) deferred in AOCI 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A ) Amount of gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into income 
 ) Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives: (1) Amount of gains (losses) deferred in AOCI 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Amount of gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into income 
 ) Foreign currency transaction gains (losses) on hedged items 
 Subtotal 
 Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Not Designated or Not Qualifying as Hedging Instruments: 
 Interest rate derivatives (1) 
 ) N/A Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives (1) 
 N/A Credit derivatives purchased (1) 
 N/A Credit derivatives written (1) 
 N/A Equity derivatives (1) 
 ) ) ) N/A Foreign currency transaction gains (losses) on hedged items 
 ) N/A Subtotal 
 ) ) N/A Earned income on derivatives 
 ) Embedded derivatives (2) 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A Total 
 ) ) ) 
 156 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Derivatives (continued) N/A Hedged items 
 ) N/A Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives: 
 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments (1) 
 ) N/A Hedged items 
 N/A Subtotal 
 ) N/A Gain (Loss) on Cash Flow Hedges: Interest rate derivatives: (1) 
 Amount of gains (losses) deferred in AOCI 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Amount of gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into income 
 ) Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives: (1) Amount of gains (losses) deferred in AOCI 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A ) Amount of gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into income 
 ) Foreign currency transaction gains (losses) on hedged items 
 ) Subtotal 
 Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Not Designated or Not Qualifying as Hedging Instruments: 
 Interest rate derivatives (1) 
 ) N/A Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives (1) 
 ) N/A Credit derivatives purchased (1) 
 ) N/A Credit derivatives written (1) 
 ) N/A Equity derivatives (1) 
 ) ) ) N/A Foreign currency transaction gains (losses) on hedged items 
 N/A Subtotal 
 ) ) N/A Earned income on derivatives 
 ) Embedded derivatives (2) 
 N/A N/A ) N/A N/A Total 
 ) ) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Excludes earned income on derivatives. 
 (2) The valuation of guaranteed minimum benefits includes a nonperformance risk adjustment. The amounts included in net derivative gains (losses) in connection with this adjustment were million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 157 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Derivatives (continued) 

 Fair Value Hedges 
 
 ) Mortgage loans ) Future policy benefits ) ) ) Policyholder account balances ) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Includes million and million of hedging adjustments on discontinued hedging relationships at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 All components of each derivative s gain or loss were included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 

. 
 In certain instances, the Company discontinued cash flow hedge accounting because the forecasted transactions were no longer probable of occurring. Because certain of the forecasted transactions also were not probable of occurring within two months of the anticipated date, the Company reclassified amounts from AOCI into income. These amounts were million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the maximum length of time over which the Company was hedging its exposure to variability in future cash flows for forecasted transactions did not exceed and , respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance in AOCI associated with cash flow hedges was billion and billion, respectively. 
 All components of each derivative s gain or loss were included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company expected to reclassify million of deferred net gains (losses) on derivatives in AOCI, to earnings within the next 12 months. 
 158 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Derivatives (continued) 

 Credit default swaps referencing indices 
 Subtotal 
 Baa 
 Single name credit default swaps (3) 
 Credit default swaps referencing indices 
 Subtotal 
 Ba 
 Single name credit default swaps (3) 
 Credit default swaps referencing indices 
 ) Subtotal 
 B Credit default swaps referencing indices 
 Subtotal 
 Caa Credit default swaps referencing indices 
 ) ) Subtotal 
 ) ) Total 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) The rating agency designations are based on availability and the midpoint of the applicable ratings among Moody s Investors Service Moody s ), S P and Fitch Ratings. If no rating is available from a rating agency, then an internally developed rating is used. 
 (2) The weighted average years to maturity of the credit default swaps is calculated based on weighted average gross notional amounts. 
 (3) Single name credit default swaps may be referenced to the credit of corporations, foreign governments, or municipals. 
 159 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Derivatives (continued) 

 The Company manages its credit risk related to derivatives by entering into transactions with creditworthy counterparties in jurisdictions in which it understands that close-out netting should be enforceable and establishing and monitoring exposure limits. The Company s OTC-bilateral derivative transactions are governed by International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ISDA Master Agreements which provide for legally enforceable set-off and close-out netting of exposures to specific counterparties in the event of early termination of a transaction, which includes, but is not limited to, events of default and bankruptcy. In the event of an early termination, close-out netting permits the Company (subject to financial regulations such as the Orderly Liquidation Authority under Title II of Dodd-Frank) to set off receivables from the counterparty against payables to the same counterparty arising out of all included transactions and to apply collateral to the obligations without application of the automatic stay, upon the counterparty s bankruptcy. All of the Company s ISDA Master Agreements also include Credit Support Annex provisions which require both the pledging and accepting of collateral in connection with its OTC-bilateral derivatives as required by applicable law. Additionally, effective September 1, 2021, the Company is required to pledge initial margin for certain new OTC-bilateral derivative transactions to third party custodians. 
 The Company s OTC-cleared derivatives are effected through central clearing counterparties and its exchange-traded derivatives are effected through regulated exchanges. Such positions are marked to market and margined on a daily basis (both initial margin and variation margin), and the Company has minimal exposure to credit-related losses in the event of nonperformance by brokers and central clearinghouses to such derivatives. 
 See Note 9 for a description of the impact of credit risk on the valuation of derivatives. 
 160 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Derivatives (continued) 

 OTC-cleared (1) 
 Exchange-traded 
 Total gross estimated fair value of derivatives presented on the consolidated balance sheets (1) Gross amounts not offset on the consolidated balance sheets: 
 Gross estimated fair value of derivatives: (2) 
 OTC-bilateral 
 ) ) ) ) OTC-cleared 
 ) ) ) ) Cash collateral: (3), (4) 
 OTC-bilateral 
 ) ) OTC-cleared 
 ) ) ) Securities collateral: (5) 
 OTC-bilateral 
 ) ) ) ) OTC-cleared 
 ) ) Exchange-traded 
 ) Net amount after application of master netting agreements and collateral 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, derivative assets included income (expense) accruals reported in accrued investment income or in other liabilities of million and million, respectively, and derivative liabilities included (income) expense accruals reported in accrued investment income or in other liabilities of and million, respectively. 
 (2) Estimated fair value of derivatives is limited to the amount that is subject to set-off and includes income or expense accruals. 
 (3) Cash collateral received by the Company for OTC-bilateral and OTC-cleared derivatives, where the centralized clearinghouse treats variation margin as collateral, is included in cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments or in fixed maturity securities AFS, and the obligation to return it is included in payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions on the balance sheet. 
 (4) The receivable for the return of cash collateral provided by the Company is inclusive of initial margin on exchange-traded and OTC-cleared derivatives and is included in premiums, reinsurance and other receivables on the balance sheet. The amount of cash collateral offset in the table above is limited to the net estimated fair value of derivatives after application of netting agreements. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company received excess cash collateral of million and million, respectively, and provided excess cash collateral of million and , respectively. 
 161 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Derivatives (continued) 

 of the collateral had been sold or re-pledged. Securities collateral pledged by the Company is reported in fixed maturity securities AFS on the balance sheet. Subject to certain constraints, the counterparties are permitted by contract to sell or re-pledge this collateral. The amount of securities collateral offset in the table above is limited to the net estimated fair value of derivatives after application of netting agreements and cash collateral. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company received excess securities collateral with an estimated fair value of million and million, respectively, for its OTC-bilateral derivatives, which are not included in the table above due to the foregoing limitation. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company provided excess securities collateral with an estimated fair value of million and million, respectively, for its OTC-bilateral derivatives, million and million, respectively, for its OTC-cleared derivatives, and million and million, respectively, for its exchange-traded derivatives, which are not included in the table above due to the foregoing limitation. 
 The Company s collateral arrangements for its OTC-bilateral derivatives generally require the counterparty in a net liability position, after considering the effect of netting agreements, to pledge collateral when the collateral amount owed by that counterparty reaches a minimum transfer amount. All of the Company s netting agreements for derivatives contain provisions that require both Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and the counterparty to maintain a specific investment grade financial strength or credit rating from each of Moody s and S P. If a party s financial strength or credit rating were to fall below that specific investment grade financial strength or credit rating, that party would be in violation of these provisions, and the other party to the derivatives could terminate the transactions and demand immediate settlement and payment based on such party s reasonable valuation of the derivatives. 
 Estimated fair value of collateral provided: Fixed maturity securities AFS 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) After taking into consideration the existence of netting agreements. 
 162 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Derivatives (continued) 

 Embedded derivatives within liability host contracts: Direct guaranteed minimum benefits Policyholder account balances Assumed guaranteed minimum benefits Policyholder account balances Funds withheld on ceded reinsurance (including affiliated) Other liabilities ) Fixed annuities with equity indexed returns Policyholder account balances Total 
 163 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

164 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Fair Value (continued) 

 Foreign corporate 
 U.S. government and agency 
 RMBS 
 ABS CLO Municipals 
 CMBS 
 Foreign government 
 Total fixed maturity securities AFS 
 Short-term investments 
 Residential mortgage loans FVO 
 Other investments Derivative assets: (1) 
 Interest rate 
 Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Credit 
 Equity market 
 Total derivative assets 
 Embedded derivatives within asset host contracts (4) Separate account assets (2) 
 Total assets (3) 
 Liabilities 
 Derivative liabilities: (1) 
 Interest rate 
 Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Credit 
 Equity market 
 Total derivative liabilities 
 Embedded derivatives within liability host contracts (4) 
 Separate account liabilities (2) 
 Total liabilities 
 
 165 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Fair Value (continued) 

 Foreign corporate 
 U.S. government and agency 
 RMBS 
 ABS CLO Municipals 
 CMBS 
 Foreign government 
 Total fixed maturity securities AFS 
 Short-term investments 
 Residential mortgage loans FVO 
 Other investments 
 Derivative assets: (1) 
 Interest rate 
 Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Credit 
 Equity market 
 Total derivative assets 
 Embedded derivatives within asset host contracts (4) Separate account assets (2) 
 Total assets (3) 
 Liabilities 
 Derivative liabilities: (1) 
 Interest rate 
 Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Credit 
 Equity market 
 Total derivative liabilities 
 Embedded derivatives within liability host contracts (4) 
 Separate account liabilities (2) 
 Total liabilities 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) Derivative assets are presented within other invested assets on the consolidated balance sheets and derivative liabilities are presented within other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The amounts are presented gross in the tables above to reflect the presentation on the consolidated balance sheets, but are presented net for purposes of the rollforward in the Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) tables. 
 (2) Investment performance related to separate account assets is fully offset by corresponding amounts credited to contractholders whose liability is reflected within separate account liabilities. Separate account liabilities are set equal to the estimated fair value of separate account assets. Separate account liabilities presented in the tables above represent derivative liabilities. 
 166 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Fair Value (continued) 

 million and million, respectively. 
 (4) Embedded derivatives within asset host contracts are presented within other invested assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Embedded derivatives within liability host contracts are presented within policyholder account balances and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 167 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Fair Value (continued) 

168 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Fair Value (continued) 

169 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Fair Value (continued) 

 170 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Fair Value (continued) 

 171 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Fair Value (continued) 

172 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Fair Value (continued) 

 - - Increase Market pricing Quoted prices (4) - - Increase RMBS Market pricing Quoted prices (4) - - Increase (5) ABS CLO Market pricing Quoted prices (4) - - Increase (5) Derivatives Interest rate Present value techniques 
 Swap yield (6) - - Increase (7) Volatility (8) - - Increase (7) Credit Present value techniques 
 Credit spreads (9) - - Decrease (7) Consensus pricing Offered quotes (10) Embedded derivatives Direct and assumed guaranteed minimum benefits 
 Option pricing techniques 
 Mortality rates: Ages 0 - 40 
 - - Decrease (11) Ages 41 - 60 
 - - Decrease (11) Ages 61 - 115 
 - - Decrease (11) Lapse rates: Durations 1 - 10 
 - - Decrease (12) Durations 11 - 20 
 - - Decrease (12) Durations 21 - 116 
 - - Decrease (12) Utilization rates - - Increase (13) Withdrawal rates - - (14) Long-term equity volatilities 
 - - Increase (15) Nonperformance risk spread 
 - - Decrease (16) 
 __________________ 
 (1) The weighted average for fixed maturity securities AFS and derivatives is determined based on the estimated fair value of the securities and derivatives. The weighted average for embedded derivatives is determined based on a combination of account values and experience data. 
 (2) The impact of a decrease in input would have resulted in the opposite impact on estimated fair value. For embedded derivatives, changes to direct and assumed guaranteed minimum benefits are based on liability positions. 
 (3) Significant increases (decreases) in expected default rates in isolation would have resulted in substantially lower (higher) valuations. 
 (4) Range and weighted average are presented in accordance with the market convention for fixed maturity securities AFS of dollars per hundred dollars of par. 
 (5) Changes in the assumptions used for the probability of default would have been accompanied by a directionally similar change in the assumption used for the loss severity and a directionally opposite change in the assumptions used for prepayment rates. 
 (6) Ranges represent the rates across different yield curves and are presented in basis points. The swap yield curves are utilized among different types of derivatives to project cash flows, as well as to discount future cash flows to present value. Since this valuation methodology uses a range of inputs across a yield curve to value the derivative, presenting a range is more representative of the unobservable input used in the valuation. 
 173 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Fair Value (continued) 

 All other classes of securities classified within Level 3, including those within other investments, separate account assets, and embedded derivatives within funds withheld related to certain ceded reinsurance, use the same valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs as previously described for Level 3 securities. Generally, all other classes of assets and liabilities classified within Level 3 that are not included above use the same valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs as previously described for Level 3. The sensitivity of the estimated fair value to changes in the significant unobservable inputs for these other assets and liabilities is similar in nature to that described in the preceding table. The valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement for the more significant assets measured at estimated fair value on a nonrecurring basis and determined using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) are summarized in Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements. 
 174 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Fair Value (continued) 

 Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in 
 net income (loss) (1), (2) 
 ) Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in AOCI ) ) Purchases (3) Sales (3) ) ) ) Issuances (3) Settlements (3) Transfers into Level 3 (4) Transfers out of Level 3 (4) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in 
 net income (loss) (1), (2) 
 ) ) Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in AOCI 
 ) ) Purchases (3) Sales (3) ) ) ) ) Issuances (3) Settlements (3) Transfers into Level 3 (4) Transfers out of Level 3 (4) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in net 
 income (loss) for the instruments still held at 
 December 31, 2020: (5) 
 ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in net 
 income (loss) for the instruments still held at 
 December 31, 2021: (5) 
 ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in net 
 income (loss) for the instruments still held at 
 December 31, 2022: (5) 
 ) ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in 
 AOCI for the instruments still held at 
 December 31, 2020: (5) 
 Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in 
 AOCI for the instruments still held at 
 December 31, 2021: (5) 
 ) ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in 
 AOCI for the instruments still held at 
 December 31, 2022: (5) 
 ) ) Gains (Losses) Data for the year ended 
 December 31, 2020 
 Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in 
 net income (loss) (1), (2) 
 ) Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in 
 AOCI 
 
 175 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Fair Value (continued) 

 ) Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in 
 net income (loss) (1), (2) 
 ) ) Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in AOCI 
 ) Purchases (3) Sales (3) ) ) ) Issuances (3) ) ) Settlements (3) ) ) Transfers into Level 3 (4) Transfers out of Level 3 (4) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in 
 net income (loss) (1), (2) 
 ) ) ) Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in AOCI 
 ) Purchases (3) Sales (3) ) ) ) Issuances (3) ) ) Settlements (3) ) ) Transfers into Level 3 (4) Transfers out of Level 3 (4) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) for the instruments still held at December 31, 2020: (5) ) ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) for the instruments still held at December 31, 2021: (5) ) ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) for the instruments still held at December 31, 2022: (5) ) ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in 
 AOCI for the instruments still held at 
 December 31, 2020: (5) 
 Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in 
 AOCI for the instruments still held at 
 December 31, 2021: (5) 
 ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in 
 AOCI for the instruments still held at 
 December 31, 2022: (5) 
 ) Gains (Losses) Data for the year ended 
 December 31, 2020 
 Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in 
 net income (loss) (1), (2) 
 ) Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in AOCI 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) Amortization of premium/accretion of discount is included within net investment income. Impairments and changes in ACL charged to net income (loss) on certain securities are included in net investment gains (losses), while changes in estimated fair value of residential mortgage loans FVO are included in net investment income. Lapses associated with net embedded derivatives are included in net derivative gains (losses). Substantially all realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) for net derivatives and net embedded derivatives are reported in net derivative gains (losses). 
 176 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Fair Value (continued) 

Difference between estimated fair value and unpaid principal balance ) Carrying value at estimated fair value Loans in nonaccrual status Loans more than 90 days past due Loans in nonaccrual status or more than 90 days past due, or both difference between aggregate estimated fair value and unpaid principal balance ) 

177 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Fair Value (continued) 
 ) ) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Estimated fair values for impaired mortgage loans are based on estimated fair value of the underlying collateral. 
 
 Policy loans 
 Other invested assets 
 Premiums, reinsurance and other receivables Liabilities 
 Policyholder account balances 
 Long-term debt 
 Other liabilities 
 Separate account liabilities 
 
 178 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Fair Value (continued) 

 Policy loans 
 Other invested assets 
 Premiums, reinsurance and other receivables Liabilities 
 Policyholder account balances 
 Long-term debt 
 Other liabilities 
 Separate account liabilities 
 
 _________________ 
 (1) Includes mortgage loans measured at estimated fair value on a nonrecurring basis and excludes mortgage loans measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis. 
 179 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

to . The remaining lease terms for the subleases are less than to . 
 ROU Assets and Lease Liabilities 
 Lease liabilities 
 Lease Costs 
 Sublease income ) ) ) 
 Other Information 
 ROU assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term years years Weighted-average discount rate 
 Maturities of Lease Liabilities 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Total undiscounted cash flows 
 Less: interest Present value of lease liability 
 
 180 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 10. Leases (continued) 

- 2037 ) ) Surplus notes 
 - 2024 - 2025 ) ) Other notes - 2023 - 2027 ) ) Total long-term debt 
 ) ) Total short-term debt 
 Total 
 ) ) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Range of interest rates and weighted average interest rates are for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The aggregate maturities of long-term debt at December 31, 2022 for the next five years and thereafter are million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027 and million thereafter. 
 Unsecured senior debt which consists of senior notes and other notes rank highest in priority. Payments of interest and principal on Metropolitan Life Insurance Company s surplus notes are subordinate to all other obligations and may be made only with the prior approval of the New York State Department of Financial Services NYDFS ). 
 Other Notes 
 In December 2022 and 2021, Missouri Reinsurance, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued to MetLife, Inc. a million promissory note and a million promissory note, respectively. Both notes are payable semi-annually and mature in December 2024. 
 At December 31, 2022, MetLife Private Equity Holdings, LLC MPEH ), a wholly-owned indirect investment subsidiary of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, was party to a credit agreement providing for million of term loans and million of a revolving loan (the Credit Agreement ), which matures in September 2026. In March 2020, MPEH borrowed million on a revolving loan under the Credit Agreement and repaid this loan in July 2020. Simultaneously, in July 2020, MPEH borrowed million on the term loan under the Credit Agreement. MPEH has pledged invested assets to secure the loans; however, these loans are non-recourse to Metropolitan Life Insurance Company. 
 Short-term Debt 
 Average daily balance 
 Average days outstanding 
 days days 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the weighted average interest rate on short-term debt was , and , respectively. 
 181 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 11. Long-term and Short-term Debt (continued) 

 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts include million, million and million of interest expense related to affiliated debt for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Credit Facility 
 At December 31, 2022, MetLife, Inc. and MetLife Funding, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company MetLife Funding ), maintained a billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility ). When drawn upon, this facility bears interest at varying rates in accordance with the agreement. 
 The Credit Facility is used for general corporate purposes, to support the borrowers commercial paper programs and for the issuance of letters of credit. Total fees associated with the Credit Facility were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and were included in other expenses. 
 February 2026 (2) 
 __________________ 
 (1) MetLife, Inc. and MetLife Funding are severally liable for their respective obligations under the Credit Facility. MetLife Funding was not an applicant under letters of credit outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and is not responsible for any reimbursement obligations under such letters of credit. 
 (2) All borrowings under the Credit Facility must be repaid by February 26, 2026, except that letters of credit outstanding upon termination may remain outstanding until February 26, 2027. 
 Debt and Facility Covenants 
 Certain of the Company s debt instruments and the Credit Facility contain various administrative, reporting, legal and financial covenants. The Company believes it was in compliance with all applicable financial covenants at December 31, 2022. 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 182 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 12. Equity (continued) 

 million and the aggregate actual regulatory capital and surplus of such operations was million as of the date of the most recently required capital adequacy calculation for each jurisdiction. The Company s foreign insurance operations exceeded the minimum capital and solvency requirements as of the date of the most recent fiscal year-end capital adequacy calculation for each jurisdiction. 
 Statutory accounting principles differ from GAAP primarily by charging policy acquisition costs to expense as incurred, establishing future policy benefit liabilities using different actuarial assumptions, reporting surplus notes as surplus instead of debt and valuing securities on a different basis. 
 In addition, certain assets are not admitted under statutory accounting principles and are charged directly to surplus. The most significant assets not admitted by Metropolitan Life Insurance Company are net deferred income tax assets resulting from temporary differences between statutory accounting principles basis and tax basis not expected to reverse and become recoverable within three years. Further, statutory accounting principles do not give recognition to purchase accounting adjustments. 
 New York has adopted certain prescribed accounting practices, primarily consisting of the continuous Commissioners Annuity Reserve Valuation Method, which impacts deferred annuities, and the New York Special Considerations Letter, which mandates certain assumptions in asset adequacy testing. The collective impact of these prescribed accounting practices decreased the statutory capital and surplus of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company by billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, compared to what capital and surplus would have been had it been measured under NAIC guidance. 
 Statutory net income (loss) of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, a New York domiciled insurer, was billion, billion and billion at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Statutory capital and surplus, including the aforementioned prescribed practice was billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All such amounts are derived from the statutory basis financial statements as filed with the NYDFS. 
 
 billion and billion in dividends to MetLife, Inc. for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, including amounts where regulatory approval was obtained as required. Under 
 183 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 12. Equity (continued) 

 billion to MetLife, Inc. without prior regulatory approval by the end of 2023. 
 
 ) ) OCI before reclassifications 
 ) Deferred income tax benefit (expense) 
 ) ) ) ) AOCI before reclassifications, net of income tax 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 ) ) Deferred income tax benefit (expense) 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI, net of income tax 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) OCI before reclassifications 
 ) ) Deferred income tax benefit (expense) 
 ) ) ) AOCI before reclassifications, net of income tax 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 Deferred income tax benefit (expense) 
 ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI, net of income tax 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) OCI before reclassifications 
 ) ) ) ) Deferred income tax benefit (expense) 
 ) AOCI before reclassifications, net of income tax 
 ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 Deferred income tax benefit (expense) 
 ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI, net of income tax 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 For information on offsets to investments related to policyholder liabilities, DAC, VOBA and DSI, see Net Unrealized Investment Gains (Losses). 
 184 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 12. Equity (continued) ) ) Net investment gains (losses) Net unrealized investment gains (losses) 
 ) ) Net investment income Net unrealized investment gains (losses) 
 ) ) ) Net derivative gains (losses) Net unrealized investment gains (losses), before income tax ) ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit 
 Net unrealized investment gains (losses), net of income tax 
 ) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives - cash flow hedges: 
 Interest rate derivatives 
 Net investment income Interest rate derivatives 
 Net investment gains (losses) Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives 
 Net investment income Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives 
 ) ) Net investment gains (losses) Gains (losses) on cash flow hedges, before income tax 
 ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit 
 ) Gains (losses) on cash flow hedges, net of income tax 
 ) ) Defined benefit plans adjustment: (1) 
 Amortization of net actuarial gains (losses) 
 ) ) ) Amortization of prior service (costs) credit 
 Amortization of defined benefit plan items, before income tax 
 ) ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit 
 Amortization of defined benefit plan items, net of income tax 
 ) ) ) Total reclassifications, net of income tax 
 ) ) 
 __________________ 
 (1) These AOCI components are included in the computation of net periodic benefit costs. See Note 14. 
 185 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 12. Equity (continued) Derivatives 
 Other 
 Subtotal 
 ) Amounts allocated from: 
 Policyholder liabilities ) ) DAC, VOBA and DSI 
 ) ) Subtotal 
 ) ) Deferred income tax benefit (expense) 
 ) ) Net unrealized investment gains (losses) 
 ) 
 186 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Recordkeeping and administrative services (1) Administrative services-only contracts Other revenue from service contracts from customers Total revenues from service contracts from customers Other (2) Total other revenues 
 __________________ 
 (1) Related to products and businesses no longer actively marketed by the Company. 
 (2) Primarily includes reinsurance ceded. See Note 5. 
 
 Pension, postretirement and postemployment benefit costs Premium taxes, other taxes, and licenses fees Commissions and other variable expenses Capitalization of DAC ) ) ) Amortization of DAC and VOBA Interest expense on debt Total other expenses 
 __________________ 
 (1) Includes million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for the net change in cash surrender value of investments in certain life insurance policies, net of premiums paid. 
 Capitalization of DAC and Amortization of DAC and VOBA 
 See Note 4 for additional information on DAC and VOBA including impacts of capitalization and amortization. See also Note 6 for a description of the DAC amortization impact associated with the closed block. 
 Expenses related to Debt 
 See Note 11 for additional information on interest expense on debt, including affiliated interest expense. 
 Affiliated Expenses 
 See Notes 5 and 17 for a discussion of affiliated expenses related to reinsurance and service agreement transactions, respectively, included in the table above. 
 187 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Service costs 
 Interest costs 
 Net actuarial (gains) losses (1) ) ) Settlements and curtailments ) Benefits paid 
 ) ) Benefit obligations at December 31, Change in plan assets: 
 Estimated fair value of plan assets at January 1, 
 Employer contributions 
 Benefits paid 
 ) ) Estimated fair value of plan assets at December 31, Over (under) funded status at December 31, ) ) Amounts recognized on the consolidated balance sheets: 
 Other liabilities 
 ) ) AOCI: 
 Net actuarial (gains) losses 
 Prior service costs (credit) 
 ) ) AOCI, before income tax 
 Accumulated benefit obligation 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2022, significant sources of actuarial (gains) losses for pension benefits include the impact of changes to the financial assumptions of million and plan experience of million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, significant sources of actuarial (gains) losses for pension benefits include the impact of changes to the financial assumptions of million and plan experience of million . 
 188 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 14. Employee Benefit Plans (continued) 

 Accumulated benefit obligations 
 
 Net Periodic Benefit Costs 
 Interest costs 
 Settlement and curtailment (gains) losses ) Amortization of net actuarial (gains) losses 
 Amortization of prior service costs (credit) 
 ) ) ) Total net periodic benefit costs (credit) Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in OCI: 
 Net actuarial (gains) losses 
 ) ) Prior service costs (credit) 
 Settlement and curtailment (gains) losses Amortization of net actuarial (gains) losses 
 ) ) ) Amortization of prior service costs (credit) Total recognized in OCI 
 ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit costs and OCI 
 ) 
 Assumptions 
 Weighted average interest crediting rate 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 - December 31, 2021 Weighted average discount rate 
 Weighted average interest crediting rate 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 - 
 189 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 14. Employee Benefit Plans (continued) 

 Weighted average interest crediting rate 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 - Year Ended December 31, 2021 Weighted average discount rate 
 Weighted average interest crediting rate 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 - Year Ended December 31, 2020 Weighted average discount rate 
 Weighted average interest crediting rate 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 - 
 The weighted average discount rate for the plan is determined annually based on the yield, measured on a yield to worst basis, of a hypothetical portfolio constructed of high quality debt instruments available on the measurement date, which would provide the necessary future cash flows to pay the aggregate PBO when due. 
 The weighted average interest crediting rate is determined annually based on the plan selected rate, long-term financial forecasts of that rate and the demographics of the plan participants. 
 Expected Future Contributions and Benefit Payments 
 Benefit payments due under the nonqualified pension plan are primarily funded from the Company s general assets as they become due under the provisions of the plan. The Company expects to make benefit payments of million in 2023. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 
 190 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

) U.S. state and local 
 Non-U.S. 
 ) Subtotal 
 ) Deferred: 
 U.S. federal 
 ) Non-U.S. 
 ) Subtotal 
 Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 
 
 Non-U.S. 
 Total 
 
 Tax effect of: Dividend received deduction ) ) ) Tax-exempt income ) ) Prior year tax ) Low income housing tax credits ) ) ) Other tax credits ) ) ) Foreign tax rate differential ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) Other, net (1) ) ) ) Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 
 __________________ 
 191 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 15. Income Tax (continued) 

 million related to a non-cash transfer of assets from a wholly-owned United Kingdom U.K. subsidiary to Metropolitan Life Insurance Company. 
 Net operating loss carryforwards (1) 
 Employee benefits 
 Tax credit carryforwards (2) 
 Litigation-related and government mandated Net unrealized investment losses 
 Other 
 Total gross deferred income tax assets 
 Less: Valuation allowance 
 Total net deferred income tax assets 
 Deferred income tax liabilities: 
 Investments, including derivatives 
 Intangibles 
 DAC Net unrealized investment gains Total deferred income tax liabilities 
 Net deferred income tax asset (liability) 
 ) 
 __________________ 
 (1) The Company has recorded a deferred tax asset of million primarily related to U.S. state net operating loss carryforwards and an offsetting valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2022. U.S. state net operating loss carryforwards will expire between 2023 and 2042. 
 (2) Tax credit carryforwards for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily reflect general business credits expiring between 2039 and 2042 and are increased by million related to unrecognized tax benefits. 
 The Company participates in a tax sharing agreement with MetLife, Inc., as described in Note 1. Pursuant to this tax sharing agreement, the amounts due to (from) MetLife, Inc. included million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company files income tax returns with the U.S. federal government and various U.S. state and local jurisdictions, as well as non-U.S. jurisdictions. The Company is under continuous examination by the Internal Revenue Service IRS and other tax authorities in jurisdictions in which the Company has significant business operations. The income tax years under examination vary by jurisdiction and subsidiary. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, or local income tax examinations for years prior to 2017. 
 In 2021, the Company filed amended Federal income tax returns with the IRS for MetLife, Inc. and subsidiaries for tax years 2014 through 2016. In 2022, the IRS reviewed and acknowledged acceptance of the 2014 through 2016 amended Federal income tax returns and closed the years to further audit. 
 192 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 15. Income Tax (continued) 

 million interest benefit million, net of tax) included in other expenses. 
 The Company s overall liability for unrecognized tax benefits may increase or decrease in the next 12 months. For example, U.S. federal tax legislation and regulation could impact unrecognized tax benefits. A reasonable estimate of the increase or decrease cannot be made at this time. However, the Company continues to believe that the ultimate resolution of the pending issues will not result in a material change to its consolidated financial statements, although the resolution of income tax matters could impact the Company s effective tax rate for a particular future period. 
 Additions for tax positions of prior years 
 Reductions for tax positions of prior years (1) 
 ) ) Additions for tax positions of current year 
 Balance at December 31, 
 Unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective rate 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) The decreases in 2022 and 2021 are primarily related to non-cash benefits from tax audit settlements. 
 
 193 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

to million. 
 Matters as to Which an Estimate Cannot Be Made 
 For other matters, the Company is not currently able to estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss. The Company is often unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss until developments in such matters have provided sufficient information to support an assessment of the range of possible loss, such as quantification of a damage demand from plaintiffs, discovery from other parties and investigation of factual allegations, rulings by the court on motions or appeals, analysis by experts, and the progress of settlement negotiations. On a quarterly and annual basis, the Company reviews relevant information with respect to litigation contingencies and updates its accruals, disclosures and estimates of reasonably possible losses or ranges of loss based on such reviews. 
 194 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 16. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees (continued) 

 Number of new claims during the year 
 Settlement payments during the year (1) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Settlement payments represent payments made by Metropolitan Life Insurance Company during the year in connection with settlements made in that year and in prior years. Amounts do not include Metropolitan Life Insurance Company s attorneys fees and expenses. 
 The number of asbestos cases that may be brought, the aggregate amount of any liability that Metropolitan Life Insurance Company may incur, and the total amount paid in settlements in any given year are uncertain and may vary significantly from year to year. 
 The ability of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company to estimate its ultimate asbestos exposure is subject to considerable uncertainty, and the conditions impacting its liability can be dynamic and subject to change. The availability of reliable data is limited and it is difficult to predict the numerous variables that can affect liability estimates, including the number of future claims, the cost to resolve claims, the disease mix and severity of disease in pending and future claims, the willingness of courts to allow plaintiffs to pursue claims against Metropolitan Life Insurance Company when exposure to asbestos took place after the dangers of asbestos exposure were well known, and the impact of any possible future adverse verdicts and their amounts. 
 195 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 16. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees (continued) 

 million at December 31, 2022. The recorded liability was million at December 31, 2021. 
 Total Asset Recovery Services, LLC. v. MetLife, Inc., et al. (Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York, filed December 27, 2017) 
 Total Asset Recovery Services (the Relator brought an action under the qui tam provision of the New York False Claims Act (the Act on behalf of itself and the State of New York. The Relator originally filed this action under seal in 2010, and the complaint was unsealed on December 19, 2017. The Relator alleges that MetLife, Inc., Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, and several other insurance companies violated the Act by filing false unclaimed property reports with the State of New York from 1986 to 2017, to avoid having to escheat the proceeds of more than 25,000 life insurance policies, including policies for which the defendants escheated funds as part of their demutualizations in the late 1990s. The Relator seeks treble damages and other relief. The Appellate Division of the New York State Supreme Court, First Department, reversed the court s order granting MetLife, Inc. and Metropolitan Life Insurance Company s motion to dismiss and remanded the case to the trial court where the Relator has filed an amended complaint. The Company intends to defend the action vigorously. 
 Matters Related to Group Annuity Benefits 
 In 2018, the Company announced that it identified a material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting related to the practices and procedures for estimating reserves for certain group annuity benefits. Several regulators have made inquiries into this issue and it is possible that other jurisdictions may pursue similar investigations or inquiries. The Company could be exposed to lawsuits and additional legal actions relating to this issue. These may result in payments, including damages, fines, penalties, interest and other amounts assessed or awarded by courts or regulatory authorities under applicable escheat, tax, securities, Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, or other laws or regulations. The Company could incur significant costs in connection with these actions. 
 
 billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Commitments to Fund Partnership Investments, Bank Credit Facilities, Bridge Loans and Private Corporate Bond Investments 
 The Company commits to fund partnership investments and to lend funds under bank credit facilities, bridge loans and private corporate bond investments. The amounts of these unfunded commitments were billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 196 

Table of Contents 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 (A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of MetLife, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 16. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees (continued) 

 million to million, with a cumulative maximum of million, while in other cases such limitations are not specified or applicable. Since certain of these obligations are not subject to limitations, the Company does not believe that it is possible to determine the maximum potential amount that could become due under these guarantees in the future. Management believes that it is unlikely the Company will have to make any material payments under these indemnities or guarantees. 
 In addition, the Company indemnifies its directors and officers as provided in its charters and by-laws. Also, the Company indemnifies its agents for liabilities incurred as a result of their representation of the Company s interests. Since these indemnities are generally not subject to limitation with respect to duration or amount, the Company does not believe that it is possible to determine the maximum potential amount that could become due under these indemnities in the future. 
 The Company s recorded liabilities were million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, for indemnities and guarantees. 

billion, billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Total revenues received from affiliates related to these agreements were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company had net payables to affiliates, related to the items discussed above, of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 See Notes 1, 5, 7, 11 and 12 for additional information on related party transactions. 
 197 

Table of Contents 

 Public utilities 
 Municipals 
 Foreign government 
 All other corporate bonds 
 Total bonds 
 Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized loan obligations securities Redeemable preferred stock 
 Total fixed maturity securities AFS 
 Mortgage loans 
 Policy loans 
 Real estate and real estate joint ventures 
 Real estate acquired in satisfaction of debt 
 Other limited partnership interests 
 Short-term investments 
 Other invested assets 
 Total investments 
 ______________ 
 (1) Includes investments in related parties of billion; see Notes 5, 7 and 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 198 

Table of Contents 

 MetLife Holdings 
 Corporate Other 
 Total 
 2021 U.S. 
 MetLife Holdings 
 Corporate Other 
 Total 
 
 _____________ 
 (1) Amounts are included within the future policy benefits, other policy-related balances and policyholder dividend obligation column. 
 (2) Includes premiums received in advance. 
 199 

Table of Contents 

 MetLife Holdings 
 Corporate Other 
 ) Total 
 2021 U.S. 
 MetLife Holdings 
 Corporate Other 
 ) Total 
 2020 U.S. 
 MetLife Holdings 
 Corporate Other 
 ) Total 
 
 _____________ 
 (1) Includes other expenses and policyholder dividends, excluding amortization of DAC and VOBA charged to other expenses. 
 200 

Table of Contents 

 Insurance premium 
 Life insurance (1) 
 Accident health insurance 
 Total insurance premium 
 2021 Life insurance in-force 
 Insurance premium 
 Life insurance (1) 
 Accident health insurance 
 Total insurance premium 
 2020 Life insurance in-force 
 Insurance premium 
 Life insurance (1) 
 Accident health insurance 
 Total insurance premium 
 
 ______________ 
 (1) Includes annuities with life contingencies. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, reinsurance ceded and assumed included affiliated transactions for life insurance in-force of billion and billion, respectively, and life insurance premiums of million and million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, reinsurance ceded and assumed included affiliated transactions for life insurance in-force of billion and billion, respectively, and life insurance premiums of million and billion, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2020, reinsurance ceded and assumed included affiliated transactions for life insurance in-force of billion and billion, respectively, and life insurance premiums of million and million, respectively. 
 201 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. The Company has designed these controls and procedures to ensure that information the Company is required to disclose in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to Company management, including the CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management, including the CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 There were no changes to the Company s internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. In fulfilling this responsibility, management s estimates and judgments must assess the expected benefits and related costs of control procedures. The Company s internal control objectives include providing management with reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that the Company has safeguarded assets against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that the Company has executed transactions in accordance with management s authorization and recorded them properly to permit the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP. 
 Management evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In the opinion of management, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 202 

Table of Contents 

 Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Deloitte Touche LLP Deloitte ), the independent auditor of MetLife, Inc., has served as the independent auditor of the Company since at least 1968. Its long-term knowledge of the MetLife group of companies, combined with its insurance industry expertise and global presence, has enabled it to carry out its audits of the Company s financial statements with effectiveness and efficiency. Deloitte is a registered public accounting firm with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley and the Rules of the PCAOB. 
 Under current legal requirements, the lead or concurring audit partner for MetLife may not serve in that role for more than five consecutive fiscal years, and the Audit Committee ensures the regular rotation of the audit engagement team partners as required by law. The Chair of the Audit Committee, together with other members of the Audit Committee and management of MetLife, Inc., is actively involved in the selection process for the lead and concurring partners. 
 
 Independent Auditor s Fees for 2022 and 2021 
 The table below presents fees for professional services rendered by Deloitte for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements, audit-related services, tax services and all other services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All fees shown in the table were related to services that were approved by the Audit Committee. 
 2022 2021 (In millions) Audit fees (1) 44.3 40.3 Audit-related fees (2) 3.9 3.9 Tax fees (3) All other fees (4) 0.1 0.7 
 ______________ 
 (1) Fees for services to perform an audit or review in accordance with auditing standards of the PCAOB and services that generally only the Company s independent auditor can reasonably provide, such as comfort letters, statutory audits, attest services, consents, and assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC. 
 (2) Fees for assurance and related services, including System and Organization Control (SOC) audit reports, as mandated by Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagements No. 18 (SSAE 18). 
 (3) Fees for tax compliance, consultation, and planning services. Tax compliance generally involves preparation of original and amended tax returns, claims for refunds and tax payment planning services. Tax consultation and tax planning encompass a diverse range of advisory services, including assistance in connection with tax audits and filing appeals, tax advice related to mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, advice related to employee benefit plans and requests for rulings or technical advice from taxing authorities. 
 (4) Fees for other types of permitted services, including consulting, financial advisory services, and actuarial services. 
 203 

Table of Contents 

 Approval of Fees 
 The Audit Committee approves Deloitte s audit and non-audit services in advance as required under Sarbanes-Oxley and SEC rules. Before the commencement of each fiscal year, the Audit Committee appoints the independent auditor to perform pre-approved audit services and pre-approved audit-related tax and other permitted non-audit services that MetLife expects to be performed for the fiscal year. The Audit Committee or a designated member of the Audit Committee to whom authority has been delegated may, from time to time, pre-approve additional audit and non-audit services to be performed by MetLife s independent auditor. Any pre-approval of services between Audit Committee meetings must be reported to the full Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 
 The Audit Committee is responsible for approving fees for the audit and for any audit-related, tax or other permitted non-audit services. If the audit, audit-related, tax and other permitted non-audit fees for a particular period or service exceed the amounts previously approved, the Audit Committee determines whether or not to approve the additional fees. 
 204 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 1. Financial Statements 
 The financial statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes and Schedules on page 74. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 The financial statement schedules are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes and Schedules on page 74. 
 3. Exhibits 
 The exhibits are listed in the Exhibit Index which begins on page 206. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 205 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Index 
 
 (Note Regarding Reliance on Statements in Our Contracts: In reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, please remember that they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates, or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and (i) should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; (ii) have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement; (iii) may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to investors; and (iv) were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments. Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Additional information about Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates may be found elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Metropolitan Life Insurance Company s other public filings, which are available without charge through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov.) 
 Incorporated By Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 2.1 Plan of Reorganization of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company dated September 28, 1999. 
 S-1 333-91517 2.1 November 23, 1999 
 2.2 Amendment to Plan of Reorganization of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, dated March 9, 2000 . 
 S-1/A 333-91517 
 2.2 March 29, 2000 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Charter of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, effective May 16, 2016 . 
 8-K 000-55029 3.2 May 19, 2016 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, effective August 23, 2022. 
 8-K 000-55029 3.2 August 26, 2022 
 4.1 Description of Securities . 
 X 10.1 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2021, amending and restating the Five-Year Credit Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2017, among MetLife, Inc. and MetLife Funding, Inc., as borrowers, and the other parties signatory thereto. 
 8-K 
 001-15787 
 10.1 March 2, 2021 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 
 X 
 206 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated By Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101). X 
 207 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 March 8, 2023 
 METROPOLITAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY By: /s/ Michel A. Khalaf Name: Michel A. Khalaf Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 
 /s/ Cheryl W. Gris Director March 8, 2023 Cheryl W. Gris /s/ Carlos M. Gutierrez Director March 8, 2023 Carlos M. Gutierrez /s/ Carla A. Harris Director March 8, 2023 Carla A. Harris /s/ Gerald L. Hassell Director March 8, 2023 Gerald L. Hassell /s/ David L. Herzog Director March 8, 2023 David L. Herzog /s/ R. Glenn Hubbard Chairman of the Board March 8, 2023 R. Glenn Hubbard /s/ Edward J. Kelly, III Director March 8, 2023 Edward J. Kelly, III /s/ William E. Kennard Director March 8, 2023 William E. Kennard /s/ Catherine R. Kinney Director March 8, 2023 Catherine R. Kinney /s/ Diana L. McKenzie Director March 8, 2023 Diana L. McKenzie /s/ Denise M. Morrison Director March 8, 2023 Denise M. Morrison /s/ Mark A. Weinberger Director March 8, 2023 Mark A. Weinberger 

208 

Table of Contents 

 Signature 
 Title 
 Date 
 /s/ Michel A. Khalaf President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 March 8, 2023 Michel A. Khalaf /s/ John D. McCallion Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 March 8, 2023 John D. McCallion /s/ Tamara L. Schock Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 March 8, 2023 Tamara L. Schock 
 209 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 mlic-20221231xex41.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 4.1 

 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 The following description of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company s securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is qualified in its entirety by reference to our amended and restated charter and our amended and restated by-laws, each of which we have previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and applicable law. As used in this exhibit, we, our and MLIC mean Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and do not include its subsidiaries or parent, MetLife, Inc. 
 As of March 8, 2023, our only class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act is common stock, par value 0.01 per share common stock ). We have authorized 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock, of which 494,466,664 shares were outstanding as of March 8, 2023. All of such issued and outstanding shares are fully paid and non-assessable. The remaining shares of authorized and unissued common stock will be available for future issuance without additional shareholder approval, provided that no such shares shall be issued without the prior written consent of the Superintendent of Financial Services of the State of New York (or any governmental officer, body or authority that succeeds the Superintendent as the primary regulator of our insurance business under applicable law). 
 All of the issued and outstanding common stock is owned directly by MetLife, Inc. Our common stock is not listed on any securities exchange. There is no authorized preferred stock. 
 Dividends 
 The holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by our board of directors. Dividends may be paid in cash, property, bonds or shares of MLIC, including the bonds or shares of other corporations, except as limited by applicable law. There is no requirement or assurance that we will declare and pay any dividends. 
 Voting Rights 
 The holders of common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters on which the holders of common stock are entitled to vote, including the election of directors, and do not have any cumulative voting rights. 
 Liquidation and Dissolution 
 In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of common stock are entitled to share equally and ratably in our assets, if any, remaining after the payment of all of our liabilities. 
 Other Rights 
 The holders of common stock have no preemptive, conversion, redemption or sinking fund rights. The holders of shares of our common stock are not required to make additional capital contributions. 
 1 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 mlic-20221231xconsentex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement No. 333-234816 on Form S-3 of our report dated March 8, 2023 relating to the financial statements of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 New York, New York 
 March 8, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 mlic-20221231xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Michel A. Khalaf, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 8, 2023 
 s Michel A. Khalaf Michel A. Khalaf President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 mlic-20221231xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, John D. McCallion, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 8, 2023 
 s John D. McCallion John D. McCallion Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 mlic-20221231xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED 
 STATES CODE 
 I, Michel A. Khalaf, certify that (i) Metropolitan Life Insurance Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company. 
 Date March 8, 2023 
 s Michel A. Khalaf Michel A. Khalaf President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 mlic-20221231xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED 
 STATES CODE 
 I, John D. McCallion, certify that (i) Metropolitan Life Insurance Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company. 
 Date March 8, 2023 
 s John D. McCallion John D. McCallion Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 mlic-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 mlic-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 mlic-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 mlic-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 mlic-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

