<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_1719395_0000950170-23-009521.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14792175</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>762359</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1863462</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7086271</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2007752</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2753641</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-009521.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230323163155
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-009521
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eargo, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001719395
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORTHOPEDIC, PROSTHETIC & SURGICAL APPLIANCES & SUPPLIES [3842]
		IRS NUMBER:				273879804
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39616
		FILM NUMBER:		23756682

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2665 NORTH FIRST STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-351-7700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2665 NORTH FIRST STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-009521.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 ear-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 30, 2022, was . 
 The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of March 20, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 54 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 54 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 54 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 54 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 55 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 56 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 57 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 76 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 77 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 104 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 104 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 105 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 105 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 106 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 106 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 106 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 106 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 106 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 107 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 107 

i 

Special note regarding forward-looking statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements about us and our industry that involve substantial risks, uncertainties and assumptions. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding our strategy, future financial condition, future operations, projected costs, prospects, plans, objectives of management and expected market growth, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as aim, anticipate, assume, believe, contemplate, continue, could, design, due, estimate, expect, forecast, goal, guidance, intend, likely, may, objective, plan, ongoing, positioned, possible, potential, predict, project, seek, shall, should, target, will, would and other similar expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events and future trends, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 the impact on our business of the civil settlement agreement with the U.S. government that resolved the investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ related to insurance claims for reimbursement submitted to various federal employee health plans under the Federal Employee Health Benefits FEHB program, and the extent to which we may be able to validate and establish additional processes to support the submission of claims for reimbursement to health plans under the FEHB program, and our ability to obtain, maintain or increase insurance coverage for our hearing aids in the future; 

our expectations with regard to changes in the regulatory landscape for hearing aid devices, including the implementation of the United States Food and Drug Administration s new over-the-counter OTC hearing aid regulatory framework and any potential Medicare coverage for certain hearing aids, as well as any potential actions insurance providers may take following such regulatory changes; 

the timing or results of claims audits and medical records reviews by third-party payors; 

the expense, timing and outcome of the purported securities class action litigation alleging that certain of our disclosures about our business, operations and prospects, including reimbursement from third-party payors, violated the federal securities laws and the purported derivative action alleging that our directors breached their fiduciary duties by failing to implement and maintain an effective system of internal controls; 

estimates of our future revenue and expenses; 

estimates of our future capital needs and our ability to raise capital on favorable terms, if at all, including the timing of future capital requirements and the terms or timing of any future financings; 

our expectations regarding our omni-channel business, including commercial partnerships with retailers, resellers and other distributors and our ability to execute additional commercial partnerships and expand our customers experience of and access to our devices through such commercial partnerships; 

our ability to attract and retain customers; 

our expectations concerning additional orders by existing customers; 

our expectations regarding the potential market size and size of the potential consumer populations for our products and any future products, including our ability to obtain, maintain or increase insurance coverage of and reimbursement of insurance claims for Eargo hearing aids, which is substantially dependent on, among other things, the outcomes of our efforts to validate and establish additional processes to support the submission of claims for reimbursement from various federal health plans, any third-party payor audits and pending regulations; 

our ability to release new hearing aids and the anticipated features of any such hearing aids and our ability to transition our existing customers to new hearing aids, including when older models are discontinued; 

developments and projections relating to our competitors and our industry, including competing products; 

our ability to maintain our competitive technological advantages against new entrants in our industry; 

the pricing of our hearing aids; 

our expectations regarding the availability, supply, cost and inflationary pressures related to the component parts of our hearing aids; 

our expectations regarding the ability to make certain claims related to the performance of our hearing aids relative to competitive products; 

our commercialization and marketing capabilities and expectations; 

ii 

our relationships with, and the capabilities of, our component manufacturers, suppliers and freight carriers; 

the implementation of our business model and strategic plans for our business, products and technology; 

the scope of protection we are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights covering our products, including the projected terms of patent protection; 

our ability to effectively manage our business in light of the civil settlement agreement with the U.S. government, third-party payor claims audits and medical records reviews, purported securities class action and derivative litigations, and pending regulations; 

our ability to retain existing talent and attract new, highly skilled talent; 

our expectations regarding macroeconomic conditions, including but not limited to, the impact of COVID-19, inflationary trends, uncertainty or volatility in the market (including recent and potential disruption in the banking system and financial markets) and geopolitical events (such as the conflict in Ukraine and tensions across the Taiwan Strait) on our business and results of operations; and 

our future financial performance. 

We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur at all. You should refer to the section titled Risk Factors for a discussion of important factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. Furthermore, if our forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 iii 

PART I 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Overview 
 Eargo, Inc. Eargo, the Company, we, us or our is a medical device company dedicated to improving the quality of life of people with hearing loss. Our innovative products and go-to-market approach address the major challenges of traditional hearing aid adoption, including social stigma, accessibility and cost. 
 We believe Eargo hearing aids are the first ever virtually invisible, rechargeable, completely in-the-canal, FDA-regulated devices indicated to compensate for mild to moderate hearing loss. 
 We market and sell our hearing aids primarily in a direct-to-consumer format, with a personalized, consumer-centric approach. Our commercial organization consists of a marketing team with deep experience in consumer-focused brand and performance marketing, a team of inside sales consultants, and a dedicated customer support team. Our differentiated, consumer-first approach empowers consumers to take control of their hearing by improving accessibility, with personalized, high-quality remote customer support from our hearing professionals (with remote customer support continuing for as long as a customer owns their Eargo hearing aid). 
 In an industry that has, in our opinion, historically been associated with limited brand awareness, we have developed a sophisticated brand-building strategy focused on consumer empowerment. We have also developed a robust technology and data-driven marketing platform that utilizes business intelligence, key performance metrics, machine learning and other marketing data to reinforce our growing brand recognition and to identify demographics, behaviors and marketing channels most relevant to our target audience. Eargo s sales consultants leverage our digital marketing platform, which utilizes data-driven insights to iterate our sales tactics and create promotional offers, each with the goal of driving lead generation and increasing inbound lead conversions. We also see opportunity in nurturing long-term relationships with our customers to drive repeat purchases and increase their lifetime value, an objective facilitated by our provision of unlimited remote access to Eargo s hearing professionals for the life of a customer s Eargo hearing aid. 
 We have also established a highly capable research and development organization with what we believe is a rare combination of expertise in mechanical engineering, product design, audio processing, clinical and hearing science, consumer electronics and embedded software design. In addition, we employ strategic intellectual property protection in certain key areas. Our technical capabilities and commitment to innovation have allowed us to deliver significant product enhancements on a rapid development timeline, exemplified by our launch of seven iterations of the Eargo hearing aid system since 2017. 
 We believe that our differentiated hearing aids and consumer-centric approach have driven our sales of over 109,000 Eargo hearing aid systems, net of returns, as of December 31, 2022. We believe there is a large, growing and underserved market of people suffering from hearing loss, which we estimate included approximately 45 million adults (or approximately one in six adults) in the United States in 2022, of whom only approximately 25 actually owned a hearing aid. 
 The Eargo Difference 
 We are passionate about helping people hear better and are on a mission to change the way the world thinks about hearing loss. 
 Since our inception, our founding principle has been to dramatically improve the consumer experience at every step of the hearing care journey. Our products, customer support and marketing messaging are a direct result of that passion. We believe our primarily direct-to-consumer and omni-channel models can shift the paradigm in the treatment of hearing loss for the ultimate benefit of consumers. 
 Eargo hearing aids 
 Eargo hearing aids combine proprietary technology, engineering know-how and scientific and design expertise to offer high-quality performance in an in-the-canal form factor that makes them virtually invisible. We market a variety of models of hearing aids to provide customers with a range of cost and functionality options. Each generation of Eargo hearing aids has been improved with additional features, such as audio performance, enhanced physical fit and/or comfort and greater ease of use. 
 Our in-the-canal devices feature high-quality audio, are designed to provide up to 16 hours of battery life and feature Eargo s proprietary soft and flexible medical-grade silicon tips. These silicon tips are removable, allowing for simple cleaning, and can be purchased separately in several sizes to accommodate individuals with different size ear canals. Eargo s rechargeable hearing aids are designed for ease of use and maintenance while providing a comfortable fit for a majority of our target market. Additionally, several of our model devices are self-fitting as defined by the FDA. Eargo self-fitting hearing aids are adjusted by the user to meet the user s hearing needs, without the need for pre-programming or a hearing test from a hearing care professional. 
 1 

We expect to continue refining and improving Eargo hearing aids, and we have the intention of an approximate annual cadence of new product launches. To this end, we are working on the development of a cost-conscious offering as well as the next Eargo hearing aid model with improved functionality. 
 Our business model and customer journey 
 We sell our hearing aids primarily on a direct-to-consumer basis, engaging consumers through a mix of digital and traditional marketing as well as select commercial partnership, omni-channel (including retail) and other opportunities that are designed to appeal to prospective customers on a personal level and build our brand. 
 Eargo provides free educational resources as well as support from our team of sales consultants and hearing professionals, who help educate and guide prospective customers through addressing their hearing loss in a personalized and consultative experience. 
 While a hearing test is not necessary to purchase Eargo hearing aids, we offer an online, do-it-yourself hearing screening for prospective customers who are interested in learning more about their hearing. This screening is not intended to prevent, diagnose or treat hearing loss or any other disease or condition, but can assist customers in evaluating whether Eargo hearing aids may be right for them. Prospective customers can also utilize Eargo s remote support system to receive guidance regarding matters such as use, charging and cleaning of Eargo hearing aids, and real-time audio setting modification for individualized hearing loss. 
 Customers are able to complete purchases over the phone with an Eargo sales consultant or directly on our website. The Eargo purchasing experience is designed to be simple and to improve the accessibility of hearing aids. In addition, we offer a general 45-day trial period. 
 Following the United States Food and Drug Administration FDA final rule regarding the creation of a new category of over-the-counter OTC hearing aids (the OTC Final Rule ), we have focused efforts on transitioning to the new OTC framework and expanding our omni-channel approach, including exploring select additional commercial partnerships, retail, and other distribution opportunities. For example, we have a commercial arrangement with Victra, one of America s largest wireless retailers, to facilitate access to our hearing screeners and demonstrate our devices at approximately 1,500 Victra store locations across the country; customers are also able to purchase or order Eargo hearing aids at such store locations. We believe that the OTC Final Rule may facilitate the opportunity to execute additional commercial partnerships, expanding our customers ability to learn about our hearing aids, obtain general information about their hearing through our current hearing screeners, and experience our devices in person prior to purchasing or ordering directly at retail locations. 
 Moreover, following the effective date of the OTC Final Rule, we have partnered with certain resellers and other distributors, including benefits managers, to offer Eargo hearing aids for sale through their online storefronts or portals. Under these partnerships, we sell Eargo hearing aids to resellers at wholesale prices, who in turn offer our products to end-customers through their respective online storefronts or portals. Generally, we fulfill and ship orders placed through these online storefronts or portals directly to end-customers, and we generally do not submit insurance claims on behalf of customers who purchase from one of these authorized resellers, including Victra. We believe these partnerships will help expand consumer access to our hearing aids and allow us to target high-intent customers more efficiently. We continue to look for additional partners to help expand our customer base. 
 Between December 8, 2021 and September 15, 2022, we did not accept insurance as a direct method of payment to the Company (referred to as direct plan access and discussed below under Insurance-Related Business Insurance-Related Business following DOJ settlement and instead focused sales of our products to customers we refer to as cash-pay or self-pay customers, which includes upfront payment, credit card, and third-party financing, as well as third-party distributor, authorized reseller, or partner payments. We partner with third-party financing providers to make our products more accessible, and payment types may also be combined. When purchased directly through us, the Eargo hearing aid system typically arrives on average approximately three business days after shipping. 
 Once a customer purchases Eargo hearing aids, whether directly through us or through one of our partners, distributors, or authorized resellers, they are assigned to one of our hearing professionals, who provides complimentary, convenient support by phone, chat or e-mail. 
 Once a customer receives their Eargo hearing aids, their assigned hearing professional will schedule a welcome call to assist with proper use, fit and setting modification of the Eargo device. Our hearing professionals and customer care team are also available to provide unlimited support for as long as the customer owns an Eargo device. Additionally, we provide short, online training videos and other resources that customers can access online. The combination of these services allows us to deliver remote customer support in an efficient and streamlined manner. 
 We believe our business model and consumer-centric focus offer certain advantages relative to traditional sales channels (which are characterized by a business-to-business model in which hearing aid manufacturers rely on a fragmented network of independent audiology clinics to sell their devices to consumers), including in particular the convenience and accessibility of our remote customer 
 2 

support as well as our consumer-centric focus. We offer free online education, convenient consultation and remote customer support, the ability to easily purchase the Eargo system, and fast delivery. 
 Insurance-Related Business 
 DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits 
 As previously disclosed, on September 21, 2021, we were informed that we were the target of a criminal investigation by the DOJ related to insurance claims we submitted for reimbursement on behalf of our customers covered by various federal employee health plans under the FEHB program, which is administered by the Office of Personnel Management (the OPM ). The investigation also pertained to our role in claim submissions to federal employee health plans (collectively, the DOJ investigation ). Total payments the Company received from the government in relation to claims submitted under the FEHB program, as subject to the DOJ investigation, net of any product returns and associated refunds, were approximately 44.0 million. Also, as previously disclosed, the third-party payor with whom historically we had the largest volume, which is one of the carriers contracted with the OPM under the FEHB program largest third-party payor ), conducted an audit of insurance claims for reimbursement claims submitted by us (the Primary Audit ), which included a review of medical records. We were informed by the third-party payor conducting the Primary Audit that the DOJ was the principal contact related to the subject matter of the Primary Audit. In addition to the Primary Audit, we have been subject to a number of other audits of claims submitted to additional third-party payors (collectively with the Primary Audit, the claims audits ). One of these claims audits did not relate to claims submitted under the FEHB program. On January 4, 2022, the DOJ confirmed to us that the investigation had been referred to the Civil Division of the DOJ and the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Northern District of Texas and the criminal investigation was no longer active. 
 On April 29, 2022, we entered into a civil settlement agreement with the U.S. government that resolved the previously disclosed DOJ investigation related to our role in claim submissions to various federal employee health plans under the FEHB program. We cooperated fully with the DOJ investigation. We deny the allegations in the settlement agreement, and the settlement is not an admission of liability by us. The allegations did not pertain to the quality or performance of our product. The settlement agreement provided for our payment of approximately 34.4 million to the U.S. government and resolved allegations that we submitted or caused the submission of claims for payment to the FEHB program using unsupported hearing loss-related diagnostic codes. As discussed further in Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, based on the settlement agreement with the U.S. government, we recorded a settlement liability of 34.4 million in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021. The settlement amount was recorded as a reduction of revenue in the third quarter of 2021. On May 2, 2022, we paid the settlement amount. 
 The settlement with the U.S. government may not resolve all of the audits initiated by various third-party payors, and additionally we remain subject to a prepayment review of claims by the payor who conducted the Primary Audit. 
 From the time we learned of the DOJ investigation and until December 8, 2021, we continued to process orders for customers with potential insurance benefits (including FEHB program members) but suspended all claims submission activities and offered affected customers i.e. , customers using insurance benefits as a method of direct payment for transactions prior to December 8, 2021) the option to return their hearing aids or purchase their hearing aids without the use of their insurance benefits in case their claim was denied or ultimately not submitted by us to their insurance plan for payment (the extended right of return ). 
 From December 8, 2021 until September 15, 2022, we did not accept insurance benefits as a method of direct payment. We determined that customer transactions using insurance benefits as a method of direct payment occurring between September 21, 2021 (when we learned of the DOJ investigation) and December 8, 2021 (when we temporarily stopped accepting insurance benefits as a method of direct payment) did not meet the criteria for revenue recognition. As a result, we did not recognize revenue for shipments within that timeframe to customers with potential insurance benefits, substantially all of whom were covered under the FEHB program. 
 We previously estimated that a majority of customers with unsubmitted claims would choose to return the hearing aid system if their insurance provider denied their claim or the claim was ultimately not submitted by us for payment, resulting in an increase in expected product returns from sales transactions that occurred prior to September 21, 2021 and recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. Returns associated with unsubmitted claims reduce the sales returns reserve, with a corresponding reduction in the related accounts receivable at the time the product is returned. 
 We estimated that, in addition to the customers who chose to return their hearing aid systems, a significant number of customers whose claims were denied by payors or not submitted by us for payment would not pay for or return the hearing aid system, resulting in bad debt expense that was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made the determination not to seek payment for approximately 16.1 million from customers with unsubmitted and unpaid claims. We accounted for this decision as a pricing concession and, during the year ended December 31, 2022 recorded a 16.1 million reduction to our insurance-related accounts receivable balance, along with related 
 3 

reduction to net revenue of 11.6 million and an allowance for credit losses balance of 4.5 million for such unsubmitted and unpaid claims. Further, we simultaneously recorded a decrease in our insurance-related sales return reserve of 11.3 million, with a corresponding increase of 11.3 million to net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to unsubmitted and unpaid claims. These changes resulted in a decrease in net revenue of 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Insurance-related business following DOJ settlement 
 Between December 8, 2021 and September 15, 2022, we did not accept insurance benefits as a direct method of payment to the Company, a practice we refer to as direct plan access. In direct plan access, we submit an insurance claim on behalf of an Eargo customer to their insurance plan, or support an Eargo customer in their own claim submission, and the customer s insurance benefits are utilized for the purchase, in whole or in part. Common forms of utilization can include, but are not limited to, co-pay, payment by a third-party payor to either Eargo or the customer, reimbursement by a third-party payor to the customer, or application toward a customer s deductible. 
 Because we do not currently have contracts with any FEHB carriers, third-party payors, or other insurance providers, our products are considered out-of-network with such payors and insurance providers. We do not believe that the reimbursement amounts, patient co-payment amounts, or the claims submission process, including medical necessity and other documentation requirements, depend on whether we are in-network or out-of-network with that FEHB carrier or other FEHB plans. To illustrate, the hearing aid benefit in an FEHB plan is a set amount that covers the hearing aid itself and related fees and supplies, regardless of the plan option and regardless of whether the hearing aid is provided by a preferred, participating, or non-participating provider i.e ., regardless of whether it is in-network or out-of-network), which is not always the case for other benefit categories. However, depending on the FEHB carrier or third-party payor, payment may be made directly to the patient rather than to us if Eargo is out-of-network. 
 Beginning on September 15, 2022, we resumed our direct plan access insurance-based business, accepting insurance benefits as a method of direct payment in certain limited circumstances, when the customer has undergone additional testing by an independent, licensed healthcare provider to establish medical necessity, with supporting clinical documentation. We are evaluating additional alternatives for testing or establishing medical necessity, including, but not limited to, contracting with third parties or existing networks of licensed healthcare providers, and/or establishing a management services organization, separate from our existing corporate structure, that manages professional entities that employ licensed healthcare providers. These alternatives involve significant time and related activities, including, but not limited to, development of additional internal processes, training, and compliance and quality control programs, coordination with external healthcare providers and professional services organizations, and evaluation of and compliance with state-by-state regulatory requirements. We cannot provide any assurance as to the efficacy of the processes that we have established or the extent to which such processes will need to be changed, or additional processes established, or the associated timing or costs, whether we will be successful in implementing any of them, or the impact that such processes and changes may have on our business and operations. If we are unable to successfully implement at least one of these alternatives for testing, or to otherwise establish additional acceptable processes to support claims that we may submit for reimbursement, we expect that we may not be able to submit future claims in sufficient volume to meaningfully restore or expand the amount of our insurance-based business related to direct plan access. Further, the OTC Final Rule, described in greater detail below, which became effective on October 17, 2022, may lead payors to take additional actions, such as excluding OTC hearing aids from coverage, further limiting our ability to access insurance coverage, or there may be a delay in accessing insurance coverage as payors seek to address the OTC Final Rule in their offered benefits, if at all, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 We are also seeking to establish relationships with benefits managers or managed care providers. Employer self-funded plans or other health plans may at times offer supplemental benefits, which may include hearing aid benefits or general over-the-counter benefits; they may in those cases contract with benefits managers or managed care providers in the administration of such supplemental benefits. In this role, among other things, benefits managers are responsible for selecting benefits vendors, i.e., vendors whose products or services are eligible to be covered by the supplemental benefit. The vendors themselves, or Eargo in this role, are not responsible for claims submissions but instead fulfill the product order from the customer through the benefits manager. 
 We cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to maintain or increase our participation in arrangements with third-party payors, insurance carriers, benefits managers, or managed care providers or that we will be adequately reimbursed or otherwise paid by such parties for the products we sell, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Patient Square Capital Investment 
 On June 24, 2022, after reviewing all available alternatives to secure the funding needed to support our ongoing operations and pursuit of our business strategies, and a potential sale of the Company, we entered into an agreement (the Note Purchase Agreement with PSC Echo, LP (the PSC Stockholder ), an affiliate of Patient Square Capital Patient Square ), and Drivetrain Agency Services, LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent. Pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, we issued approximately 105.5 million in two tranches of senior secured convertible notes (the Notes and agreed to conduct a rights offering for an aggregate of 18.75 
 4 

million shares of common stock to stockholders as of a record date determined by our Board, at an offering price of 10.00 per share of common stock (the Rights Offering ). Pursuant to the Rights Offering, which closed on November 23, 2022, we sold an aggregate of approximately 2.9 million shares to our existing stockholders, from which we received net proceeds of 27.6 million, and, in accordance with the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement, the Notes converted into 15,821,299 shares of our common stock, in each case, on a post-reverse stock split basis, representing approximately 76.3 of our outstanding common stock as of the date of conversion. 
 In connection with the Note Purchase Agreement, we had also entered into an Investors Rights Agreement with the PSC Stockholder, pursuant to which, among other things, the PSC Stockholder has the right to nominate a number of directors to our Board that is proportionate to the PSC Stockholder s ownership of the Company, rounded up to the nearest whole number (and which shall in no event be less than one). As a result, following the closing of the Rights Offering and the conversion of the Notes, the PSC Stockholder has the right to nominate six directors to our Board. The PSC Stockholder exercised its right to nominate three directors to the Board, Trit Garg, M.D., Karr Narula and Justin Sabet-Peyman, in December 2022. 
 As of March 20, 2023, the PSC Stockholder held 15,821,299 shares, representing approximately 76.3 of our outstanding common stock. As a result of Patient Square s ownership position, we are considered a controlled company within the meaning of the marketplace rules (the Listing Rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq and Patient Square may be able to determine all matters requiring stockholder approval. 
 Seasonality 
 In the past we have experienced, and we may continue to experience, seasonality in our business, with higher sales volumes in quarters when we commercially launch new products and in the fourth calendar quarter as a result of holiday promotional activity. However, since our public disclosure of the DOJ investigation and our related decision to temporarily stop accepting insurance benefits as a method of direct payment between December 8, 2021 and September 15, 2022, we have experienced and may continue to experience a material decline in gross systems shipped (as further discussed in DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits ). As a result, seasonal factors did not have a material impact on our results of operations for the three months and year ended December 31, 2022. Negative publicity, including in relation to the DOJ investigation, the claims audits, and other legal proceedings has and could continue to harm our reputation and brand and diminish consumer confidence in our products, which may further impact any seasonal trends in our business. 
 Research and development 
 We are committed to ongoing research and development. Since 2017, we have launched seven generations of our hearing aids, each adding performance and technical enhancements at different price points. 
 We are focused on continuing to launch new versions of the Eargo hearing aid with increased functionality and improved sound quality, amplification, noise reduction, fit, comfort, water resistance and ease-of-use, as well as reduced cost of goods and better connectivity. Our development priorities also include expanding and refining our refurbishment capabilities. We believe that the continued introduction of new products is critical to maintaining existing customers, attracting new customers, achieving market acceptance of our products and maintaining or increasing our competitive position in the market. 
 Manufacturing 
 We rely on a limited number of manufacturers for our products: Hana Microelectronics Group Hana ), a contract manufacturer based in Thailand, as well as our primary manufacturer, Pegatron Corporation Pegatron ), headquartered in Taiwan and with manufacturing facilities throughout Asia. Pegatron manufactures the Eargo 5, Eargo 6, and Eargo 7 hearing aid systems out of its facilities in Suzhou, China. We rely on several third-party suppliers for the components used in our hearing aids, including semiconductor components, such as integrated circuits, as well as batteries, microphones and receivers. 
 We believe that these third-party facilities and suppliers will be adequate to meet our current and anticipated manufacturing needs. We do not currently plan to manufacture our hearing aids or any related components ourselves. 
 Manufacturing facilities that produce medical devices and/or their component parts intended for distribution world-wide are subject to regulation and periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA and other domestic and international regulatory agencies. In the United States, any products we sell are required to be manufactured in compliance with the FDA s Quality System Regulation, which covers the methods used in, and the facilities used for, the design, testing, control, manufacturing, labeling, quality assurance, packaging, storage and shipping of our products. 
 The distribution of our hearing aids is handled directly through a third-party logistics provider. Our finished hearing aids are shipped from our contract manufacturer to the third-party logistics provider s facility and are distributed from there to customers or retailers or other partners, as applicable. 
 5 

While we have not been directly impacted by any major disruption to our supply chain or access to necessary raw materials and component parts for the manufacture of our products to date that have impacted our ability to service customers, disruptions have occurred across a number of industries and we cannot provide any assurance that future disruptions will not emerge as a result of the ongoing supply chain issues, inflation, the COVID-19 pandemic or other external factors. To date, increases in our product component pricing have occurred but have not had a material impact on supply continuity or gross margin. We have taken steps to monitor our supply chain and actions to address limited supply and increasing lead times, including outreach to critical suppliers and spot market purchases. For more information, please see the risks described under the caption We rely on the timely supply of high-quality components, parts and finished products, and our business could suffer if suppliers or manufacturers are unable to procure raw materials or other components of an acceptable quality (or at all) or otherwise fail to meet their delivery obligations, raise prices or cease to supply us with components, parts or products of acceptable quality in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on 10-K. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and confidentiality and invention assignment agreements to protect our intellectual property rights. As of December 31, 2022, we had 26 issued U.S. patents, 26 patents outside the United States, 9 pending U.S. patent applications and 12 pending foreign patent applications. Our patents include utility patents covering technology ranging from remote control of our hearing aids to design patents covering the housing and securing mechanisms for our hearing aids. We have foreign patents in the EU, Australia, Canada, China, Germany, France, the United Kingdom, Japan, Singapore and South Korea. We own all of our patents and do not rely on any licenses to utilize the technology covered by these patents. The earliest of our patents is expected to expire in 2025. An issued U.S. patent with claims generally directed to an open ear canal hearing aid comprised of certain electronics and securing portions and an issued U.S. patent with claims generally directed to an adjustable securing mechanism for a space access device are each expected to expire in 2030. 
 Our pending patent applications may not result in issued patents, and we cannot assure you that any current or subsequently issued patents will protect our intellectual property rights. Third parties may challenge certain patents issued to us as invalid, may independently develop similar or competing technologies or may design around any of our patents. We cannot be certain that any of the steps we have taken will prevent the misappropriation of our intellectual property, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary rights in these countries as fully as in the United States. 
 There has been substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in the medical device industry. Any litigation claims against us, independent of their validity, may result in substantial costs and the diversion of resources with no assurance of success. As of December 31, 2022, there is no active patent litigation involving us. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 35 trademark registrations and 6 pending trademark applications worldwide. 
 Competition 
 We compete in the hearing aid market against manufacturers, clinics and retailers of hearing aids, other direct-to-consumer providers of hearing aids and, to a lesser extent, providers of personal sound amplification products PSAPs ). We believe that the primary competitive factors in the market are: 
 product quality and performance, including but not limited to, the size, sound quality, comfort, whether the batteries are rechargeable, reliability and connectivity of the hearing aid; 

customer purchasing experience; 

visibility of hearing aid; 

pricing, including access to insurance benefits if coverage is available; 

product support and service; 

effective marketing and education; 

technological innovation, product enhancements and speed of innovation; and 

sales and distribution capabilities, including access to retail markets. 

After a period of industry consolidation, five manufacturers control a vast majority of the global hearing aid industry today. These manufacturers are GN Store Nord, Sonova, Starkey, William Demant and WS Audiology, all of which have established products and substantially greater financial, sales and marketing, manufacturing and development resources than we possess. In addition to these manufacturers, we also compete against hearing clinics and retailers, such as Costco. Costco sells behind-the-ear, in-the-ear and in-the-canal hearing aids from traditional manufacturers, as well as its Kirkland Signature label behind-the-ear hearing aids, each at 
 6 

various price points. We also compete against other direct-to-consumer hearing aid providers such as Audicus and Lively (which was acquired by GN Store Nord and rebranded as Jabra Enhance), which, similar to our business model, allow consumers to purchase hearing aids without visiting a clinic and provide remote support for their products. 
 Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or customer requirements, including with respect to changes to the industry landscape potentially arising as a result of the FDA s adoption and implementation of the OTC Final Rule (see Government Regulation Regulation by the FDA for more information). 
 Prior to the effective date of the OTC Final Rule, no OTC category of hearing aids existed. The creation of the new category of OTC hearing aids by the FDA could materially alter the competitive environment for hearing loss treatment. The FDA and the Biden administration have stated that the intention of the OTC Final Rule is to reduce barriers to access, foster innovation in hearing aid technology, and promote the wide availability of low-cost hearing aids. We expect the removal of regulatory barriers to entry will facilitate the introduction of new and varied product designs by incumbent and new competitors. For instance, a number of competitors have begun marketing OTC hearing aids since the adoption of the OTC Final Rule, including existing competitors in the hearing aid industry, such as WS Audiology (in partnership with Sony Electronics) and GN Store Nord (through its Jabra brand), as well as new entrants into the hearing aid industry such Nuheara (through a licensing partnership with HP, Inc.). 
 In connection with the OTC Final Rule, we have expended, and will continue to expend, significant time and resources evaluating the OTC Final Rule and ensuring that our devices and processes comply with the new requirements in order to market our products in line with our primary direct-to-consumer business and omni-channel models. It is possible that the OTC Final Rule may lead to additional commercial partnership, omni-channel, including retail, or other opportunities, although there are no assurances that it will do so. 
 Considering the resources and advantages that our competitors maintain, even if our technology and consumer-first business model and distribution strategy are more effective than the technology and distribution strategy of our competitors, current or potential customers might accept competitor products in lieu of purchasing our products. We anticipate that we will face increased competition in the future, and may also experience intensifying pricing pressures, as existing companies and competitors develop new or improved products and distribution strategies and as new companies enter the market with new technologies and distribution strategies (possibly with increased frequency due to the implementation of the OTC Final Rule, discussed above). We may not be able to compete effectively against these organizations. Our ability to compete successfully and to increase our market share is dependent upon our approach to addressing unmet needs in the hearing aid industry. Increased competition in the future could adversely affect our revenue, revenue growth rate, if any, margins and market share. 
 Government regulation 
 We operate in a complex regulatory environment with an extensive and evolving set of federal, state and local governmental laws, regulations, and other requirements. These laws, regulations and other requirements are promulgated and overseen by a number of different legislative, regulatory, administrative and quasi-regulatory bodies, each of which may have varying interpretations, judgments or related guidance. For example, our products and operations are subject to extensive and rigorous regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), which regulates, among other things, the research, development, testing, design, manufacturing, approval, labeling, storage, recordkeeping, advertising, promotion, marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, and import and export of medical devices in the United States to assure the safety and effectiveness of medical products for their intended use. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission (the FTC also regulates the advertising of our products in the United States. Further, we are subject to laws directed at preventing fraud and abuse, which subject our sales and marketing, training, and other practices to government scrutiny. 
 As such, we utilize considerable resources on an ongoing basis to monitor, assess and respond to applicable legislative, regulatory, and administrative requirements, but there is no guarantee that we will be successful in our efforts to adhere to all of these requirements. Additional discussion on certain of these laws, regulations and other requirements is set forth below in this section. 
 If any of our personnel, representatives or operations are alleged to have violated these or other laws, regulations or requirements, we could suffer severe consequences, including material harm to our reputation, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, among other things. 
 We expect that our industry will continue to be subject to extensive and complex regulation, the scope and effect of which are difficult to predict. For additional detail on risks related to each of the foregoing, see the Risk Factors titled, Changes in the regulatory landscape for hearing aid devices could materially impact our direct-to-consumer and omni-channel business models and lead to increased regulatory requirements, and we may be required to seek additional clearance or approval for our products, Our hearing aids are subject to extensive government regulation at the federal and state level, and our failure to comply with applicable requirements could harm our business, and If we fail to comply with U.S. or foreign federal and state healthcare regulatory laws, we could be subject to penalties, including, but not limited to, administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, 
 7 

exclusion from participation in governmental healthcare programs and the curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely impact our reputation and business operations. 
 Regulation by the FDA 
 The FDA classifies hearing aids, including in-the-canal hearing aids such as our products, as medical devices. In the United States, the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FDCA ), as well as FDA regulations and other federal and state statutes and regulations, govern, among other things, medical device design and development, preclinical and clinical testing, device safety, premarket clearance and approval, establishment registration and device listing, manufacturing, labeling, storage, record-keeping, advertising and promotion, sales and distribution, export and import, recalls and field safety corrective actions, and post-market surveillance, including complaint handling and medical device reporting of adverse events. Failure to comply with applicable requirements may subject a company to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as warning or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties and criminal prosecution. The FDA can also refuse to approve or clear pending product applications. 
 The FDA classifies medical devices into three classes (Class I, II or III) based on the degree of risk associated with a device and the level of regulatory control deemed necessary to ensure its safety and effectiveness. Class I devices are those for which safety and effectiveness can be assured by adherence to the FDA s general controls for medical devices, which include compliance with the FDA s current good manufacturing practices cGMPs for devices, as reflected in the Quality System Regulation QSR ), establishment registration and device listing, reporting of adverse events, and truthful, non-misleading labeling, advertising and promotional materials. Some Class I devices also require premarket clearance by the FDA through the premarket notification process set forth in Section 510(k) of the FDCA. Class II devices are subject to the FDA s general controls and any other special controls deemed necessary by the FDA to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device, such as performance standards, product-specific guidance documents, special labeling requirements, patient registries and/or post-market surveillance. Most Class II devices must also comply with the FDA s Section 510(k) premarket notification requirements. Class III devices are those that support or sustain human life, are of substantial importance in preventing impairment of human health, or which present a potential, unreasonable risk of illness or injury. Due to the level of risk associated with Class III devices, general and special controls alone are insufficient to assure their safety and effectiveness. Devices placed in Class III generally require the submission of a premarket approval PMA application demonstrating the safety and effectiveness of the device, which must be approved by the FDA prior to marketing, or the receipt of a de novo classification, which provides for the reclassification of the device into Class I or II. The PMA approval process is more stringent, time-consuming and expensive than the 510(k) clearance process; however, the 510(k) clearance process has also become increasingly stringent and expensive. 
 On August 17, 2022, the FDA published a final rule to establish new regulatory categories for OTC and prescription hearing aids (the OTC Final Rule ). The OTC Final Rule implements relevant provisions of the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017 FDARA ), which set forth requirements for the FDA to create a new category of OTC hearing aids that are intended to be available without supervision, prescription, or other order, involvement or intervention of a licensed practitioner. Prior to the effective date of the OTC Final Rule, no OTC category of hearing aids existed. Following publication of a proposed rule in October 2021, the FDA issued its OTC Final Rule with requirements for labelling, conditions of sale, performance standards, design requirements and other provisions under which manufacturers may elect to market hearing aids as either OTC or prescription devices, or both. In addition, under FDARA, the OTC hearing aid controls promulgated in the OTC Final Rule preempt any state or local requirement specifically related to hearing products that would restrict or interfere with commercial activity involving OTC hearing aids. The OTC Final Rule became effective on October 17, 2022, although certain previously marketed devices have until April 14, 2023 to come into compliance with the OTC Final Rule. 
 We have marketed in the past, and continue to market, certain Eargo system devices as Class I air-conduction or Class II wireless air-conduction hearing aids under existing regulations at 21 CFR 874.330 and 874.3305, respectively, both of which are exempt from 510(k) premarket review. In June 2022, we submitted a 510(k) premarket notification seeking FDA clearance of expanded labelling for our Eargo 5 and Eargo 6 hearing aids under the self-fitting regulation at 21 CFR 874.3323. In December 2022, we received FDA 510(k) clearance for Eargo 5 and Eargo 6 as Class II self-fitting air-conduction hearing aids. Additionally, in January 2023, we launched the Eargo 7 as our third over-the-counter, 510(k) cleared self-fitting device. We plan to market our devices as OTC hearing aids and intend to comply with all applicable OTC regulatory requirements as of the compliance date for currently marketed devices on April 14, 2023, or sooner. We may also seek to market certain devices as prescription hearing aids, which would require compliance with separate physical and electronic labeling requirements under the OTC Final Rule. 
 8 

In connection with the OTC Final Rule, we have expended, and will continue to expend, significant time and resources evaluating the OTC Final Rule and ensuring that our devices and processes are in compliance with the new requirements in order to market our products in line with our primary direct-to-consumer business and omni-channel models. It is possible that the OTC Final Rule may lead to additional commercial partnership, omni-channel, including retail, or other opportunities, although there are no assurances that it will do so. The OTC Final Rule and the responses thereto by leading insurance providers could also materially impact our efforts to resume submitting claims for customers with potential insurance benefits or have other unforeseen impacts on our business and results of operations. 
 Please see the Risk Factor titled, Changes in the regulatory landscape for hearing aid devices could materially impact our direct-to-consumer business model and lead to increased regulatory requirements, and we may be required to seek additional clearance or approval for our products for more information. 
 510(k) clearance 
 If not exempted from the FDA s 510(k) notification requirement, to obtain 510(k) clearance for a medical device, an applicant must submit a premarket notification to the FDA demonstrating that the device is substantially equivalent to a legally marketed device, commonly known as the predicate device. A legally marketed predicate device may include a device that was legally marketed in the United States prior to May 28, 1976 for which a PMA is not required (commonly known as a pre-amendments device based on the date the Medical Device Amendments of 1976 were enacted), a device which the FDA has reclassified from Class III to Class II or I, or a device which has been found substantially equivalent to such a device through the 510(k) process. A device is considered to be substantially equivalent if, with respect to the predicate device, it has the same intended use and has either (i) the same technological characteristics, or (ii) different technological characteristics, but the information provided in the 510(k) submission demonstrates that the device does not raise new questions of safety and effectiveness and is at least as safe and effective as the predicate device. A showing of substantial equivalence may sometimes, but not always, require clinical data. Before the FDA will accept a 510(k) submission for substantive review, the FDA will first assess whether the submission satisfies a minimum threshold of acceptability. If the FDA determines that the 510(k) submission is incomplete, the FDA will issue a Refuse to Accept letter which generally outlines the information the FDA believes is necessary to permit a substantive review and to reach a determination regarding substantial equivalence. An applicant must submit the requested information before the FDA will proceed with additional review of the submission. Once a 510(k) submission is accepted for review, the FDA has 90 days to review and issue a determination. As a practical matter, clearance often takes longer. The FDA may request additional information, including clinical data, to make a determination regarding substantial equivalence, which may significantly prolong the review process. The review period is suspended during the time the additional information request is pending. Unless a specific exemption applies, 510(k) premarket notification submissions are subject to user fees. 
 Medical devices can be marketed only for the indications for which they are cleared or approved. After a device has received 510(k) clearance for a specific intended use, any change or modification that significantly affects its safety or effectiveness, such as a significant change in the design, materials or method of manufacture, or that would constitute a new or major change in intended use, may require a new 510(k) clearance or PMA approval and payment of an additional FDA user fee. The determination as to whether or not a modification constitutes such a change is initially left to the manufacturer using available FDA guidance; however, the FDA may review this determination to evaluate the regulatory status of the modified product at any time and may require the manufacturer to cease marketing and recall the modified device until new 510(k) clearance or PMA approval is obtained. The manufacturer may also be subject to significant regulatory fines or penalties. 
 Clinical trials 
 Clinical trials are sometimes required for 510(k) clearance. Such trials generally require submission of an investigational device exemption IDE application to the FDA for a specified number of patients and study sites, unless the product is deemed to be a non-significant risk device which may be subject to more abbreviated IDE requirements. The appropriate institutional review boards IRBs at the clinical sites must also approve the study before clinical trials may begin. Clinical trials are subject to extensive monitoring, record keeping and reporting requirements. Clinical trials must be conducted under the oversight of IRBs for the relevant clinical trial sites and must comply with FDA regulations, including but not limited to those relating to good clinical practices GCPs ), which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for participation in each clinical study. The clinical trial sponsor, the FDA or the IRB could suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time for various reasons, including a belief that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Even if a trial is completed, the results of clinical testing may not adequately demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of the device or may otherwise not be sufficient to obtain FDA clearance to market the product. 
 9 

Labeling and sale 
 All hearing aids commercially distributed in the United States must comply with specific FDA labeling requirements. These requirements address the labeling of the device itself and any accompanying software, as well as the User Instructional Brochure that must be provided to all potential hearing aid recipients. 
 Prior to the OTC Final Rule, FDA regulations required that the marketing of hearing aids comply with certain conditions for sale, including, among other things, the requirement that prospective hearing aid users must undergo a medical evaluation (or provide a signed waiver) before a hearing aid may be dispensed, along with certain recordkeeping requirements. In 2016, the FDA issued a guidance document stating that it did not intend to enforce the medical evaluation, waiver, or recordkeeping requirements prior to the dispensing of Class I air-conduction and Class II wireless air-conduction hearing aids to individuals 18 years of age and older. We previously marketed our devices pursuant to this exercise of enforcement discretion until the requirement was eliminated with the OTC Final Rule. Under the OTC Final Rule, we must comply with new requirements for labelling, conditions of sale, performance standards, design requirements and other provisions applicable to our hearing aids as either OTC or prescription devices, or both. 
 Quality System Regulation 
 The hearing aids that we commercially distribute in the United States are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA and certain state agencies. This includes product listing and establishment registration requirements, which facilitate FDA inspections and other regulatory actions. We are required to adhere to applicable cGMP requirements, as set forth in the QSR, which require manufacturers, including third-party manufacturers, to follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance procedures during all phases of the design and manufacturing process. We are also required to verify that our suppliers maintain facilities, procedures and operations that comply with applicable quality and regulatory requirements. The FDA enforces the QSR through periodic announced or unannounced inspections of medical device manufacturing facilities, which may include the facilities of contractors. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from the QSR and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon us and our third-party manufacturers. Noncompliance with these regulations can result in, among other things, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, recalls or seizures of products, total or partial suspension of production, FDA refusal to grant 510(k) clearance or PMA approval to new devices, withdrawal of existing clearances or approvals, and criminal prosecution. 
 Post-market surveillance 
 We must also comply with post-market surveillance regulations, including medical device reporting MDR requirements which require that we review and report to the FDA any incident in which our products may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury, and any incident in which our product has malfunctioned if that malfunction would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur. We must also comply with medical device correction and removal reporting regulations, which require manufacturers to report to the FDA corrections and removals if undertaken to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the FDCA that may present a risk to health. Although we may undertake recall actions voluntarily, we must submit detailed information on any recall action to the FDA, and the FDA can order a medical device recall in certain circumstances. 
 In addition to post-market quality and safety actions, labeling and promotional activities are subject to scrutiny by the FDA and, in certain circumstances, by the FTC. Medical devices approved or cleared by the FDA may not be promoted for unapproved or uncleared uses, otherwise known as off-label promotion. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability, including substantial monetary penalties and criminal prosecution. 
 Failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, including delays in or failures to report incidents to the FDA as required under the MDR regulations, can result in enforcement action by the FDA, which can include any of the following sanctions: 
 warning letters, untitled letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; 

customer notifications or repair, replacement, refund, recall, administrative detention or seizure of our products; 

operating restrictions or partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 

FDA refusals or delays on requests for 510(k) clearance or PMA approval of new or modified products; 

withdrawal of 510(k) clearances or PMA approvals that have already been granted; 

refusal to grant export approval for products; or 

civil penalties or criminal prosecution. 

10 

Other healthcare laws and regulations 
 The healthcare industry is also subject to federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including anti-kickback, self-referral, false claims and physician payment transparency laws, as well as patient data privacy and security and consumer protection and unfair competition laws and regulations. Our operations are also subject to certain state and local hearing care laws, including those applicable to the licensure and registration of audiologists and other individuals that dispense hearing aids, sales and marketing practices, interactions with consumers, consumer incentive and other promotional programs, and state corporate practice and fee-splitting prohibitions. 
 Fraud and abuse laws 
 In addition to the FDA, other broadly applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations apply to our operations and business practices. These laws may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we conduct our operations, including our direct-to-consumer activities and sales and marketing practices as well as other business practices. Additionally, we are subject to numerous federal healthcare anti-fraud laws, including the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the Physician Self-Referral Law and the False Claims Act, that are intended to reduce fraud, waste and abuse in the healthcare industry, and analogous state laws that may apply to healthcare items and services paid by all payors, including self-pay patients and private insurers. These laws are broad and subject to evolving interpretations. They prohibit many arrangements and practices that are lawful in industries other than healthcare, including pricing, sales and marketing activities, sales commissions, customer incentive and other promotional programs, and the provision of gifts and business courtesies. We must operate our business within the requirements of these laws. Violations of any of these health regulatory laws may result in potentially significant penalties, including criminal and civil and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens, diminished profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. 
 In addition, the U.S. Physician Payments Sunshine Act (as amended by the Substance Use-Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment for Patients and Communities Act) requires manufacturers to report to the Department of Health and Human Services HHS detailed information about financial arrangements with physicians (as defined by statute), certain non-physician practitioners, including physician assistants and nurse practitioners, and teaching hospitals. These reporting provisions preempt state laws that require reporting of the same information, but not those that require reports of different or additional information. Failure to comply subjects manufacturers to significant civil monetary penalties. 
 State licensing, corporate practice and fee-splitting prohibitions 
 Regulation of the hearing aid industry exists in every state. These laws and regulations are primarily concerned with the licensure and registration of audiologists and other individuals and companies that dispense hearing aids, including procedures involving the fitting and dispensing of hearing aids. In addition, most states require warranty and return policies for consumers allowing for the return of product, and restrict hearing aid advertising and marketing practices. These state laws are subject to change, and states may impose more stringent requirements for dispensers of hearing aids, complicating our compliance efforts. In August 2022, the FDA adopted the OTC Final Rule, providing that, among other things, any state or local requirement specifically related to hearing products that would restrict or interfere with commercial activity involving OTC hearing aids would be preempted. A determination that we are in violation of applicable laws and regulations in any jurisdiction in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on us, particularly if we are unable to restructure our operations and arrangements to comply with the requirements of that jurisdiction, if we are required to restructure our operations and arrangements at a significant cost, or if we are subject to penalties or other adverse action. Additionally, applicable federal laws and regulations continue to evolve. 
 Our arrangements with hearing professionals may implicate certain state laws, commonly referred to as the corporate practice of learned professions, including audiology, and fee-splitting laws, which are intended to prevent unlicensed persons from interfering with or influencing the audiologist s or other hearing care specialist s professional judgment. These laws vary from state to state, including those where we do business, and are subject to broad interpretation and enforcement by state regulators. In the event that regulatory authorities or other third parties were to challenge these arrangements, we could be subject to adverse judicial or administrative interpretations, to civil or criminal penalties, our contracts could be found legally invalid and unenforceable or we could be required to restructure our arrangements with our audiologists and other licensed professionals. Audiologists and certain other hearing care specialists are required to maintain valid state licenses to practice and must comply with numerous state and local licensing laws and regulations, and each state defines the scope of practice for audiologists and other hearing care specialists through legislation and their respective state regulatory agencies and boards. Activities that qualify as professional misconduct under state law may subject our personnel to sanctions or may even result in loss of their licensure and could, possibly, subject us to sanctions as well. 
 Privacy and security 
 Numerous state, federal and foreign laws, regulations and standards govern the collection, use, access to, confidentiality and security of health-related and other personal information and could apply now or in the future to our operations or the operations of our partners. In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including data breach notification laws, health 
 11 

information privacy and security laws and consumer protection laws and regulations govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of health-related and other personal information. In addition, certain foreign laws govern the privacy and security of personal data, including health-related data. Privacy and security laws, regulations, and other obligations are constantly evolving, may conflict with each other to complicate compliance efforts, and can result in investigations, proceedings, or actions that lead to significant civil and/or criminal penalties and restrictions on data processing. 
 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
 The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA ), prohibits U.S. businesses and their representatives from offering to pay, paying, promising to pay or authorizing the payment of money or anything of value to a foreign official in order to influence any act or decision of the foreign official in his or her official capacity or to secure any other improper advantage in order to obtain or retain business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the United States, like us, to comply with accounting provisions that require us to maintain books and records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, if any, and to devise and maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements. The scope of the FCPA includes interactions with certain healthcare professionals in many countries. 
 International laws 
 Globally, other countries have enacted anti-bribery laws and/or regulations similar to the FCPA. Violations of any of these anti-bribery laws, or allegations of such violations, could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and reputation. 
 Additionally, as described above, there are also international privacy laws that impose restrictions on the access, use, and disclosure of health information and, as in the United States, there are significant and complex laws and regulations pertaining to our products and business model. To the extent we expand internationally, we will need to expend time and resources evaluating and complying with any such laws and regulations. For more information, see the Risk Factors titled, Any future international expansion will subject us to additional costs and risks that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and We operate in a regulated industry and changes in the regulations or the implementation of existing regulations could affect our operations and prospects for future growth. 
 Environmental matters 
 Our operations, properties and products are subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign environmental laws and regulations governing, among other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges, management and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous materials and waste and remediation of releases of hazardous materials. We believe that we are in material compliance with environmental laws and regulations applicable to us. However, our failure to comply with present and future requirements under these laws and regulations, or environmental contamination or releases of hazardous materials on our leased premises, as well as through disposal of our products, could cause us to incur substantial costs, including clean-up costs, personal injury and property damage claims, fines and penalties, costs to redesign our products or upgrade our facilities and legal costs, or require us to curtail our operations, any of which could seriously harm our business. 
 Human capital management 
 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 243 full-time employees worldwide, of which approximately 236 were employed in the United States. None of our employees is represented by a labor union or collective bargaining agreement, and we consider our employee relations to be good. 
 Talent attraction, development and retention 
 Our success depends in part on our continued ability to recruit, retain, develop and motivate a diverse population of talented employees at all levels of our organization. To succeed in a competitive industry, our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and additional employees. 
 In addition to acquiring new talent, we focus on growing and developing our existing talent. We conduct regular individual performance reviews in which managers provide regular feedback and coaching to assist with employee development. We make investments to enhance employees skill levels and provide professional opportunities for career development and advancement. Our learning and development experiences focus on onboarding new hires as well as offering workshops focused on skills development, including leadership development programs and people manager coaching, and compliance training. 
 12 

Our leadership team focuses on identifying the next generation of leaders to ensure that the organization is prepared to fill critical roles with employees who are prepared to support the strategy of the business and respond to the needs of key stakeholders. Furthermore, although we had reductions-in-force in the fourth quarter of 2021 and the second quarter of 2022, we offered affected employees severance packages. 
 Diversity and inclusion 
 We view diversity as integral to our future success. Diversity in our workforce fosters innovation, while inclusion helps ensure that we have the right culture, processes, policies, and practices to make employees feel valued and included. Developing teams where team members feel heard, respected, and included is one of our core values. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 46 of our total US workforce was female and approximately 34 of our employees in domestic managerial roles were female. Minorities (non-White) constituted approximately 37 of our total US workforce and approximately 31 of our employees in domestic managerial roles were minorities as of the same date. 
 Compensation and benefits 
 We focus on paying employees fairly and competitively. As a medical device company in the healthcare industry, we recognize the importance of compensation and benefits that are designed to support the financial, mental, and physical well-being of our team members and their families. Our compensation packages typically include incentive plans comprised of discretionary stock-based compensation awards and cash-based performance bonus awards, health benefits, including options for medical plans, pharmacy, dental and vision coverage, a 401(k) plan, life and disability insurance, discretionary paid time off, family leave, a technology stipend for remote work, commuter benefit program, and a program for partial education reimbursement. Eligibility for, and the level of, benefits vary depending on team members full-time or part-time status, work location, compensation level, and tenure. 
 Health, safety and wellness 
 The physical health, financial wellbeing, life balance, and mental health of our employees are vital to our success. We remain focused on promoting the total wellness of our employees, including resources, programs and services to support their physical, mental and financial wellness. Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, we have promoted the health, safety, and wellbeing of our employees and their families. We have established safety policies and protocols based on guidance from healthcare experts and public health leaders, and we regularly review and update them to reflect the best, most current information available. 
 Available information 
 Our Internet address is www.eargo.com. We routinely post important information for investors on our website in the Investor Relations section, which may be accessed from our homepage at www.eargo.com or directly at https://ir.eargo.com/. We use this website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor the Investor Relations section of our website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, presentations and webcasts. Our goal is to maintain the Investor Relations website as a portal through which investors can easily find or navigate to pertinent information about us, free of charge, including: 
 our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), as well as our proxy statement, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file that material with or furnish it to the SEC; 

announcements of investor conferences and events at which our executives talk about our products and competitive strategies, as well as archives of these events; 

press releases on quarterly earnings, product announcements, legal developments and other material news that we may post from time to time; 

corporate governance information, including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, information concerning our Board of Directors and its committees, including the charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee; 

stockholder services information, including ways to contact our transfer agent; and 

opportunities to sign up for e-mail alerts. 

The content on our website is not incorporated by reference into, or a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report or document we file with or furnish to the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 13 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Risk factor summary 
 Below is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face, can be found below under the heading Risk Factors and should be carefully considered, together with other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC, before making investment decisions regarding our common stock. 
 We face considerable uncertainty in our business prospects, as a significant portion of our revenue has historically been dependent upon reimbursement from third-party payors participating in the FEHB program, but we have operated on a primarily cash-pay basis since December 8, 2021. We may be unsuccessful in validating and establishing processes to support the submission of claims for reimbursement from third-party payors, including those participating in the FEHB program. As a result, we have faced a significant reduction in revenue and any failure to establish additional processes to support reimbursement from third-party payors may significantly and adversely impact our business and growth prospects and our ability to sell our products. Additionally, potential opportunities for growth in our business outside of the FEHB program, such as the implementation of the FDA s new OTC hearing aid regulatory framework and any potential insurance coverage for certain hearing aids, may not materialize and, as such, our business and growth prospects and our ability to sell our products may be materially and adversely impacted. 

Our negative cash flows and current lack of financial resources raise substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our future capital requirements may be substantial, and if we are unable to raise additional funding to meet our operational needs, we will be forced to limit or cease our operations and/or liquidate our assets. 

We are subject to risks from legal proceedings, investigations and inquiries, including a number of recent legal proceedings and investigations, which have had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations, and could result in additional claims and material liabilities. 

We have a limited operating history and have grown significantly in a short period of time. If we are unable to manage our business and anticipated growth effectively, our business and growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

If we fail to attract and retain senior management and key technology personnel, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 

We have a history of net losses, and we expect to incur additional substantial losses in the foreseeable future. 

Changes in the regulatory landscape for hearing aid devices could materially impact our direct-to-consumer and omni-channel business models and lead to increased regulatory requirements, and we may be required to seek additional clearance or approval for our products. 

If we cannot innovate at the pace of our hearing aid manufacturing competitors, we may not be able to develop or exploit new technologies in time to remain competitive. 

As we expand our product offerings to physical retail outlets and begin to rely on third parties outside of our control, any failure of such third parties to comply with applicable laws and regulations could negatively impact our brand image and business and lead to negative publicity and potential liability. 

We are deploying a new business model in an effort to disrupt a relatively mature industry. In order to successfully challenge incumbent business models and become profitable, we will need to continue to refine our product and strategy. 

We operate in a highly competitive industry, and competitive pressures could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We rely on the timely supply of high-quality components, parts and finished products, and our business could suffer if suppliers or manufacturers are unable to procure raw materials or other components of an acceptable quality (or at all) or otherwise fail to meet their delivery obligations, raise prices or cease to supply us with components, parts or products of acceptable quality. 

We rely on a limited number of manufacturers for the assembly of our hearing aids. If we encounter manufacturing problems or delays, we may be unable to promptly transition to alternative manufacturers and our ability to generate revenue will be limited. 

14 

If the quality of our hearing aid products does not meet consumer expectations, or if our products wear out more quickly than expected, then our brand and reputation or our business could be adversely affected. 

There are a variety of hearing aid products and technologies, and consumer confusion about product features and technology could lead consumers to purchase competitive products instead of our products, or to conflate any adverse events or safety issues associated with third-party hearing aid products or other sound enhancement products with our products, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we are unable to reduce our return rates or if our return rates continue to increase, our net revenue may decrease, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our success depends in part on our proprietary technology, and if we are unable to obtain, maintain or successfully enforce our intellectual property rights, the commercial value of our products and services will be adversely affected and our competitive position may be harmed. 

Risk Factors 
 Our operating and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements and related notes, before investing in our common stock. While we believe that the risks and uncertainties described below are the material risks currently facing us, additional risks that we do not yet know of or that we currently think are immaterial may also arise and materially affect our business. 
 Risks relating to our industry and business 
 We face considerable uncertainty in our business prospects, as a significant portion of our revenue has historically been dependent upon reimbursement from third-party payors participating in the FEHB program, but we have operated on a primarily cash-pay basis since December 8, 2021. We may be unsuccessful in validating and establishing processes to support the submission of claims for reimbursement from third-party payors, including those participating in the FEHB program. As a result, we have faced a significant reduction in revenue and any failure to establish additional processes to support reimbursement from third-party payors may significantly and adversely impact our business and growth prospects and our ability to sell our products. Additionally, potential opportunities for growth in our business outside of the FEHB program, such as the implementation of the FDA s new OTC hearing aid regulatory framework and any potential insurance coverage for certain hearing aids, may not materialize and, as such, our business and growth prospects and our ability to sell our products may be materially and adversely impacted. 
 A significant portion of our revenue has historically been dependent on payments from third-party payors; for example, in the quarter ended September 30, 2021, 6,243 out of the 13,117 total gross systems shipped were for customers with potential insurance benefits. However, since December 8, 2021, we have operated on a primarily cash-pay basis. 
 Third-party payors periodically conduct pre- and post-payment reviews, including audits of previously submitted claims, and we are currently experiencing and may experience such reviews and audits of claims in the future. Historically, we submitted claims to a concentrated number of third-party payors under certain benefit plans, and substantially all such claims related to the FEHB program. We temporarily suspended all claims submission activities on September 22, 2021 when we learned of the investigation by the DOJ related to our role in customer reimbursement claim submissions to various federal employee health plans under the FEHB program. 
 On April 29, 2022, we entered into a civil settlement agreement with the U.S. government that resolved the DOJ investigation. Pursuant to the settlement agreement, we paid approximately 34.4 million to the U.S. government. We cooperated fully with the DOJ investigation. We deny the allegations in the settlement agreement, and the settlement is not an admission of liability by us. Additionally, following the settlement with the U.S. government, we remain subject to prepayment review of claims by the third-party payor with whom historically we had the largest volume. An additional payor audit related to claims submitted for customers with FEHB plans also remains in process. While we intend to continue to work with applicable third-party payors with the objective of validating and establishing additional processes to support any future claims that we may submit for reimbursement and, as of September 15, 2022, we have begun to accept insurance benefits as a method of direct payment again under certain limited circumstances, we may not be able to arrive at additional acceptable processes or submit future claims, including under the FEHB program, in sufficient volume to meaningfully restore or expand our insurance-based business. For example, we do not currently conduct in-person hearing tests, and it is possible that in-person testing would be required to support any claims submissions, representing a significant change from our past processes and direct-to-customer business model that may adversely impact the attractiveness of our offerings to customers. 
 Between December 8, 2021 and September 15, 2022, we did not accept insurance benefits as a direct method of payment to us, a practice we refer to as direct plan access. In direct plan access, we submit an insurance claim on behalf of an Eargo customer to their insurance plan, or support an Eargo customer in their own claim submission, and the customer s insurance benefits are utilized for the 
 15 

purchase, in whole or in part. Common forms of utilization can include, but are not limited to, co-pay, payment by a third-party payor to either Eargo or the customer, reimbursement by a third-party payor to the customer, or application toward a customer s deductible. 
 Because we do not currently have contracts with any FEHB carriers or other third-party payors, our products are considered out-of-network for such payors. We do not believe that the reimbursement amounts, patient co-payment amounts, or the claims submission process, including medical necessity requirements and documentation requirements, depend on whether we are in-network or out-of-network for that FEHB carrier or other FEHB plans. To illustrate, the hearing aid benefit in this FEHB plan is a set amount that covers the hearing aid itself and related fees and supplies, regardless of the plan option and regardless of whether the hearing aid is provided by a preferred, participating, or non-participating provider i.e ., regardless of whether it is in-network or out-of-network), which is not always the case for other benefit categories. However, depending on the FEHB carrier or third-party payor, payment may be made directly to the patient rather than to us if Eargo is out-of-network. 
 Beginning on September 15, 2022, we resumed our direct plan access insurance-based business, accepting insurance benefits as a method of direct payment in certain limited circumstances, when the customer has undergone additional testing by an independent, licensed healthcare provider to establish medical necessity, with supporting clinical documentation. However, a majority of the claims we have submitted since instating this process are still pending adjudication by the payors, and although a portion of the claims we have submitted for reimbursement have been approved for payment and/or paid, others have been denied and are currently in the appeals process. We are evaluating additional alternatives for testing, including but not limited to contracting with third parties or existing networks and/or establishing a management services organization separate from our existing corporate structure that manages professional entities that employ licensed healthcare providers. These alternatives involve significant time and related activities, including, but not limited to, development of internal processes, training, and compliance and quality control programs, coordination with external healthcare providers and professional services organizations, and evaluation of and compliance with state-by-state regulatory requirements. We cannot provide any assurance as to the efficacy of the processes that we have recently established or the extent to which such processes will need to be changed, or additional processes established, or the associated timing or costs, whether we will be successful in implementing any of them, or the impact that such processes and changes may have on our business and operations. If we are unable to successfully implement at least one of these alternatives for testing, we expect that we will not be able to submit future claims in sufficient volume to meaningfully restore or expand the amount of our insurance-based business related to direct plan access going forward. 
 We intend to focus on both accessing third-party reimbursement and increasing coverage and reimbursement for our current products and any future products we may develop. However, we cannot provide any assurance as to the timing or costs associated with establishing processes to support the submission of claims, if we can do so at all, or the impact that such processes may have on our business and results of operations. Further, the OTC Final Rule may lead such payors to take additional actions further limiting our ability to access insurance coverage, or there may be a delay in accessing insurance coverage as payors seek to address the new OTC framework in their offered benefits, if at all, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Prior to the effective date of the OTC Final Rule, no OTC category of hearing aids existed, and certain carriers, including the third-party FEHB carrier with whom historically we had the largest volume, excluded from coverage so-called over-the-counter hearing aids and enhancement devices (such as personal sound amplification products, or PSAPs ). Accordingly, the new regulatory category of OTC hearing aids created with the OTC Final Rule are not covered under certain plans as currently written, until such time as such carriers update their coverage policies to reflect the newly established OTC category under the OTC Final Rule, if ever. It is our understanding that the third-party FEHB carrier that administers approximately two-thirds of all FEHB benefits nationwide currently does not intend to update its coverage requirements for hearing aids following the recent OTC Final Rule. In addition, even if health plans update their coverage policies to include the new regulatory category of OTC hearing aids, they nonetheless may require a prescription, evaluation or diagnostic test conducted by a licensed healthcare professional to establish medical necessity and/or establish lower reimbursement rates for OTC hearing aids. Although we may seek to market certain of our devices as prescription hearing aids, payors, including the third-party FEHB carrier that administers approximately two-thirds of all FEHB benefits nationwide, may still not provide coverage for such devices because they are also offered OTC. We may need to work with individual carriers (including FEHB plans) to determine coverage for our hearing aids, including on a claim-by-claim basis with individual payors, which may be time-consuming and unpredictable. Coverage and payment levels are determined at each third-party payor s discretion, and we have limited control over such third parties decision making with respect to coverage and payment levels or over their claims submissions processes and timelines. Coverage restrictions and reductions in reimbursement levels or payment methodologies may negatively impact our business and ability to sell products. 
 We are also seeking to establish further relationships with benefits managers or managed care providers. Employer self-funded plans or other health plans may at times offer supplemental benefits, which may include hearing aid benefits or general over-the-counter benefits; they may in those cases contract with benefits managers or managed care providers in the administration of such supplemental benefits. In this role, among other things, benefits managers are responsible for selecting benefits vendors or, in other words, vendors whose products or services are eligible to be covered by the supplemental benefit. The vendors themselves, or Eargo in this role, are not responsible for claims submissions but instead fulfill the product order from the customer through the benefits manager. 
 16 

We cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to maintain or increase our participation in arrangements with third-party payors, insurance carriers, benefits managers, or managed care providers or that we will be adequately reimbursed or otherwise paid by such parties for the products we sell, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 As a result of the change to a primarily cash-pay business model, we have faced a significant reduction in revenue and reduced growth prospects. If we are unable to establish processes to support reimbursement from third-party payors, our business and growth prospects and our ability to sell our products may be significantly and adversely impacted. Our future growth prospects may also depend on insurance coverage, if any, for certain hearing aids (which may not include Eargo hearing aids). We may never achieve sufficient additional third-party reimbursement to meaningfully restore or expand our insurance-based business. 
 We cannot predict whether, under what circumstances, or at what payment levels third-party payors will cover and reimburse our products. If we fail to establish and maintain broad adoption of our products or fail to penetrate the insurance and managed care markets for our products, our ability to generate revenue could be harmed and our prospects and our business could suffer. To the extent we sell our products internationally, market acceptance may depend, in part, upon the availability of coverage and reimbursement within prevailing healthcare payment systems. Reimbursement and healthcare payment systems in international markets vary significantly by country and include both government-sponsored healthcare and private insurance. We may not obtain international coverage and reimbursement approvals in a timely manner, if at all. Our failure to receive such approvals would negatively impact market acceptance of our products in the international markets in which those approvals are sought. Please also see the Risk Factor titled, Changes in the regulatory landscape for hearing aid devices could materially impact our direct-to-consumer business model and lead to increased regulatory requirements, and we may be required to seek additional clearance or approval for our products. 
 Our negative cash flows and current lack of financial resources raise substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our future capital requirements may be substantial, and if we are unable to raise additional funding to meet our operational needs, we will be forced to limit or cease our operations and/or liquidate our assets. 
 We believe that, without any future financing, our current resources are insufficient to satisfy our obligations as they become due within one year from the date of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our negative cash flows and current lack of financial resources raise substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. We anticipate our future capital requirements will be substantial and that we will need to raise significant additional capital to fund our operations through equity or debt financing, or some combination thereof; however, additional capital may not be available to us on acceptable terms on a timely basis, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional funding to meet our operational needs, we will be forced to limit or cease our operations and/or liquidate our assets, in which case it is likely that investors would lose part or all of their investment. 
 Our expected future capital requirements and ability to raise additional capital will depend on many factors, including but not limited to the following: 
 investor confidence in our ability to continue as a going concern; 

the timing, receipt and amount of sales from our current and future products; 

the costs involved in resolving third-party claims audits as well as other legal proceedings (including the shareholder class action and derivative action discussed in Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K), and their duration and impact on our business generally; 

the availability of insurance coverage for our hearing aid devices, and any costs associated with reimbursement and compliance, including following the implementation of the OTC Final Rule (which may lead insurance providers to take actions limiting our ability to access insurance coverage), and any resulting changes to our business model, including a potential long-term shift to a model that generally excludes insurance benefits as a method of direct payment to Eargo, which would likely result in a sustained increased cost of customer acquisition; 

the cost and timing of expanding our sales, marketing and distribution capabilities; 

any expenses, as well as the impact to our business and operating model, as a result of changes in the regulatory landscape for hearing aid devices; 

the cost of manufacturing, either ourselves or through third-party manufacturers, our products; 

the terms, timing and success of any other licensing, partnership, omni-channel, including retail, or other arrangements that we may establish; 

any product liability or other lawsuits related to our current or future products; 

the expenses needed to attract, hire and retain skilled personnel; 

the extent of our spending to support research and development activities and the expansion of our product offerings; 

17 

the costs associated with being a public company; 

the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing our intellectual property portfolio; and 

the extent to which we acquire or invest in businesses. 

As a result of the Rights Offering and conversion of the Notes, our stockholders may have experienced substantial dilution of their holdings and the PSC Stockholder has obtained a controlling interest in us. If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant further dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. 
 Debt financing, if available, is likely to involve restrictive covenants limiting our flexibility in conducting future business activities. Even if we are able to raise significant additional capital necessary to continue our operations, if we are unable to obtain additional adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, when we require it, our ability to continue to pursue our business objectives, develop our technology and products, and respond to business opportunities, challenges, unforeseen circumstances, or developments, including the implementation of the OTC Final Rule, could be significantly limited, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC as receiver. On March 12, 2023, the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve, and the FDIC jointly released a statement that depositors at SVB would have access to their funds, even those in excess of the standard FDIC insurance limits, under a systemic risk exception. As of March 10, 2023, we maintained cash in deposit accounts at SVB in excess of the standard FDIC insured amount and a substantial majority of our cash equivalents was invested, through a cash sweep arrangement with SVB, which are invested in a variety of short-term and high-credit bonds and other liquid investments. Although the FDIC ultimately announced that it would pay all deposits, including deposits that exceeded FDIC-insured amounts, we and other SVB customers initially were not able to access our accounts and faced significant uncertainty about whether and when we would be able to fully access amounts held through SVB, which would have had several follow-on consequences with respect to our ability to meet our near-term payment obligations. According to our cash sweep arrangements, we believe we should be recognized by the FDIC as the owner of such assets in the event of such financial institutions failure, such as the March 10, 2023 closure of SVB. While we have regained access to our funds at SVB, we have made and are making arrangements to open new and additional accounts with, and to transfer cash, cash equivalents and investments to such other financial institutions. We also continue to make arrangements to expand and evaluate our banking relationships in an effort to diversify as we believe necessary or appropriate. Additionally, we could experience disruption with customer receivables and vendor payments as we transition to new accounts. 
 Despite our proactive measures and the measures taken by the United States federal government, there is uncertainty in the markets regarding the stability of banks and the safety of deposits in excess of the insured deposit limits. The ultimate outcome of these events, and whether further regulatory actions will be taken, cannot be predicted. If any parties with whom we conduct business are impacted by the closure of SVB or any other financial institution, such parties ability to pay their obligations to us or to enter into new commercial arrangements requiring additional payments to us could be adversely affected. In this regard, counterparties to SVB credit agreements and arrangements, and third parties such as beneficiaries of letters of credit (among others), may experience direct impacts from the closure of SVB and uncertainty remains over liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry. 
 In addition, if any of our partners, customers, suppliers or other parties with whom we conduct business are unable to access their own funds or access liquidity pursuant to credit agreements, letters or credit or other such lending arrangements or financial instruments as a result of financial institution volatility, such parties ability to pay their obligations to us or to enter into new commercial arrangements requiring additional payments to us could be adversely affected, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial condition and results or operations. Similar impacts have occurred in the past, such as during the 2008-2010 financial crisis. 
 18 

Further, these events may make equity or debt financing more difficult to obtain, and additional equity or debt financing might not be available on reasonable terms, if at all; difficulties obtaining equity or debt financing could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, as well as our ability to continue to grow our operations. 
 We are subject to risks from legal proceedings, investigations and inquiries, including a number of recent legal proceedings and investigations, which have had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations, and could result in additional claims and material liabilities. 
 We are currently subject to a number of legal proceedings, investigations and inquiries, including: (i) purported securities class action litigation alleging that certain of our disclosures about our business, operations and prospects, including reimbursement from third-party payors, violated federal securities laws; and (ii) purported derivative action alleging the directors breached their fiduciary duties by allegedly failing to implement and maintain an effective system of internal controls related to the Company s financial reporting, public disclosures, and compliance with laws, rules and regulations governing the business. On April 29 , 2022, we entered into a civil settlement agreement with the U.S. government that resolved the DOJ investigation and pursuant to which we paid approximately 34.4 million. We remain subject to audit or prepayment review by various third-party payors. In addition, we could face additional legal proceedings, investigations, and inquiries relating to these or similar matters. For more information regarding legal proceedings, see Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 We are unable to predict how long such legal proceedings, investigations and inquiries will continue, but we have incurred and anticipate that we will continue to incur significant costs in connection with these matters and that these legal proceedings, investigations and inquiries have resulted and will continue to result in substantial distraction of management s time, regardless of the outcome. These legal proceedings, investigations and inquiries may result in damages, fines, penalties, consent orders or other sanctions (including exclusion from government programs and/or a recoupment of previous claims paid) against us and/or certain of our officers or directors, or in changes to our business practices, including the potential long-term shift to a primarily cash-pay model, with minimal volume from our customers using insurance benefits as a direct method of payment to Eargo. Furthermore, publicity surrounding these legal proceedings, investigations and inquiries or any enforcement action as a result thereof, even if ultimately resolved favorably for us, coupled with the recent intensified public scrutiny of our Company, could result in additional legal proceedings, investigations and inquiries. As a result, these legal proceedings, investigations and inquiries have had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 These legal proceedings, investigations and inquiries, and the uncertainty stemming from them, could also precipitate or heighten the other Risk Factors that we identify in this Item 1A, any of which could materially adversely impact our business. Further, these legal proceedings, investigations and inquiries may also affect our business and financial results in a manner that is not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. 
 Additionally, we may become subject to other legal disputes and regulatory proceedings in connection with our business activities involving, among other things, product liability, product defects, intellectual property infringement and/or alleged violations of applicable laws in various jurisdictions. Although we maintain liability insurance in amounts we believe to be consistent with industry practice, we may not be fully insured against all potential damages that may arise out of any claims to which we may be party in the ordinary course of our business. A negative outcome of these proceedings may prevent us from pursuing certain activities and/or require us to incur additional costs in order to do so and pay damages. 
 The outcome of pending or potential future legal and arbitration proceedings is difficult to predict with certainty. In the event of a negative outcome of any material legal or arbitration proceeding, whether based on a judgment or a settlement agreement, we could be obligated to make substantial payments, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the costs related to litigation and arbitration proceedings may be significant, and any legal or arbitration proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have a limited operating history and have grown significantly in a short period of time. If we are unable to manage our business and anticipated growth effectively, our business and growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We were organized in 2010 and began selling hearing aids in 2015. In that time, we have grown significantly, increasing the size of our organization and expanding our business. We have expanded, and any growth that we experience in the future will require us to further expand, our sales, clinical, and research and development personnel (including those with software and hardware expertise), our manufacturing operations and our general and administrative infrastructure. As a public company, we need to support increased managerial, operational, financial and other resources. Rapid expansion in personnel could mean that less experienced people develop, market and sell our products, which could result in inefficiencies and unanticipated costs, reduced quality and disruptions to our operations. In addition, rapid and significant growth may strain our administrative and operational infrastructure. 
 The challenges we face in managing our business, including our potential long-term shift to a primarily cash-pay business model, the obstacles to our being able to obtain reimbursement for our products from third-party payors, and the changing regulatory landscape, place significant demands on our management, financial, operational, technological and other resources, and we expect that managing our business will continue to place significant demands on our management and other resources and will require us to 
 19 

continue developing and improving our operational, financial and other internal controls, reporting systems and procedures. In particular, the challenges in managing our business involve a number of areas, including recruiting and retaining sufficient skilled personnel, providing adequate training and supervision to maintain our high-quality product standards and regulatory compliance and preserving our culture and values. We may not be able to address these challenges in a cost-effective manner, or at all. In addition, we completed employee workforce reductions in the fourth quarter of 2021 and second quarter of 2022, which actions may continue to impact the attraction and retention of employees, as well as employee morale and productivity. We cannot assure you that any increases in scale, related improvements and quality or compliance assurance will be successfully implemented or that appropriate personnel will be available to facilitate the management and growth of our business. Failure to implement necessary procedures, transition to new processes or hire the necessary personnel could result in higher costs or an inability to meet demand. If we do not effectively manage our business through the various challenges we face, we may not be able to execute on our business plan, respond to competitive pressures, take advantage of market opportunities, satisfy customer requirements or maintain high-quality product offerings, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we fail to attract and retain senior management and key technology personnel, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our success depends in part on our continued ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified management, administrative and clinical and scientific personnel, including those with software and hardware expertise. We are highly dependent upon our senior management, particularly our President and Chief Executive Officer, as well as our senior technology personnel and other members of our senior management team. The unplanned loss of the services of any of our members of senior management could adversely affect our business until a suitable replacement can be found. 
 Competition for qualified personnel in the medical device field in general and the audiology field specifically is intense due to the limited number of individuals who possess the training, skills and experience required by our industry. In addition, our success also depends on our ability to attract, recruit, develop and retain skilled managerial, sales, administration, operating and technical personnel. We intend to continue to review and, where necessary, strengthen our senior management as the needs of the business develop, including through internal promotion and external hires. However, there may be a limited number of persons with the requisite competencies to serve in these positions and we cannot assure you that we would be able to locate or employ such qualified personnel on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Therefore, the unplanned loss of one or more of our key personnel, or our failure to attract and retain additional key personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to attract and retain such qualified personnel has been and may continue to be negatively impacted by the DOJ investigation or shareholder litigation, our recent workforce reductions and suspension of certain of our equity compensation practices, and related negative publicity. In addition, to the extent we hire personnel from competitors, we may be subject to allegations that they have been improperly solicited or that they have divulged proprietary or other confidential information, or that their former employers own their research output. 
 We may experience difficulties in managing our business, and a deterioration in our relationships with our employees could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 We expect to rely on our managerial, operational, finance and other resources in order to manage our operations and continue our research and development activities. We may expand our international operations, which would subject us to the legal, political, regulatory and social requirements and economic conditions of these jurisdictions, and create a variety of potential operational challenges due to a variety of international factors, including local labor laws and regulations and managing a geographically dispersed workforce. Our management and personnel, systems and facilities currently in place may not be adequate to support our business. Our need to effectively execute our strategy requires that we: 
 manage our commercial operations effectively; 

identify, recruit, retain, incentivize and integrate additional employees; 

manage our internal development and operational efforts effectively while carrying out our contractual obligations to third parties; and 

continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, reports systems and procedures. 

Maintaining good relationships with our employees is crucial to our operations. As a result, any deterioration of the relationships with our employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, and foster positive employee morale, has been and may continue to be negatively impacted by the DOJ investigation and related negative publicity as well as the suspension of certain of our equity compensation practices. In addition, we completed employee workforce reductions in the fourth quarter of 2021 and second quarter of 2022, which actions may impact the attraction and retention of employees, as well as employee morale and productivity. Further, many of our key employees receive a total compensation package that includes equity awards. In addition to the aforementioned suspension of certain equity compensation 
 20 

practices, volatility in the stock market, our share price and other factors could diminish the Company s use or the value of the Company s equity awards, putting the Company at a competitive disadvantage. 
 Additionally, material disruption to our business as a result of strikes, work stoppages or other labor disputes could disrupt our operations, result in a loss of reputation, increased wages and benefits or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have a history of net losses, and we expect to incur additional substantial losses in the foreseeable future. 
 We have incurred net losses since inception, and we expect to incur additional substantial losses in the foreseeable future. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred net losses of 157.5 million and 157.8 million, respectively. As a result of our ongoing losses, as of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 514.3 million. Since inception, we have spent significant funds on organizational and start-up activities, to recruit key managers and employees, to develop our hearing aids, to develop our manufacturing know-how and customer support resources and for research and development. 
 The net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. During the year ended December 31, 2022, net losses increased in part as a result of the costs involved in resolving the DOJ investigation, including the approximately 34.4 million we paid pursuant to the settlement agreement with the U.S. government, and other corrective actions and recoupment of previous claims paid, as well as other legal proceedings, and their duration and impact on our business generally. Net losses may also fluctuate and increase as a result of the implementation of the FDA s new OTC hearing aid regulatory framework and any potential Medicare coverage for certain hearing aids, neither of which may ultimately be favorable to us. 
 Our long-term success is dependent upon our ability to successfully develop, commercialize and market our products, earn revenue, obtain additional capital when needed and, ultimately, to achieve profitable operations. The uncertainty regarding the extent to which we are able to validate and establish additional processes to support the submission of claims for reimbursement to health plans, including those under the FEHB program, the implementation of the FDA s new OTC hearing aid regulatory framework (which may lead insurance providers to take actions limiting our ability to access insurance coverage) and potential insurance (including Medicare) coverage for certain hearing aids (which may not include Eargo hearing aids) will require that we evaluate and consider any changes to our business model as new information becomes available, including a potential long-term shift to a primarily cash-pay model, with minimal volume from our customers using insurance benefits as a direct method of payment to Eargo, which would likely result in a sustained increased cost of customer acquisition and a reduction in shipments, revenue, gross margin and higher operating expenses, which could have a material negative impact on our ability to achieve profitability and our growth prospects. We will need to generate significant additional revenue and raise significant additional capital to continue our operations and potentially achieve profitability. It is possible that even if we generate significant additional revenue and raise significant additional capital, we will not achieve profitability or that, even if we do achieve profitability, we may not maintain or increase profitability in the future. Without the benefit of customers with insurance coverage and significant additional capital, the future prospects of the Company and our ability to achieve profitability are uncertain. 
 Changes in the regulatory landscape for hearing aid devices could materially impact our direct-to-consumer and omni-channel business models and lead to increased regulatory requirements, and we may be required to seek additional clearance or approval for our products. 
 On August 17, 2022, the FDA published a final rule to establish new regulatory categories for OTC and prescription hearing aids (the OTC Final Rule ). The OTC Final Rule implements relevant provisions of the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017 FDARA ), which set forth requirements for the FDA to create a new category of OTC hearing aids that are intended to be available without supervision, prescription, or other order, involvement or intervention of a licensed practitioner. Prior to the effective date of the OTC Final Rule, no OTC category of hearing aids existed. Following publication of a proposed rule in October 2021, the FDA issued its OTC Final Rule with requirements for labelling, conditions of sale, performance standards, design requirements and other provisions under which manufacturers may elect to market hearing aids as either OTC or prescription devices, or both. In addition, under FDARA, the OTC hearing aid controls promulgated in the OTC Final Rule preempt any state or local requirement specifically related to hearing products that would restrict or interfere with commercial activity involving OTC hearing aids. The OTC Final Rule became effective on October 17, 2022, although certain previously marketed devices have until April 14, 2023 to come into compliance with the OTC Final Rule. 
 We have marketed in the past, and continue to market, certain Eargo system devices as Class I air-conduction or Class II wireless air-conduction hearing aids under existing regulations at 21 CFR 874.330 and 874.3305, respectively, both of which are exempt from 510(k) premarket review. In addition, in June 2022, we submitted a 510(k) premarket notification seeking FDA clearance of expanded labelling for our Eargo 5 and 6 hearing aids under the self-fitting regulation at 21 CFR 874.3325. We received FDA 510(k) clearance for Eargo 5 and 6 as Class II self-fitting air-conduction hearing aids in December 2022 and, in January 2023, we launched the Eargo 7 as our third over-the-counter, 510(k) cleared self-fitting device. We plan to market our devices as OTC hearing aids and intend to comply with all applicable OTC regulatory requirements by the compliance date for currently marketed devices on April 14, 2023, or sooner. In addition, we may seek to market certain devices as prescription hearing aids, which would require compliance with separate physical and electronic labeling requirements under the OTC Final Rule. If the FDA were to determine that our devices do 
 21 

not satisfy the requirements of the OTC Final Rule, we could be forced to cease distribution of our products, and we could be subject to additional enforcement action by the FDA. 
 We have expended, and we will continue to expend, significant time and resources evaluating the OTC Final Rule and ensuring that our devices and processes comply with the new requirements in order to market our products in line with our primary direct-to-consumer and omni-channel business models. It is possible that the OTC Final Rule may lead to additional commercial partnership, omni-channel, including retail, or other opportunities, although there are no assurances that it will do so. The OTC Final Rule and the responses thereto by leading insurance providers could also materially impact our efforts to resume submitting claims for customers with potential insurance benefits or have other unforeseen impacts on our business and results of operations. 
 Finally, in October 2021, the Biden administration outlined its plan to expand government healthcare programs as part of its broader domestic spending bill, which includes, among other things, extending Medicare coverage to include hearing benefits. Congress has considered legislation that would provide for such coverage, for example, the Build Back Better Act (H.R. 5376), which was passed by the House on November 19, 2021. The bill, as passed by the House, would have provided Medicare coverage for certain hearing aids to individuals with specific types of hearing loss, furnished pursuant to a written order of a physician, qualified audiologist or other hearing aid professional, physician assistant, nurse practitioner or clinical nurse specialist. The Inflation Reduction Act, which was ultimately signed into law, however, did not include a hearing aid benefit. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature, or extent to which Medicare or other government healthcare programs will cover hearing aids, if at all, or specifically our hearing aids, which are intended for mild or moderate hearing loss, in the future, or the impact of any such changes on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 If we cannot innovate at the pace of our hearing aid manufacturing competitors, we may not be able to develop or exploit new technologies in time to remain competitive. 
 The hearing aid industry has in the past experienced rapid shifts to new key technologies, including for example the switch from analog to digital hearing aids in the 1990s, that disrupted existing market patterns and led to a large-scale market realignment among customers and hearing aid manufacturers. For us to remain competitive, it is essential to develop and bring to market new technologies or to find new applications for existing technologies at an increasing speed. If we are unable to meet customer demands for new technology, or if the technologies we introduce are viewed less favorably than our competitors products, our results of operations and future prospects may be negatively affected. To meet our customers needs in these areas, we must continuously design new products, update existing products and invest in and develop new technologies. We will also need to anticipate consumer demand with respect to these technologies and which technological advances are most desirable in the hearing aids we sell. This need will result in requiring our employees to continue learning and adapting to new technologies, and our competing for highly skilled talent in a competitive market. Our operating results depend to a significant extent on our ability to anticipate and adapt to technological changes in the hearing aid market, maintain innovation, maintain a strong product pipeline and reduce the costs of producing high-quality new and existing hearing aids. Any inability to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As we expand our product offerings to physical retail outlets and begin to rely on third parties outside of our control, any failure of such third parties to comply with applicable laws and regulations could negatively impact our brand image and business and lead to negative publicity and potential liability. 
 As we expand our product offerings to physical retail outlets, we must rely on third parties to comply with applicable regulatory requirements in the promotion and sale of our devices. These third-party retailers may have limited or no experience selling regulated products such as hearing aids. If our third-party retail partners fail to comply with applicable requirements, our operations could be disrupted and we may be required to contract with alternate retail partners, which could result in substantial delays and which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results of operations and growth prospects. Any violation of applicable law by any retail partner could expose us to unforeseen potential liability or attract negative publicity for us and our brand, which could materially impact our business. In addition, our retail partners have limited experience marketing and selling hearing aids in retail settings. If they are unable to successfully market and sell our hearing aids, we or they may decide to terminate our partnerships, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 We are deploying a new business model in an effort to disrupt a relatively mature industry. In order to successfully challenge incumbent business models and become profitable, we will need to continue to refine our product and strategy. 
 Our primary direct-to-consumer and omni-channel business model is relatively new to the hearing aid industry. Our products are currently primarily available direct-to-consumer and are therefore generally not sold by channels which consumers would traditionally look to for the treatment of their hearing loss. Because audiologists and hearing clinics do not offer our products, they are unlikely to recommend our products to their patients. If we are unable to reach this population through our online or direct and channel marketing, the estimated market size for our products may be lower than we anticipate. 
 Additionally, following the effective date of the OTC Final Rule on October 17, 2022, customers can now purchase or order Eargo hearing aids in certain physical retail settings. We believe that the OTC Final Rule may facilitate the opportunity to execute additional 
 22 

commercial partnerships and expand our potential customers opportunity to purchase our products at physical retail locations. Delivery of hearing aids via direct-to-consumer and retail models represents a change from the traditional channel, which requires in-person visits to one or more hearing care professionals, and consumers may be reluctant to accept these models or may not find it preferable to the traditional channel. In addition, consumers may not respond to our direct and channel marketing campaigns or efforts, or we may be unsuccessful in reaching our target audience, particularly if we expand our sales efforts in foreign jurisdictions where our advertising and distribution model may be more heavily regulated. If consumers prove unwilling to adopt our model as rapidly or in the numbers that we anticipate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed. 
 Historically, the majority of hearing aids sold to customers who used insurance benefits as a method of direct payment to Eargo corresponded to claims for reimbursement to third-party payors under the FEHB program. While we are continuing to work with applicable third-party payors with the objective of validating and establishing additional processes to support claims that we may submit for reimbursement, we may not be able to arrive at additional acceptable processes or submit future claims in sufficient volume to meaningfully restore or expand our insurance-based business. As such, our future growth prospects may be dependent upon other opportunities, such as the OTC Final Rule and any potential insurance coverage for certain hearing aids that we may be able to access. 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry, and competitive pressures could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 The worldwide market for hearing aids is competitive in terms of pricing, product quality, product innovation and time-to-market. We face strong competitors, which have greater resources and stronger financial profiles that may enable them to better exploit changes in our industry on a cost-competitive basis and to be more effective and faster in capturing available market opportunities, which in turn may negatively impact our market share. There are five major traditional manufacturer competitors in the industry GN Store Nord, Sonova, Starkey, William Demant and WS Audiology who together control a significant majority of the hearing aid market. 
 In addition to these manufacturer competitors, Costco sells multiple brands of hearing aids, including those of the traditional manufacturers and Costco s own white-label Kirkland Signature brand of hearing aid, at various price points. We estimate that during 2019, Costco dispensed approximately 14 of the hearing aids distributed in the United States, which percentage is expected to increase going forward. The United States Department of Veterans Affairs (the VA is also a significant provider of hearing aids and provides hearing aids at no charge to its patients. We estimate that, in 2022, the VA dispensed approximately 20 of the hearing aids distributed in the United States. Our products are not distributed by Costco, or on contract or currently eligible to be distributed by the VA. 
 We also face competition from other direct-to-consumer hearing aid providers. Similar to our business model, these hearing aid companies allow consumers to purchase hearing aids remotely, with no need to visit a clinic, and they also provide remote support. Given the similarities in our direct-to-consumer business model to these providers, if potential consumers opt to buy their hearing aids from these direct-to-consumer competitors, our business could be adversely affected. 
 Finally, in particular following the effective date of the OTC Final Rule, we may also face increased competition from companies that introduce new technologies, including consumer electronics companies that sell direct to consumers or other hearing aid companies that partner with other retailers or consumer electronics companies. For example, in May 2018, the FDA granted marketing clearance to Bose Corporation for a self-fitting air-conduction hearing aid, and following the effective date of the OTC Final Rule, Nuheara will be selling its OTC self-fitting air-conduction hearing aids under branding by HP, Inc., while Sony Electronics has partnered with WS Audiology. The Bose self-fitting hearing aid was cleared under the FDA s de novo premarket review pathway with the intended use to amplify sound for individuals 18 years of age or older with perceived mild to moderate hearing impairment, with no pre-programming or hearing test necessary. We view our consumer-first model as a competitive advantage, and competitors, including Bose or other consumer electronics companies, or any other companies following the effective date of the OTC Final Rule, that sell hearing aids directly to consumers or in partnership with other retailers may erode that advantage. Please see the Risk Factor titled, Changes in the regulatory landscape for hearing aid devices could materially impact our direct-to-consumer business model and lead to increased regulatory requirements, and we may be required to seek additional clearance or approval for our products. 
 We may be unable to compete with these or other competitors, and one or more of such competitors may render our technology obsolete or economically unattractive. Please see the Risk Factor titled, If we cannot innovate at the pace of our hearing aid manufacturing competitors, we may not be able to develop or exploit new technologies in time to remain competitive. To the extent we expand internationally, we will face additional competition in geographies outside the United States. If we are unable to compete effectively with existing products or respond effectively to any new products developed by competitors, our business could be materially harmed. Increased competition may result in price reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of market share. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against our current or future competitors or that competitive pressures will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 23 

We rely on the timely supply of high-quality components, parts and finished products, and our business could suffer if suppliers or manufacturers are unable to procure raw materials or other components of an acceptable quality (or at all) or otherwise fail to meet their delivery obligations, raise prices or cease to supply us with components, parts or products of acceptable quality. 
 We rely on a limited number of critical suppliers for many of the components that are used in the manufacture of our products, including for semiconductor components, such as integrated circuits, as well as batteries, microphones and receivers. We are dependent on these third-party manufacturers and suppliers to identify and purchase quality raw materials, semi-finished goods and finished goods while seeking to preserve our quality standards. This reliance and dependence on third parties adds additional risks to the manufacturing process that are beyond our control. For example, the occurrence of epidemics or pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, may cause labor shortages and/or disrupt the supply of various raw materials and components, causing price spikes and/or shortages. As a result, one or more of our suppliers or manufacturers may suspend, close or otherwise reduce the scope of their operations either temporarily or permanently. In addition, reductions in our supplier volume due to demand or product changes may lead and has led suppliers to raise volume requirements, increase their pricing, levy minimum purchase requirements, revise terms of payment, or otherwise reduce or cease the scope of their supplier relationship with us. 
 In addition, many of these suppliers also provide components and products to our competitors. The industry s reliance on a limited number of key components and product suppliers subjects us to the risk that in the event of an increase in demand or shortage of key materials or components, our suppliers may fail to provide supplies to us in a timely manner while they continue to supply our competitors, many of which have greater purchasing power than us, or seek to supply components to us at a higher cost. Lead times for materials, components and products ordered by us or by our contract manufacturers can vary significantly and depend on factors such as contract terms, demand for a component, and supplier capacity. From time to time, we may experience and have experienced component shortages and extended lead times, as well as increased component costs and increased logistics costs, including on semiconductor components and batteries, and other components used in our products. 
 For example, we have at times experienced, and expect to continue to periodically experience, price increases in certain of our critical components due to commodity price inflation. Additionally, while we have taken certain steps to alleviate cost pressures on freight shipping of our components and products, logistics costs may continue to increase and there can be no assurance that our cost-saving measures will continue to offset such logistics price increases. While we continue to monitor our supply chain and have taken and are taking actions to address limited supply and increasing lead times, including outreach to critical suppliers and spot market purchases, future disruptions in our supply chain, including the sourcing of certain components and raw materials by us or our suppliers, such as semiconductor and memory chips, as well as increased logistics and inflationary costs, could impact our sales and gross margins as well as launch and shipment of our products. The failure of our suppliers or manufacturers to deliver components or products in a timely fashion could have disruptive effects on our ability to produce our products in a timely manner, or we may be required to find new suppliers or manufacturers at an increased cost, or we may be unable to find replacement suppliers or manufacturers at all. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of components or subcontracted products, or our inability to procure these components or products from alternate sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could delay launch or shipment of our products or increase our production costs, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. The effects of climate change, including extreme weather events, long-term changes in temperature levels and water availability may exacerbate these risks. Such disruption has in the past impacted our costs and could in the future impact costs or interrupt our ability to source certain product components. A severe weather event in countries from which we source components and parts could cause disruptions in our supply chain which could, in turn, cause product shortages, delays in delivery and/or increases in our cost incurred to manufacture our products. 
 Any shortage, delay or interruption in the availability of our products, or key inputs used in their production, may negatively affect our ability to meet consumer demand. Additionally, our reputation and the quality of our products are in part dependent on the quality of the components that we source from third-party suppliers. If we are unable to control the quality of the components supplied to us or to address known quality problems in a timely manner, our reputation in the market may be damaged and sales of our products may suffer. As a result, we may experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Certain components needed to manufacture our hearing aids are only available from a limited number of suppliers. 
 Several of our suppliers provide products for our hearing aids and accessories for which they own the design and/or intellectual property rights. This includes semiconductor components, including integrated circuits, as well as transducers, batteries and various electrical components, some of which are highly customized. Although there may be several potential suppliers for our components, as our components are highly customized, there is a risk that these components may not be readily substituted by similar products of other suppliers or that any substitution may take a lengthy period of time to implement. Even if we do identify new suppliers, we may experience increased costs and product shortages as we transition to alternative suppliers. If any of these limited suppliers cease to supply us with their products, significantly increase their costs, or any of the foregoing events occurs, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely on a limited number of manufacturers for the assembly of our hearing aids. If we encounter manufacturing problems or delays, we may be unable to promptly transition to alternative manufacturers and our ability to generate revenue will be limited. 
 24 

We have no manufacturing capabilities of our own. We currently rely on a limited number of manufacturers: one located in Thailand, Hana Microelectronics, and our primary manufacturer, Pegatron Corporation, headquartered in Taiwan and with manufacturing facilities throughout Asia. Pegatron manufactures the Eargo 5, Eargo 6, and Eargo 7 hearing aid systems out of its facilities in Suzhou, China. For us to be successful, our contract manufacturers must be able to provide us with products in substantial quantities, in compliance with regulatory requirements, in accordance with agreed upon specifications, at acceptable costs and on a timely basis. While our existing manufacturers have generally met our demand and cost requirements on a timely basis in the past, their ability and willingness to continue to do so going forward may be limited for several reasons, including the volume of our orders and our relative importance as a customer of the manufacturer or its ability to provide assembly services to manufacture our products, which may be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and potential geopolitical events involving the countries in which our manufacturers are headquartered or operate. Please see the risk factor titled, We are dependent on international manufacturers and suppliers, as well as certain international contractors we engage from time to time with respect to select research and development activities, which exposes us to foreign operational and political risks that may harm our business. An interruption in our commercial operations could occur if we encounter delays or difficulties in securing these manufactured products if we cannot obtain an acceptable substitute. 
 Any transition to a new contract manufacturer, or any transition of products between existing manufacturers, could be time-consuming and expensive, may result in interruptions in our operations and product delivery, could affect the performance specifications of our products or could require that we modify the design of our products. We will be required to verify that any new manufacturer maintains facilities, procedures and operations that comply with our quality and applicable regulatory requirements, which could further impede our ability to manufacture our products in a timely manner. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify and engage alternative or additional contract manufacturers on similar terms or without delay. Furthermore, our contract manufacturers could require us to move to a different production facility. The occurrence of any of these events could harm our ability to meet the demand for our products in a timely and cost-effective manner, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The manufacture of our products is complex and requires the integration of a number of components from several sources of supply. Our contract manufacturers must manufacture and assemble these complex products in commercial quantities in compliance with regulatory requirements and at an acceptable cost. Our hearing aids require significant expertise to manufacture, and our contract manufacturers may encounter difficulties in scaling up production of the hearing aids, including problems with quality control and assurance, component supply shortages, including any semiconductor components, increased costs, shortages of qualified personnel, the long lead time required to develop additional facilities for purposes of testing our products and/or difficulties associated with compliance with local, state, federal and foreign regulatory requirements. There can be no assurance that manufacturing or quality control problems will not arise in connection with the scale-up of the manufacture of our products. If we are unable to obtain a sufficient supply of product, maintain control over product quality and cost or otherwise adapt to challenges in managing our business, we may not have the capability to satisfy market demand, and our business and reputation in the marketplace will suffer. If demand for our products decreases, as it has in the past year as a result of the DOJ investigation and claims audits (see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits ), we may have excess inventory, which could result in inventory write-offs that may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, reductions in our supplier volume due to demand or product changes may lead and has led suppliers to raise volume requirements, increase their pricing, levy minimum purchase requirements, revise terms of payment, or otherwise reduce or cease the scope of their supplier relationship with us. We may also encounter defects in materials and/or workmanship, which could lead to a failure to adhere to regulatory requirements. Any defects could delay operations at our contract manufacturers facilities, lead to regulatory fines or halt or discontinue manufacturing indefinitely. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to successfully develop and effectively manage the introduction of new products, our business may be adversely affected. 
 We must successfully manage introductions of new or advanced hearing aid products. Introductions of new or advanced hearing aid products could also adversely impact the sales of our existing products to consumers. For instance, the introduction or announcement of new or advanced hearing aid products may shorten the life cycle of our existing devices or reduce demand, thereby reducing any benefits of successful hearing aid introductions and potentially lead to challenges in managing write-downs or write-offs of inventory of existing products. We may also not have success in transitioning customers from legacy hearing aids to new products. In addition, new hearing aid products may have higher manufacturing costs than legacy products, which could negatively impact our gross margins and operating results. As the technological complexity of our products increases, the infrastructure to support our products, such as our design and manufacturing processes and technical support for our products, may also become more complex. Accordingly, if we fail to effectively manage introductions of new or advanced products, our business may be adversely affected. 
 We experience challenges managing the inventory of existing hearing aids, which can lead to excess inventory and discounting of our existing devices. Inventory levels in excess of consumer demand may result in inventory write-downs or write-offs and the sale of inventory at discounted prices, which has affected our gross margin and could impair the strength of our brand. Reserves and write-downs for rebates, promotions and excess inventory are recorded based on our forecast of future demand. Actual future demand could 
 25 

be less than our forecast, which may result in additional reserves and write-downs in the future, or actual demand could be stronger than our forecast, which may result in a reduction to previously recorded reserves and write-downs in the future and increase the volatility of our operating results. 
 If the quality of our hearing aid products does not meet consumer expectations, or if our products wear out more quickly than expected, then our brand and reputation or our business could be adversely affected. 
 Our products may not perform as well in day-to-day use as we or our customers expect. Although we designed our Eargo hearing aids to provide high quality audio, we have collected limited data comparing our products to competitive devices. In September 2021, we conducted a series of comparative electroacoustic benchmarking tests (the Bench Study to compare our Eargo Neo HiFi and Eargo 5 hearing aids with hearing aids from four major manufacturers. While each of the devices tested in the Bench Study, including our Eargo Neo HiFi and Eargo 5 hearing aids, met or exceeded the identified benchmarks for appropriate levels of sound quality and amplification to improve speech audibility, the design, methodology and results of the Bench Study have not been subject to external review and may not be reliable or replicable indicators of the general performance of our Eargo Neo HiFi and Eargo 5 hearing aids or the other manufacturers hearing aids that were the subject of the Bench Study. Further, the benchmarks for appropriate levels of sound quality and amplification that we identified in the Bench Study may not be appropriate proxies for hearing aid performance or reflect the real-world performance of any tested device. Future studies, including our internal studies or those of our competitors or other third parties, may not yield the results that we expect to obtain and may not demonstrate that our products are superior to, or may demonstrate that our products are inferior to, existing or future products with regard to functional or economic measures. These study results may be published in medical journals or other publications, or by our competitors and result in adverse publicity for our products. The performance of our Eargo hearing aids may not live up to customer expectations, and our brand, reputation, customer satisfaction, return rates and sales may be adversely affected as a result. 
 Furthermore, because of our products limited time in the market, we cannot be certain about the usable life of our products. Due to the design constraints applicable to our rechargeable, in-the-canal design, our hearing aids may offer a shorter usable life compared to our competitors hearing aids. Thus, even though our products may be more affordable than competitive devices, they may need to be replaced more often. Although we believe the advantages of our design justify this tradeoff, customers may expect a longer useful life, and failure to live up to this expectation could result in reduced sales, decreased customer loyalty, higher-than-expected warranty claims and adverse publicity. 
 Certain components of our hearing aids may also offer reduced performance or wear out over time. For example, the rechargeable technology used in our hearing aids and charging cases has a limited lifespan, and recharging performance will degrade over time. We designed our Eargo Neo HiFi hearing aids to provide up to 20 hours of continuous use between charges when new and up to 16 hours after 1,000 charging cycles, but charging capacity may decrease more quickly than expected. Moreover, certain components of our hearing aids that can be purchased online, such as the hearing aid tips, will require more frequent replacement than the device itself. If the quality, longevity and durability of our products does not meet the expectations of customers, then our brand and reputation and our business, financial condition and results of operations, could be adversely affected. 
 Customer or third-party complaints or negative reviews or publicity about our company or our hearing aids could harm our reputation and brand. 
 We are heavily dependent on customers who use our hearing aids to provide good reviews and word-of-mouth recommendations to contribute to our reputation and brand. Customers who are dissatisfied with their experiences with our products or services or their ability to receive reimbursement from their insurance companies may post negative reviews. We have been and may continue to be the subject of blog, forum or other media postings that include inaccurate statements and create negative publicity. In addition, traditional hearing aid supply chain participants may express and publish negative views regarding our direct-to-consumer and omni-channel models and products. Any negative reviews or negative publicity, including in relation to the DOJ investigation, the claims audits, and other legal proceedings have harmed and could continue to harm our reputation and brand and severely diminish consumer confidence in our products. Please also see the Risk Factor titled, We are subject to risks from legal proceedings, investigations, and inquiries, including a number of recent legal proceedings and investigations, which have had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations, and could result in additional claims and material liabilities. 
 We spend significant amounts on advertising and other marketing campaigns to acquire new customers, which may not be successful or cost effective. 
 We market our hearing aids through a mix of digital and traditional marketing channels. These include paid search, digital display advertising, email marketing, affiliate and channel marketing, direct response television, national reach television, direct mail and select print and radio advertising. We also leverage our database of prospects and customers to further drive customer acquisition and referrals. We spend significant amounts on advertising and other marketing campaigns to acquire new customers, and we expect to continue to spend significant amounts to acquire new customers and increase awareness of our products. Beginning on December 8, 2021, we temporarily stopped accepting insurance benefits as a method of direct payment. As a result, we have reduced sales and 
 26 

marketing resources that were previously focused on insurance customers to prioritize the conversion of cash-pay consumers into satisfied customers. The shift to a primarily cash-pay model has increased the cost to acquire new customers, based on the historically lower conversion rate for cash-pay customers as compared to customers with potential insurance benefits. This shift to a primarily cash-pay model may be reinforced by the new OTC regulatory framework if our products are marketed as OTC hearing aids, which may not be covered under certain plans even if medical necessity is otherwise established. While we seek to structure our marketing campaigns in the manner that we believe is most likely to encourage consumers to use our products while lowering our acquisition costs, we may fail to identify marketing opportunities that satisfy our anticipated return on marketing spend as we scale our investments in marketing, accurately predict customer acquisition or fully understand or estimate the conditions and behaviors that drive consumer behavior. If any of our marketing campaigns prove less successful than anticipated in attracting new customers, we may not be able to recover our marketing spend, and our rate of customer acquisition may fail to meet market expectations, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that our marketing efforts will result in increased sales of our products. 
 In addition, we believe that building a strong brand and developing and achieving broad awareness of our brand is critical to achieving market success. Negative publicity, including in relation to the DOJ investigation, the claims audits, and other legal proceedings has harmed and could continue to harm our reputation and brand and severely diminish consumer confidence in our products. If any of our brand-building activities prove less successful than anticipated, or such activities are inhibited by negative publicity in relation to the DOJ investigation, the claims audits and other legal proceedings, it could materially adversely impact our ability to attract new customers. If this were to occur, we may not be able to recover our brand-building spend, and our rate of customer acquisition may fail to meet market expectations, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that our brand-building efforts will result in increased sales of our products. See also the Risk Factors titled, Customer or third-party complaints or negative reviews or publicity about our company or our hearing aids could harm our reputation and brand and We are subject to risks from legal proceedings, investigations, and inquiries, including a number of recent legal proceedings and investigations, which have had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations, and could result in additional claims and material liabilities. 
 Our products are complex to design and manufacture and could contain defects. The production and sale of defective products could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our products. 
 We make hearing aids that include highly complex electronic components, which are sourced from external third parties, and there is an inherent risk that defects may occur in the production of any of our products. Although we rely on the suppliers internal procedures designed to minimize risks that may arise from quality issues, there can be no assurance that we or our suppliers will be able to eliminate or mitigate occurrences of these issues and associated liabilities. Under consumer product legislation in many jurisdictions, we may be forced to recall or repurchase defective products, and more restrictive laws and regulations relating to these matters may be adopted in the future. We also face exposure to product liability claims in the event that any of our devices are alleged to have resulted in personal injury or damage to property, or otherwise to have caused harm. For example, we may be sued if any of our hearing aids allegedly causes injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability and a breach of warranty. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our products. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
 decreased demand for our current or future products; 

injury to our reputation; 

costs to defend the related litigation; 

a diversion of management s time and our resources; 

substantial monetary awards to customers; 

regulatory investigations, product recalls, withdrawals or labelling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 

loss of revenue; and 

the inability to sell our current or any future products. 

Our inability to obtain and maintain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost and scope of coverage to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the sale of our current or any future products we develop. Although we currently carry product liability insurance, any claim that may be brought against us could result in a court judgment or settlement in an amount that is not covered, in whole or in part, by our insurance or that is in excess of the limits of our insurance coverage. Our 
 27 

insurance policies also have various exclusions and deductibles, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We will have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to pay such amounts. Moreover, in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses. 
 In addition, any product defects, recalls or claims that result in significant adverse publicity could have a negative effect on our reputation, result in loss of market share or failure to achieve market acceptance. For example, our first-generation hearing aid, launched in 2015, had a high incidence of product returns and warranty claims. As a result, we voluntarily withdrew the product from the market. The production and sale of defective products in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to consumer protection laws that regulate our marketing practices and prohibit unfair or deceptive acts or practices. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business, and changes in such regulations or laws could require us to modify our products or marketing or advertising efforts. 
 In connection with the marketing and advertisement of our products, we could be the target of claims relating to false, misleading, deceptive, unfair, or otherwise unsubstantiated or noncompliant advertising or marketing practices, including under the auspices of federal or state rules or regulations such as the Federal Trade Commission Act and state consumer protection statutes. If we rely on third parties, including customers, to provide any marketing or advertising of our products, including as we expand our product offerings in physical retail settings or through online channels, we could be liable for, or face reputational harm as a result of, their practices if, for example, they or we fail to comply with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements. 
 If we are found or perceived to have breached any consumer protection, advertising, unfair competition or other laws or regulations, we may be required to change our business model, products or practices in a manner that may negatively impact us. We could also be subject to regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, litigation (including class actions), fines, penalties, increased compliance or remediation costs, and adverse publicity that could cause reputational harm and loss of customer trust, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 There are a variety of hearing aid products and technologies, and consumer confusion about product features and technology could lead consumers to purchase competitive products instead of our products, or to conflate any adverse events or safety issues associated with third-party hearing aid products or other sound enhancement products with our products, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We believe that many individuals do not have full information regarding the types of hearing aids and hearing aid features and technologies available in the market, in part due to the lack of consumer education in the traditional hearing industry sales model. Consumers may not have sufficient information about hearing aids generally or how hearing aid products and technologies compare to each other. This confusion may result in consumers purchasing hearing aids from our competitors instead of our products, even if our hearing aids would provide them with their desired product features. Additionally, there may be confusion in the market following the publication of the OTC Final Rule and the implementation of the new OTC hearing aid regulatory framework, which does not include certain sound enhancement devices (such as personal sound amplification products, or PSAPs ), because of the increased availability and access to hearing aid devices in similar locations and manners as sound enhancement devices. Our products and trademarks have also been and may continue to be subject to counterfeiting, infringement, or otherwise unauthorized resale. Such actions and other intellectual property infringement could result in consumer confusion, dilute our brand, and otherwise harm our reputation and business. Please see the risk factors titled, Our success depends in part on our proprietary technology, and if we are unable to obtain, maintain or successfully enforce our intellectual property rights, the commercial value of our products and services will be adversely affected and our competitive position may be harmed and If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our competitive position may be harmed. Any adverse events or safety issues relating to competitive hearing aid products or other non-hearing aid, sound enhancement, or counterfeit devices and related negative publicity, even if such events are not attributable to our products, could result in reduced purchases of hearing aids by consumers generally. Any of these occurrences could lead to reduced sales of our products and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 We are subject to risks related to public health crises such as the global pandemic associated with COVID-19. The COVID-19 pandemic may negatively impact our operations and revenues and overall financial condition by harming the ability or willingness of customers to pay for our products due to macro-economic conditions resulting from the pandemic or the operations of manufacturers, suppliers and other third parties with which we do business. These challenges will likely continue for the duration of the pandemic, which is uncertain, and the macro-economic effects of the pandemic will likely continue far beyond the duration of the pandemic. 
 28 

Since the start of the pandemic, numerous state and local jurisdictions have imposed, and others in the future may impose, shelter-in-place orders, quarantines, orders requiring non-essential businesses to remain closed, executive orders and similar government orders and restrictions for their residents to control the spread of COVID-19. The pandemic and such restrictions have resulted in a majority of our employees working remotely, work stoppages, slowdowns and delays, travel restrictions and cancellation of events, among other effects, thereby negatively impacting our operations. Other potential disruptions may include delays in processing registrations or approvals by applicable state or federal regulatory bodies; delays in product development efforts; disruptions to our supply chain, including any impacts from global semiconductor shortages; and additional government requirements or other incremental mitigation efforts that may further impact our capacity to manufacture, sell and support the use of our Eargo systems. 
 Disruptions in supply chain have resulted in industry-wide component supply (such as semiconductors) shortages, and we may not be able to obtain adequate inventory on a timely basis or at all. To date, increases in component pricing have occurred but have not had a material impact on supply continuity or gross margin. We have taken steps to monitor our supply chain and actions to address limited supply and increasing lead times, including outreach to critical suppliers and spot market purchases. Future disruptions in our supply chain, including the sourcing of certain components and raw materials, such as semiconductor and memory chips, as well as increased logistics costs, could impact our sales and gross margins. 
 The ultimate impact of COVID-19 on our business, financial conditions and results of operations depends on many factors and future developments beyond our control, which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict, including: the duration of the pandemic, a potential resurgence, the impact of variants, new or renewed restrictions, the timing, availability, acceptance and effectiveness of vaccines and treatments against COVID-19 as well as vaccination rates among the population, the pace of recovery when the COVID-19 pandemic subsides, and the severity and duration of the global economic downturn that results from the ongoing pandemic. 
 While the potential economic impact brought by and the duration of COVID-19 may be difficult to assess or predict, the widespread pandemic has resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant disruption of global financial markets, reducing our ability to access capital, which could in the future negatively affect our liquidity. In addition, a recession or market correction resulting from the spread of COVID-19 or other macro-economic factors could materially affect our business and the value of our common stock. The COVID-19 pandemic has also resulted in volatility in the unemployment rate in the United States, which may continue even after the pandemic subsides. The occurrence of any such events may lead to reduced disposable income and access to health insurance, which could adversely affect the number of our products sold after the pandemic has subsided. The ultimate effect of COVID-19 on our sales volume and other results of operations could differ substantially from our expectations and our experience to date. 
 Repair or replacement costs due to guarantees we provide on our products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We provide product guarantees to our customers, both as a result of contractual and legal provisions and for marketing purposes. 
 We generally allow for the return of products from direct customers within 45 days after the original sale and record estimated sales returns as a reduction of sales in the same period revenue is recognized. We also generally allow customers to return defective or damaged products for a replacement or refund. The term of the warranty provided is typically two years for our latest device and one year for all other devices. Existing and future product guarantees place us at the risk of incurring future repair and/or replacement costs. As of December 31, 2022, we had provisions of approximately 3.8 million relating to warranties. Substantial amounts of product guarantee claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, we reserve for the estimated cost of product warranties when revenue is recognized, and we evaluate our warranty reserves periodically by reviewing our warranty repair experience. While we engage in product quality programs and processes, including monitoring and evaluating the quality of our components sourced from our suppliers and instituting methods to remotely detect and correct defects, our warranty obligation is affected by actual product defect rates, parts and equipment costs and service labor costs incurred in correcting a product defect. Our warranty reserves may be inadequate due to undetected product defects, unanticipated component failures or changes in estimates for material, labor and other costs we may incur to replace projected product defects. As a result, if actual product defect rates, parts and equipment costs or service labor costs exceed our estimates, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our failure to successfully anticipate sales returns may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our reported net revenue and net losses are affected by changes in reserves to account for sales returns and product credits. The reserve for sales returns accounts for customer returns of our products after purchase. We record a reserve for sales returns estimated based on historical return trends together with current product sales performance in each reporting period. If actual returns are greater than those projected and reserved for by management, additional sales returns reserve may be recorded in the future and reported net revenue may be reduced accordingly. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits for more information. 
 29 

We do not currently have the ability to resell all products that are returned. Our refurbishment capabilities are focused on components and allow us to reuse certain key components from our returned devices. To the extent we are unable to successfully refurbish devices in the future, we will not be able to resell such devices. Further, the introduction of new products, changes in product mix, changes in consumer confidence or other competitive and general economic conditions may cause actual returns to differ from product return reserves. Any significant increase in product returns that exceeds our reserves could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to reduce our return rates or if our return rates continue to increase, our net revenue may decrease, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our customer sales returns rate was approximately 34 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our return policy generally allows our customers to return hearing aids for any reason within the first 45 days of delivery for a full refund, subject to a handling fee in certain states. Additionally, following learning of the DOJ investigation and prior to shifting to our current practice of accepting insurance benefits as a method of direct payment in certain limited circumstances, we offered customers with potential insurance benefits the option to return their hearing aids or purchase their hearing aids without use of their insurance benefits if their claim is denied or ultimately not submitted by us to their insurance plan for payment (see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits for more information). 
 We report revenue net of expected returns, which is an estimate informed in part by historical return rates. As such, our return rate impacts our reported net revenue and profitability. Our net revenue and profitability have been and will continue to be negatively impacted by the inability to recognize revenue related to shipments to customers with potential insurance benefits, which customers generally have had a significantly lower rate of return as compared to cash-pay customers. As we have shifted to selling on a primarily cash-pay basis, we have experienced a significantly higher sales return rate. If actual sales returns differ significantly from our estimates, an adjustment to revenue in the current or subsequent period is recorded. Furthermore, if we are unable to reduce our return rates or if they continue to increase, our net revenue may continue to decrease, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Factors affecting our business Sales returns rate. 
 Accelerated consolidation and formation of purchasing groups increases the pricing pressure on hearing aids. 
 Many purchasing groups, such as hearing aid clinics, retailers and hospital systems, are consolidating to create new entities with greater market power. Such groups, such as Costco and the VA, have used and may continue to use their increased purchasing power to negotiate price reductions or other concessions across our industry. This pricing leverage has resulted, and will likely continue to result, in downward pressure on the average selling prices of hearing aid products generally, including our own products. The OTC Final Rule could further contribute to the pace of consolidation as well as the introduction of new entrants in the hearing aid market, which would further increase pricing pressure on hearing aid manufacturers. Please see the Risk Factors titled, Changes in the regulatory landscape for hearing aid devices could materially impact our direct-to-consumer and omni-channel business models and lead to increased regulatory requirements, and we may be required to seek additional clearance or approval for our products, and As we expand our product offerings to physical retail outlets and begin to rely on third parties outside of our control, any failure of such third parties to use comply with applicable laws and regulations could negatively impact our brand image and business and lead to negative publicity and potential liability. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Alternative technologies or therapies that improve or cure hearing loss could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If medical research were to lead to the discovery of alternative therapies or technologies that improve or cure the various forms of hearing loss as an alternative to the hearing aid, such as by surgical techniques, the use of pharmaceuticals or breakthrough bio-technological innovations or therapies, our profitability could suffer through a reduction in sales. The discovery of a cure for the various forms of hearing loss and the development of other alternatives to hearing aids could result in decreased demand for our products and, accordingly, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Adapting our production capacities to evolving patterns of demand is expensive, time-consuming and subject to significant uncertainties. We may not be able to adequately predict consumer trends and may be unable to adjust our production in a timely manner. Additionally, as we expand our product offering to physical retail settings, we may not be able to accurately estimate the inventory needs of such physical retail settings. 
 We market our products directly to consumers in the United States, where we face the risk of significant changes in the demand for our products. If demand decreases, we will need to implement capacity and cost reduction measures involving restructuring costs. If demand increases, we will be required to make capital expenditures related to increased production and expenditures to hire and train production and sales and product support personnel. Adapting to changes in demand inherently lags behind the actual changes because it takes time to identify the change the market is undergoing and to implement any measures taken as a result. Finally, capacity 
 30 

adjustments are inherently risky because there is imperfect information, and market trends may rapidly intensify, ebb or even reverse. We have in the past not always been, and may in the future not be, able to accurately or timely predict trends in demand and consumer behavior or to take appropriate measures to mitigate risks and exploit opportunities resulting from such trends. Any inability in the future to identify or to adequately and effectively react to changes in demand could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, following the effective date of the OTC Final Rule of October 17, 2022, customers can now purchase or order Eargo hearing aids in retail settings; we have also partnered with certain resellers or other distributors, including benefits managers, to offer Eargo hearing aids for sale through their online storefronts or portals. Our expansion into physical retail settings and other third-party partnerships represent new channels for the Company in which we currently have limited expertise. We may not be able to accurately estimate the return rate or inventory needs of such channels, which could result in supply disruptions if growth in demand in such channels exceeds our ability to supply product. Currently, we have no or limited historical basis for us to make judgments on the inventory demand of any such retail partner or other third-party partner. If we underestimate such return rate or inventory requirements, our retail and other third-party partners may have inadequate inventory for sale to their customers. In addition, delays in the delivery of our products to our retail and other third-party partners or a failure to provide our product to our retail and other third-party partners in sufficient quantities in a timely manner could harm our relationships with such partners and impact our business and operating results. Moreover, we sell our products to our retail and other third-party partners at prices that are lower than what we would otherwise charge in our direct-to-consumer channel, reducing our associated revenues and gross margins. 
 We are dependent on international manufacturers and suppliers, as well as certain international contractors we engage from time to time with respect to select research and development activities, which exposes us to foreign operational and political risks that may harm our business. 
 We currently rely on a limited number of manufacturers: one located in Thailand, Hana Microelectronics, and our primary manufacturer, Pegatron Corporation, headquartered in Taiwan and with manufacturing facilities throughout Asia. Pegatron manufactures the Eargo 5, Eargo 6, and Eargo 7 hearing aid systems out of its facilities in Suzhou, China. In addition, we rely on some third-party suppliers in Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan, China and the United States, who supply, among other things, certain of the technology and raw materials used in the manufacturing of our products. We also engage certain international consultants, contractors and other specialists in connection with our research and development activities. 
 Our reliance on international operations exposes us to risks and uncertainties, including: 
 controlling quality of supplies and finished product; 

trade protection measures, tariffs and other duties, especially in light of trade disputes between the United States and several foreign countries, including China and countries in Europe; 

political, social and economic instability (for example, Russia s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 and the resultant sanctions and export controls introduced against Russia and recent escalations in geopolitical tension between the People s Republic of China and Taiwan have created such instability and have and may continue to disrupt business activity both in the immediately affected region and around the world, the full effects of which remain unknown); 

the outbreak of contagious diseases, such as COVID-19; 

laws and business practices that favor local companies; 

interruptions and limitations in telecommunication services; 

product or material delays or disruption, including logistics challenges such as delays or disruptions in shipping; 

import and export license requirements and restrictions; 

difficulties in the protection of intellectual property; 

inflation and/or deflation; 

the threat of nationalization and expropriation; 

exchange controls, currency restrictions and fluctuations in currency values; and 

potential adverse tax consequences. 

If any of these risks were to materialize, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 31 

We or the third parties upon whom we depend may be adversely affected by disasters, and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. Any interruption in the operations of our or our suppliers manufacturing or other facilities may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, which has experienced severe earthquakes and wildfires as well as flooding and power outages. We do not carry earthquake insurance. Our manufacturers and many of our suppliers are located in Asia, which regions have experienced natural disasters such as earthquakes, landslides, flooding, tropical storms and tsunamis, and tornadoes. Our customer support operations as well as our third-party provider s distribution facilities are based in regions of the Southern United States that have experienced flooding and tornadoes. Severe weather (including any potential effects of climate change), natural disasters and other calamities, such as pandemics (including COVID-19), earthquakes, tsunamis and hurricanes, fires and explosions, accidents, mechanical failures, unscheduled downtimes, civil unrest, strikes, transportation interruptions, unpermitted discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances, other environmental risks, sabotage, geopolitical unrest, political instability, terrorism or acts of war, could severely disrupt our operations, or our third-party manufacturers and suppliers operations, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If a natural disaster, power outage or other event occurred that prevented us from using all or a significant portion of our headquarters or other facilities, or those of our third-party manufacturers or suppliers, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as our enterprise financial systems or manufacturing resource planning and enterprise quality systems, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible, for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. A mechanical failure or disruption affecting any major operating line may result in a disruption to our ability to supply customers, and standby capacity may not be available. The disaster recovery and business continuity plans we have in place currently are limited and are unlikely to prove adequate in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. The potential impact of any disruption would depend on the nature and extent of the damage caused by a disaster. There can be no assurance that alternative production capacity will be available in the future in the event of a major disruption or, if it is available, that it could be obtained on favorable terms. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of the limited nature of our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, which, particularly when taken together with our lack of earthquake insurance, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Furthermore, integral parties in our supply chain are similarly vulnerable to natural disasters or other sudden, unforeseen and severe adverse events. If such an event were to affect our supply chain, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We depend on sales of our hearing aids for our revenue. Demand for our hearing aids may not increase due to a variety of factors. 
 We expect that revenue from sales of our hearing aids will continue to account for our revenue for the foreseeable future. Continued and widespread market acceptance of hearing aids by consumers is critical to our future success. Consumer spending habits are affected by, among other things, prevailing economic conditions, levels of employment, salaries and wage rates, interest rates, inflation rates, consumer confidence and consumer perception of economic conditions, which have been adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and may continue to be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Hearing aids are often paid for directly by the consumer and, as a result, demand can vary significantly depending on economic conditions. The uncertainty regarding the extent to which we are able to validate and establish additional processes to support the submission of claims for reimbursement to health plans, including those under the FEHB program, the implementation of the new OTC hearing aid regulatory framework (which may lead insurance providers to take actions limiting our ability to access insurance coverage) and potential Medicare coverage for certain hearing aids (which may not include Eargo hearing aids) will require that we evaluate and consider any changes to our business model as new information becomes available, including a potential long-term shift to a primarily cash-pay model, with minimal volume from our customers using insurance benefits as a method of direct payment to Eargo, which would likely result in a sustained increased cost of customer acquisition and a reduction in shipments, revenue, gross margin, and higher operating expenses, which could have a material negative impact on our profitability and growth prospects. Without the benefit of customers with insurance coverage, the future growth prospects and profitability of the Company are uncertain, unless we can identify new sources of profitable growth. 
 Further, a general slowdown in the U.S. economy and international economies into which we may expand or an uncertain economic outlook could adversely affect consumer spending habits, which may result in, among other things, a reduction in consumer spending on elective or higher value products, a preference for lower cost products, or a reduction in demand for hearing aids generally, each of which would have an adverse effect on our sales and operating results. Ongoing challenges in global financial markets, as well as various social and political circumstances in the United States and around the world, have contributed and may continue to contribute to increased market volatility and economic uncertainties, including increased inflation pressures, supply chain challenges and international sanctions, some or all of which have resulted in an economic downturn and/or recession either globally or locally in the United States. These and other factors may continue to influence our customers behavior, disposable income, spending patterns and demand for our products. If there is a reduction in consumer demand for hearing aids generally, if consumers choose to use a competitive product rather than our hearing aids or if the average selling price of our hearing aids declines as a result of economic conditions, including employment levels and inflation, competitive pressures or any other reason, these factors could have a material 
 32 

adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are not successful in adapting our production and cost structure to the market environment, we may experience further adverse effects that may be material to our business, financial condition and results of operations. See also the Risk Factor titled, We face considerable uncertainty in our business prospects, as a significant portion of our revenue has historically been dependent upon reimbursement from third-party payors participating in the FEHB program, but we have operated on a primarily cash-pay basis since December 8, 2021. We may be unsuccessful in validating and establishing processes to support the submission of claims for reimbursement from third-party payors participating in the FEHB program. As a result, we have faced a significant reduction in revenue and any failure to establish processes to support reimbursement from third-party payors in the future may significantly and adversely impact our business and growth prospects and our ability to sell our products. 
 We are subject to conflict minerals reporting obligations. 
 We are required to diligence the origin of minerals used in the manufacture of our products that have been designated conflict minerals under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and, beginning in May 2023, disclose and report whether or not such minerals originated in the Democratic Republic of the Congo or adjoining countries. These requirements could adversely affect the sourcing, availability and pricing of minerals used in the manufacture of our products. In addition, we will incur additional costs to comply with the disclosure requirements, including costs related to determining the source of the relevant minerals and metals used in our products. 
 Any future international expansion will subject us to additional costs and risks that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Historically, all of our sales have been to customers in the United States. To the extent we enter into international markets in the future, there are significant costs and risks inherent in conducting business in international markets. If we expand, or attempt to expand, into foreign markets, we will be subject to new business risks, in addition to regulatory risks. In addition, expansion into foreign markets imposes additional burdens on our executive and administrative personnel, finance and legal teams, research and marketing teams and general managerial resources. 
 We have limited experience with regulatory environments and market practices internationally, and we may not be able to penetrate or successfully operate in new markets. We may also encounter difficulty expanding into international markets because of limited brand recognition in certain parts of the world, leading to delayed acceptance of our products by consumers in these international markets. If we are unable to expand internationally and manage the complexity of international operations successfully, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our efforts to introduce our products into foreign markets are not successful, we may have expended significant resources without realizing the expected benefit. Ultimately, the investment required for expansion into foreign markets could exceed the results of operations generated from this expansion. 
 We primarily rely on our own direct sales force, and if we are unable to maintain or expand our sales force, it could harm our business. Additionally, our reliance on our direct sales force may result in higher fixed costs than our competitors and may slow our ability to reduce costs in the face of a sudden decline in demand for our products. 
 We primarily rely on our own direct sales force to market and sell our products. We do not have any long-term employment contracts with the members of our direct sales force. Our operating results are directly dependent upon the sales and marketing efforts of our sales and customer support team. If our employees fail to adequately promote, market and sell our products, our sales could significantly decrease. As we launch new products, expand our product offerings and increase our marketing efforts with respect to existing products, we will need to expand the reach of our marketing and sales networks. Our future success will depend largely on our ability to continue to attract, hire, train, retain and motivate skilled employees with significant technical knowledge in various areas. New hires require training and take time to achieve full productivity. 
 Additionally, most of our competitors rely predominantly on third-party distributors. Although we are beginning to expand our product offerings to physical retail locations of third parties and as a result will begin to rely on such third parties sales forces, we anticipate that we will continue to rely predominantly on our own direct sales force for the foreseeable future. A direct sales force may subject us to higher fixed costs than those of competitors that market their products through independent third parties, due to the costs that we will bear associated with employee benefits, training and managing sales personnel. As a result, we could be at a competitive disadvantage. Additionally, these fixed costs may slow our ability to reduce costs in the face of a sudden decline in demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely on our relationship with a professional employer organization for our human relations function and as a co-employer of our personnel, and if that party failed to perform its responsibilities under that relationship, our relations with our employees could be damaged and we could incur liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 All of our U.S. personnel, including our executive officers, are co-employees of Eargo and a professional employer organization, Insperity. Under the terms of our arrangement, Insperity is the formal employer of all of our U.S. personnel and is responsible for 
 33 

administering all payroll, including tax withholding, and providing health insurance and other benefits for these individuals, and our employees are governed by the work policies created by Insperity. We reimburse Insperity for these costs and pay Insperity an administrative fee for its services. If Insperity fails to comply with applicable laws or its obligations under this arrangement or creates work policies that are viewed unfavorably by employees, our relationship with our employees could be damaged. We could, under certain circumstances, be held liable for a failure by Insperity to appropriately pay, or withhold and remit required taxes from payments to, our employees. In such a case, our potential liability could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 We do not expect to become profitable in the near future, may never achieve profitability, and have incurred substantial net operating losses NOLs during our history. Unused NOLs will carry forward to offset a portion of future taxable income, if any, until such unused NOLs expire, if ever. Federal NOLs generated after December 31, 2017 are not subject to expiration, but the yearly utilization of such federal NOLs is limited to 80 percent of taxable income for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020. In addition, in general, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), a corporation that undergoes an ownership change (within the meaning of Section 382 of the Code) is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs or tax credits to offset future taxable income or taxes. For these purposes, an ownership change generally occurs where the aggregate stock ownership of one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who own at least 5 of a corporation s stock increases by more than 50 percentage points over the lowest percentage of the corporation s stock owned by such stockholders within a specified testing period. 
 We have experienced an ownership change within the meaning of Section 382 of the Code in the past, for which an estimate has been accounted for in our deferred tax disclosure. We may experience additional ownership changes in the future as a result of shifts in our stock ownership (some of which shifts may be outside our control). While we do not expect any limitation would impact our ability to use our tax attributes before they expire, we may be unable to use a material portion of our NOLs and other tax attributes even if we attain profitability. 
 Risks relating to intellectual property and legal and regulatory matters 
 If we fail to comply with U.S. or foreign federal and state healthcare regulatory laws, we could be subject to penalties, including, but not limited to, administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion from participation in governmental healthcare programs and the curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely impact our reputation and business operations. 
 We operate in a complex regulatory environment with an extensive and evolving set of federal, state and local governmental laws, regulations, and other requirements. These laws, regulations and other requirements are promulgated and overseen by a number of different legislative, regulatory, administrative and quasi-regulatory bodies, each of which may have varying interpretations, judgments or related guidance. For example, broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations apply to our operations and business practices. These laws may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we conduct our operations, including our sales and marketing practices, consumer incentive and other promotional programs and other business practices. 
 Such laws include, without limitation: 
 the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of, any good, facility, item or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under U.S. federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare, state Medicaid programs and TRICARE. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

the U.S. federal false claims laws, including the civil False Claims Act, which can be enforced through whistleblower actions, and the civil monetary penalties law, which, among other things, impose criminal and civil penalties against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the U.S. federal government, claims for payment or approval that are false or fraudulent, knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or from knowingly making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the U.S. federal government. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items and services resulting from a violation of the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act; 

34 

Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), which imposes criminal and civil liability for, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, or knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement, in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge; 

state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, including state anti-kickback, self-referral and false claims laws that apply more broadly to healthcare items or services paid by all payors, including self-pay patients and private insurers, that govern our interactions with consumers or restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers; 

the Federal Trade Commission Act and federal and state consumer protection, advertisement and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; 

the U.S. Physician Payments Sunshine Act and its implementing regulations, which require certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies that are reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program to report annually to the government information related to certain payments and other transfers of value to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain other healthcare providers (physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, anesthesiologist assistants, certified registered nurse anesthetists and certified nurse midwives) and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by the physicians described above and their immediate family members; 

the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA ), and similar regulations in other countries, which prohibit, among other things, companies and their employees and agents from authorizing, promising, offering or providing, directly or indirectly, corrupt or improper payments or anything else of value to foreign government officials, employees of public international organizations and foreign government owned or affiliated entities, candidates for foreign political office and foreign political parties or officials thereof and require companies to keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the company and to maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls; 

foreign or U.S. analogous state laws and regulations, which may apply to our business practices, including but not limited to, state laws that require manufacturers to comply with the voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the U.S. federal government; state laws and regulations that require manufacturers to file reports relating to pricing and marketing information or that require tracking gifts and other remuneration and items of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities; and 

similar healthcare laws and regulations in the EU and other jurisdictions in which we may conduct activities in the future, including reporting requirements detailing interactions with and payments to healthcare providers. 

Foreign laws and regulations in this regard may vary greatly from country to country. For example, the advertising and promotion of our products in the European Economic Area (the EEA would be subject to EEA Directives concerning misleading and comparative advertising and unfair commercial practices, as well as other EEA Member State legislation governing the advertising and promotion of medical devices. These laws may limit or restrict the advertising and promotion of our products to the general public and may impose limitations on our promotional activities with healthcare professionals. We are also subject to healthcare fraud and abuse regulation and enforcement by the countries in which we conduct our business. These healthcare laws and regulations vary significantly from country to country. 
 Ensuring that our internal operations and future business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. We utilize considerable resources on an ongoing basis to monitor, assess and respond to applicable legislative, regulatory, and administrative requirements, but there is no guarantee that we will be successful in our efforts to adhere to all of these requirements. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental laws and regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from government-funded healthcare programs, such as state Medicaid programs, TRICARE or similar programs in other countries or jurisdictions, disgorgement, imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Further, defending against any such actions can be costly and time-consuming and may require significant personnel resources. Even if we are successful in defending against any such actions that may be brought against us, our business may be impaired. 
 35 

Our hearing aids are subject to extensive government regulation at the federal and state level, and our failure to comply with applicable requirements could harm our business. 
 Our hearing aids are medical devices that are subject to extensive regulation in the United States, including by the FDA and state agencies. The FDA regulates, among other things, the design, development, research, manufacture, testing, labelling, marketing, promotion, advertising, sale, import and export of hearing aid devices, such as those we market. Applicable medical device regulations are complex and have tended to become more stringent over time. Regulatory changes could result in restrictions on our ability to carry out or expand our operations. 
 The FDA classifies medical devices into one of three classes (Class I, II, or III) based on the degree of risk associated with a device and the level of regulatory control deemed necessary to ensure its safety and effectiveness. Class I devices are those for which safety and effectiveness can be assured by adherence to the FDA s general controls for medical devices, which include compliance with the FDA s current good manufacturing practices cGMPs for devices, as reflected in the Quality System Regulation QSR ), establishment registration and device listing, reporting of adverse events, and truthful, non-misleading labelling, advertising, and promotional materials. Some Class I and Class II devices also require premarket clearance by the FDA through the premarket notification process set forth in Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act FDCA ). 
 We have marketed in the past, and continue to market, certain Eargo system devices as Class I air-conduction or Class II wireless air-conduction hearing aids under existing regulations at 21 CFR 874.330 and 874.3305, respectively, both of which are exempt from 510(k) premarket review. In addition, in connection with the effective date of the OTC Final Rule, we plan to market our devices as OTC hearing aids following the April 14, 2023 compliance date, or sooner. In addition, we may seek to market certain devices as prescription hearing aids, which would require compliance with separate physical and electronic labeling requirements under the OTC Final Rule. In June 2022, we submitted a 510(k) premarket notification seeking FDA clearance of expanded labelling for our Eargo 5 and 6 hearing aids as self-fitting devices. On December 22, 2022, we received FDA 510(k) clearance for Eargo 5 and 6 as Class II self-fitting air-conduction hearing aids. In January 2023, we launched the Eargo 7 as our third over-the-counter, 510(k) cleared self-fitting air-conduction hearing aid. 
 In the 510(k) clearance process, before a device may be marketed, the FDA must determine that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to a legally-marketed predicate device, which includes a device that has been previously cleared through the 510(k) process, a device that was legally marketed prior to May 28, 1976 (a pre-amendments device), a device that was originally on the U.S. market pursuant to an approved PMA application and later down-classified, or a legally marketed 510(k)-exempt device. To be substantially equivalent, the proposed device must have the same intended use as the predicate device, and either have the same technological characteristics as the predicate device or have different technological characteristics that do not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness than the predicate device. Clinical data are sometimes required to support substantial equivalence. In the PMA process, the FDA must determine that a proposed device is safe and effective for its intended use based, in part, on extensive data, including, but not limited to, technical, pre-clinical, clinical trial, manufacturing and labelling data. The PMA process is typically required for Class III devices that are deemed to pose the greatest risk, such as life-sustaining, life-supporting or implantable devices. 
 Modifications to products that are approved through a PMA application generally require FDA approval. Similarly, certain modifications made to products cleared through a 510(k) may require a new 510(k) clearance. Both the PMA approval and the 510(k) clearance process can be expensive, lengthy and uncertain. The FDA s 510(k) clearance process usually takes from 3 to 12 months, but can last longer. The process of obtaining a PMA is much more costly and uncertain and generally takes from one to three years, or even longer, from the time the application is filed with the FDA. In addition, a PMA generally requires the performance of one or more clinical trials. Despite the time, effort and cost, we cannot assure you that any particular device will be approved or cleared by the FDA. 
 Any delay or failure to obtain necessary regulatory clearances or approvals if required in the future could harm our business. 
 The FDA can delay, limit or deny clearance or approval of a device for many reasons, including: 
 inability to demonstrate to the FDA s satisfaction that the product or modification is substantially equivalent to the proposed predicate device or safe and effective for its intended use, as applicable; 

the data from pre-clinical studies and clinical trials may be insufficient to support clearance or approval, where required; and 

the manufacturing process or facilities do not meet applicable requirements. 

In addition, the FDA may change its clearance and approval policies, adopt additional regulations or revise existing regulations, or take other actions, which may prevent or delay our ability to introduce new products or modify our current products on a timely basis. For example, in November 2018, FDA officials announced forthcoming steps that the agency intends to take to modernize the 510(k) premarket notification pathway, and in September 2019, the FDA finalized guidance to describe an optional safety and performance based premarket review pathway for manufacturers of certain well-understood device types, which would allow manufacturers to demonstrate substantial equivalence by meeting objective safety and performance criteria established by the FDA, obviating the need 
 36 

for manufacturers to compare the safety and performance of their medical devices to specific predicate devices in the clearance process. As another example, in the FDA s OTC Final Rule, the FDA states that it is separately proposing to harmonize the QSR with an international consensus standard. If we are required to seek additional premarket review of our devices in the future or if the FDA proposes modifications to quality system requirements, these proposals and reforms could impose additional regulatory requirements on us and increase the costs of compliance. 
 We operate in a regulated industry and changes in the regulations or the implementation of existing regulations could affect our operations and prospects for future growth globally. 
 Our products and our business activities are subject to rigorous regulation in any jurisdiction in which we operate, now or in the future. In particular, these laws generally govern: (i) coverage and reimbursement by the national health services or by private health insurance services for the purchase of hearing aids; (ii) the supply of hearing aids to the public and, more specifically, the training and qualifications required to practice the profession of hearing aid fitting specialist; and (iii) the development, testing, manufacturing, labelling, premarket clearance or approval and marketing, advertising, promotion, export and import of our hearing aids. Accordingly, our business may be affected by changes in any such laws and regulations and, in particular, by changes to the conditions for coverage, the way in which reimbursement is calculated, the ability to obtain national health insurance coverage or the role of the ear, nose and throat specialists. 
 While the FDA is the primary regulatory body affecting our business, which is currently based in the United States, there are numerous other regulatory schemes at the international, national and sub-national levels to which we are subject and, to the extent we expand internationally, we could become subject to international agencies and regulatory bodies such as the various agencies that enforce the European Union EU Medical Device Directive, the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare, and sub-national regulatory schemes in such jurisdictions. These regulations can be burdensome and subject to change on short notice, exposing us to the risk of increased costs and business disruption, and regulatory premarket clearance or approval requirements may affect or delay our ability to market our new products. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain marketing clearance or approval for our new products, or enhancements or modifications to existing products. If we do, such clearance or approval may take a significant amount of time and require the expenditure of substantial resources. Further, such clearance or approval may involve stringent testing procedures, modifications, repairs or replacements of our products and could result in limitations on the proposed uses of our products. Regulatory authorities and legislators have been recently increasing their scrutiny of the healthcare industry, and there are ongoing regulatory efforts to reduce healthcare costs that may intensify in the future. Our business is also sensitive to any changes in tort and product liability laws. 
 Regulations pertaining to our products have become increasingly stringent and more common, particularly in developing countries whose regulations approach standards previously attained only by some Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development countries, and we may become subject to more rigorous regulation by governmental authorities in the future. Conversely, however, the regulation of hearing aids as medical devices provides a barrier to entry for new competitors. If the markets in which we operate become less regulated, those barriers to entry may be eliminated or reduced, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Both before and after a product is commercially released, we have ongoing responsibilities under various laws and regulations. If a regulatory authority were to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, or that any of our hearing aids are ineffective or pose an unreasonable risk for the end-user, the authority may ban such hearing aids, detain or seize adulterated or misbranded hearing aids, order a recall, repair, replacement or refund of such instruments, and require us to notify health professionals and others that the devices present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health. A regulatory authority may also impose operating restrictions, enjoin and restrain certain violations of applicable law pertaining to medical devices, and assess civil or criminal penalties against our officers, employees or us. The regulatory authority may also recommend prosecution by law enforcement agencies. Any governmental law or regulation, existing or imposed in the future, or enforcement action taken may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Please also see the Risk Factor titled, Changes in the regulatory landscape for hearing aid devices could materially impact our direct-to-consumer business model and lead to increased regulatory requirements, and we may be required to seek additional clearance or approval for our products. 
 Disruptions at the FDA and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire, retain or deploy key leadership and other personnel, or otherwise delay or prevent necessary regulatory clearances or approvals, which could negatively impact our business. 
 The ability of the FDA to review and clear or approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, statutory, regulatory and policy changes, the FDA s ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and other events that may otherwise affect the FDA s ability to perform routine functions. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new medical devices or modifications to be cleared or approved by government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, including for 35 days 
 37 

beginning on December 22, 2018, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical FDA employees and stop critical activities. 
 Separately, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the FDA postponed most inspections of domestic and foreign manufacturing facilities at various points. Even though the FDA has since resumed standard inspection operations of domestic facilities where feasible, the FDA has continued to monitor and implement changes to its inspectional activities to ensure the safety of its employees and those of the firms it regulates as it adapts to the evolving COVID-19 pandemic, and any resurgence of the virus or emergence of new variants may lead to further inspectional delays. Regulatory authorities outside the United States may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns continue to prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA or other regulatory authorities to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Legislative or regulatory healthcare reforms may make it more difficult and costly to produce, market and distribute our products or to do so profitably. 
 Recent political, economic and regulatory influences are subjecting the healthcare industry to fundamental changes. Both the federal and state governments in the United States and foreign governments continue to propose and pass new legislation and regulations designed to contain or reduce the cost of healthcare, improve quality of care and expand access to healthcare, among other purposes. For example, the implementation of the Affordable Care Act has changed healthcare financing and delivery by both governmental and private insurers substantially and has affected medical device manufacturers significantly. Other legislative changes have also been proposed and adopted since the Affordable Care Act was enacted, which included, among other things, reductions to Medicare payments to providers through the Budget Control Act of 2011 and the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012. In addition, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 MACRA ), enacted on April 16, 2015, repealed the formula by which Medicare made annual payment adjustments to physicians and replaced the former formula with fixed annual updates and a new system of incentive payments which began in 2019 that are based on various performance measures and physicians participation in alternative payment models such as accountable care organizations. Future legislation and regulatory changes, including, for example, the new OTC regulatory framework, may result in, directly or indirectly, decreased coverage and reimbursement for medical devices, which may further exacerbate industry-wide pressure to reduce the prices charged and impact market demand for medical devices. This could harm our ability to market and generate sales from our products. 
 Our hearing aids may cause or contribute to adverse medical events that we are required to report to the FDA, and if we fail to do so, we would be subject to sanctions that could harm our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. The discovery of serious safety issues with our products, or a recall of our products either voluntarily or at the direction of the FDA or another governmental authority, could have a negative impact on us. 
 We are subject to the FDA s medical device reporting regulations and similar foreign regulations, which require us to report to the FDA when we receive or become aware of information that reasonably suggests that one or more of our hearing aids may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that, if the malfunction were to recur, it could cause or contribute to a death or serious injury. The timing of our obligation to report is triggered by the date we become aware of the adverse event as well as the nature of the event. We may fail to report adverse events of which we become aware within the prescribed timeframe. We may also fail to recognize that we have become aware of a reportable adverse event, especially if it is not reported to us as an adverse event or if it is an adverse event that is unexpected or removed in time from the initial use of the hearing aid device. If we fail to comply with our reporting obligations, the FDA could take action, including warning letters, untitled letters, administrative actions, criminal prosecution, imposition of civil monetary penalties, seizure of our products or, if premarket review is required in the future, delay in clearance of future products. 
 The FDA and foreign regulatory bodies have the authority to require the recall of commercialized medical device products in the event of material deficiencies or defects in design or manufacture of a product or in the event that a product poses an unacceptable risk to health. The FDA s authority to require a recall must be based on a finding that there is reasonable probability that the device could cause serious injury or death. We may also choose to voluntarily recall a product if any material deficiency is found. A government-mandated or voluntary recall by us could occur as a result of an unacceptable risk to health, component failures, malfunctions, manufacturing defects, labelling or design deficiencies, packaging defects or other deficiencies or failures to comply with applicable regulations. We cannot assure you that product defects or other errors will not occur in the future. Recalls involving our hearing aids could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Medical device manufacturers are required to maintain certain records of recalls and corrections, even if they are not reportable to the FDA. We may initiate voluntary withdrawals or corrections for our hearing aid devices in the future that we determine do not require notification of the FDA. If the FDA disagrees with our determinations, it could require us to report those actions as recalls and we may be subject to enforcement action. A future recall announcement could harm our reputation with customers, potentially lead to product liability claims against us and negatively affect our sales. 
 38 

We must manufacture our products in accordance with federal and state regulations, and we could be forced to recall our products or terminate production if we fail to comply with these regulations. 
 The methods used in, and the facilities used for, the manufacture of our hearing aid devices must comply with the FDA s QSR, which is a complex regulatory scheme that covers the procedures and documentation of the design, testing, production, process controls, quality assurance, labelling, packaging, handling, storage, distribution, servicing and shipping of medical devices. Furthermore, we are required to verify that our suppliers maintain facilities, procedures and operations that comply with our quality and applicable regulatory requirements. The FDA enforces the QSR through periodic announced or unannounced inspections of medical device manufacturing facilities, which may include the facilities of subcontractors, and such inspections can result in warning letters, untitled letters and other regulatory communications and adverse publicity. Our hearing aid devices are also subject to similar state regulations and various laws and regulations of foreign countries governing manufacturing. 
 We cannot guarantee that we or any subcontractors will take the necessary steps to comply with applicable regulations, which could cause delays in the manufacture and delivery of our products. In addition, failure to comply with applicable FDA requirements or later discovery of previously unknown problems with our products or manufacturing processes could result in, among other things: 
 fines, injunctions or civil penalties; 

suspension or withdrawal of future clearances or approvals; 

refusal to clear or approve pending applications; 

seizures or recalls of our products; 

total or partial suspension of production or distribution; 

administrative or judicially imposed sanctions; 

refusal to permit the import or export of our products; and 

criminal prosecution. 

Any of these actions could significantly and negatively impact supply of our products. If any of these events occurs, our reputation could be harmed, we could be exposed to product liability claims and we could lose customers and suffer reduced revenue and increased costs. 
 We are subject to numerous state and local hearing aid and licensure laws and regulations as well as state laws regulating the corporate practice of audiology or fee splitting, and non-compliance with these laws and regulations may expose us to significant costs or liabilities and negatively impact our business, financial condition and ability to operate in those states. 
 We are subject to numerous state and local hearing aid laws and regulations relating to, among other matters, licensure and registration of audiologists and other individuals we employ or contract with to provide services and dispense hearing aids. Many states also have laws that regulate the corporate practice of audiology, including exercising control, interfering with or influencing an audiologist or other hearing care specialist s professional judgment and entering into certain financial arrangements, such as splitting professional fees with audiologists. Other state and local laws and regulations require us to maintain warranty and return policies for consumers allowing for the return of product and restrict advertising and marketing practices. These state and local laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time; additionally, these laws and their interpretations vary from state to state and are enforced by state courts and regulatory authorities, each with broad discretion. 
 The FDCA preempts state laws relating to the safety and efficacy of medical devices and state laws that are different from or in addition to federal requirements. In addition, under FDARA, the OTC Final Rule preempts any state or local requirement specifically related to hearing products that would restrict or interfere with commercial activity involving OTC hearing aids. However, the FDA made clear in its rulemaking that although a state or local government may not require the order, involvement, or intervention of a licensed person for consumers to access OTC hearing aids, any person representing as a defined professional or establishment remains subject to applicable state and local requirements, even if the person undertakes commercial or professional activities only in relation to OTC hearing aids. Our ability to operate profitably will depend, in part, on our ability to obtain and maintain any necessary licenses and other approvals and operate in compliance with applicable state laws and regulations. A determination that we are in violation of applicable laws and regulations in any jurisdiction in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on us, particularly if we are unable to restructure our operations and arrangements to comply with the requirements of that jurisdiction, if we are required to restructure our operations and arrangements, including those with our audiologists and other licensed professionals, at a significant cost, or if we are subject to penalties or other adverse action. 
 Applicable federal laws and regulations continue to evolve. In addition to the changes under the OTC Final Rule, the Biden Executive Order July 9, 2021 instructed the FTC to review overly restrictive occupational licensing requirements that may impede the ability for licensed individuals to move between states. We cannot predict the impact on our business of new or amended laws or regulations or any changes in the way existing and future laws and regulations are interpreted or enforced, nor can we ensure we will be able to 
 39 

obtain or maintain any required licenses or permits. See the Risk Factor titled, Changes in the regulatory landscape for hearing aid devices could materially impact our direct-to-consumer business model and lead to increased regulatory requirements, and we may be required to seek additional clearance or approval for our products. 
 We may face risks related to any future international sales, including the need to obtain necessary foreign regulatory clearance or approvals. 
 Sales of our products outside the United States will subject us to foreign regulatory requirements that vary widely from country to country. The time required to obtain clearances or approvals required by other countries may be longer than that required for FDA clearance or approval, and requirements for such approvals may differ from FDA requirements. We may be unable to obtain regulatory approvals and may also incur significant costs in attempting to obtain foreign regulatory approvals. If we experience delays in receipt of approvals to market our products in new jurisdictions, or if we fail to receive these approvals, we may be unable to market our products in international markets in a timely manner, if at all, which could materially impact our international expansion and adversely affect our business as a whole. Some international regulations may also limit the availability of our hearing aids to customers in certain jurisdictions without our first obtaining a license or engaging a third party to provide such financing, or limit the financing options we can offer our customers. If any of these risks were to materialize, they could limit our expected international expansion opportunities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Regulations in certain foreign countries may challenge our direct-to-consumer sales model. 
 Our business may also be affected by actions of domestic and foreign governments to restrict the activities of direct-to-consumer companies for various reasons, including a limitation on the ability of direct-to-consumer companies to operate without the involvement of a traditional retail channel. To the extent that we begin to offer our products in international markets, foreign governments may also introduce other forms of protectionist legislation, such as limitations or requirements on where the products can or must be produced or requirements that non-domestic companies doing or seeking to do business place a certain percentage of ownership of legal entities in the hands of local nationals to protect the commercial interests of its citizens. Customs laws, tariffs, import duties, export and import quotas and restrictions on repatriation of foreign earnings and/or other methods of accessing cash generated internationally, may negatively affect our local or corporate operations. Additionally, the U.S. government may impose restrictions on our ability to engage in business in other countries in connection with the foreign policy of the United States. Any such restrictions on our direct-to-consumer sales model in international jurisdictions could limit our ability to grow internationally, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our success depends in part on our proprietary technology, and if we are unable to obtain, maintain or successfully enforce our intellectual property rights, the commercial value of our products and services will be adversely affected and our competitive position may be harmed. 
 Our success and ability to compete depend in part on our ability to maintain and enforce existing intellectual property and to obtain, maintain and enforce further intellectual property protection for our products and services, both in the United States and in other countries. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as licensing agreements and third-party confidentiality and assignment agreements. Our inability to do so could harm our competitive position. As of December 31, 2022, we had 26 issued U.S. patents, 26 patents outside the United States, 9 pending U.S. patent applications and 12 pending foreign patent applications. 
 We rely on our portfolio of issued and pending patent applications in the United States and other countries to protect our intellectual property and our competitive position. However, the patent positions of medical device companies, including our patent position, may involve complex legal and factual questions, and, therefore, the scope, validity and enforceability of any patent claims that we may obtain cannot be predicted with certainty. Accordingly, we cannot provide any assurances that any of our issued patents have, or that any of our currently pending or future patent applications that mature into issued patents will include, claims with a scope sufficient to protect our products and services. Our pending and future patent applications may not result in the issuance of patents or, if issued, may not issue in a form that will be advantageous to us. While we generally apply for patents in those countries where we intend to make, have made, use or sell patented products, we may not accurately predict all of the countries where patent protection will ultimately be desirable. If we fail to timely file for a patent, we may be precluded from doing so at a later date. Additionally, any patents issued to us may be challenged, narrowed, invalidated, held unenforceable or circumvented, or may not be sufficiently broad to prevent third parties from producing competing products similar in design to our products. 
 Changes in either patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property or narrow the scope of our patent protection, which in turn could diminish the commercial value of our products and services. In addition, any protection afforded by foreign patents may be more limited than that provided under U.S. patent and intellectual property laws. There can be no assurance that any of our patents, any patents licensed to us or any patents which we may be issued in the future will provide us with a competitive advantage or afford us protection against infringement by others, or that the patents will not be successfully challenged or circumvented by third parties, including our competitors. Further, there can be no assurance that we will have adequate resources to enforce our patents. 
 40 

In addition, from time to time we engage international consultants, contractors and other specialists to assist in our research and development activities. Certain of these third parties may operate in jurisdictions where it is difficult or impossible for us to assert our intellectual property rights in case of infringement or theft, either as a statutory or practical matter. We have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, various contractual relationships with third parties outside the United States in connection with the development of our products, which may expose our technology and intellectual property to a heightened risk of unauthorized use or theft. 
 Any of the foregoing risks, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our competitive position may be harmed. 
 We rely on our trademarks, trade names and brand names to distinguish our products from the products of our competitors, and have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks. There can be no assurance that our trademark applications will be approved. Third parties may also oppose our trademark applications or otherwise challenge our use of the trademarks. In the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our products, which could result in loss of brand recognition, and could require us to devote resources to advertising and marketing new brands. Further, there can be no assurance that competitors will not infringe our trademarks or that we will have adequate resources to enforce our trademarks. We also license third parties to use our trademarks. In an effort to preserve our trademark rights, we enter into license agreements with these third parties, which govern the use of our trademarks and require our licensees to abide by quality control standards with respect to the goods and services that they provide under our trademarks. Although we make efforts to monitor the use of our trademarks by our licensees, there can be no assurance that these efforts will be sufficient to ensure that our licensees abide by the terms of their licenses. In the event that our licensees fail to do so, our trademark rights could be diluted. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 
 Third parties, including our competitors, could be infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property rights. While we are not aware of any unauthorized use of our intellectual property, we do not regularly conduct monitoring for unauthorized use at this time. In the future, we may from time to time, seek to analyze our competitors products and services, or seek to enforce our rights against potential infringement, misappropriation or violation of our intellectual property. However, the steps we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be adequate to enforce our rights as against such infringement, misappropriation or violation of our intellectual property. We may not be able to detect unauthorized use of, or take appropriate steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights. Any inability to meaningfully enforce our intellectual property rights could harm our ability to compete and reduce demand for our products and services. 
 We may in the future become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could harm our business. In any lawsuit we bring to enforce our intellectual property rights, a court may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on grounds that our intellectual property rights do not cover the technology in question. If we initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering a product, the defendant could counterclaim that such patent is invalid or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness, or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. Mechanisms for such challenges include re-examination, post-grant review, inter partes review, interference proceedings, derivation proceedings, and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions e.g. , opposition proceedings). Such proceedings could result in the revocation of, cancellation of, or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover our products, or any future products that we may develop. 
 The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a third party were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on our products. Such a loss of patent protection would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearing, motions, or other interim developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of shares of our common stock. Even if we ultimately prevail, a court may decide not to grant an injunction against further infringing activity and instead award only monetary damages, which may not be an adequate remedy. Furthermore, the monetary cost of such litigation and the diversion of the attention of our management could outweigh any 
 41 

benefit we receive as a result of the proceedings. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 If we infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of third parties or are subject to an intellectual property infringement or misappropriation claim, our ability to grow our business may be severely limited and our business could be adversely affected. 
 We may in the future be the subject of patent or other litigation. Our products and services may infringe, or third parties may claim that they infringe, intellectual property rights covered by patents or patent applications under which we do not hold licenses or other rights. Third parties may own or control these patents and patent applications in the United States and abroad. These third parties could bring claims against us that would cause us to incur substantial expenses and, if successfully asserted against us, could cause us to pay substantial damages. Further, if a patent infringement or other intellectual property-related lawsuit were brought against us, we could be forced to stop or delay production or sales of the product that is the subject of the suit. From time to time, we have received and may in the future receive letters from third parties drawing our attention to their patent rights. While we take steps to ensure that we do not infringe upon, misappropriate or otherwise violate the rights of others, there may be other more pertinent rights of which we are presently unaware. The defense and prosecution of intellectual property lawsuits could result in substantial expense to us and significant diversion of effort by our technical and management personnel. An adverse determination of any litigation or interference proceeding to which we may become a party could subject us to significant liabilities. As a result of patent infringement claims, or in order to avoid potential claims, we may choose or be required to seek a license from the third party and be required to pay significant license fees, royalties or both. Licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, in which event our business would be materially and adversely affected. Even if we were able to obtain a license, the rights may be nonexclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. Ultimately, if we are unable to obtain such licenses, we could be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations, which could harm our business significantly. 
 Changes in U.S. patent laws may limit our ability to obtain, defend and/or enforce our patents. 
 Any patent reform legislation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. For example, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (the Leahy-Smith Act included a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. These include provisions that affected the way patent applications are prosecuted and also affect patent litigation. The USPTO developed regulations and procedures to govern administration of the Leahy-Smith Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith Act, and in particular, the first to file provisions, which became effective on March 16, 2013. The first to file provisions limit the rights of an inventor to patent an invention if not the first to file an application for patenting that invention, even if such invention was the first invention. Accordingly, it is not clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act will have on the operation of our business. 
 However, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the enforcement and defense of our issued patents. For example, the Leahy-Smith Act provides that an administrative tribunal known as the Patent Trial and Appeals Board PTAB provides a venue for challenging the validity of patents at a cost that is much lower than district court litigation and on timelines that are much faster. Although it is not clear what, if any, long-term impact the PTAB proceedings will have on the operation of our business, the initial results of patent challenge proceedings before the PTAB since its inception in 2013 have resulted in the invalidation of many U.S. patent claims. The availability of the PTAB as a lower-cost, faster and potentially more potent tribunal for challenging patents could increase the likelihood that our own patents will be challenged, thereby increasing the uncertainties and costs of maintaining and enforcing them. 
 We may be subject to claims that we or our employees have misappropriated the intellectual property of a third party, including trade secrets or know-how, or are in breach of non-competition or non-solicitation agreements with our competitors and third parties may claim an ownership interest in intellectual property we regard as our own. 
 Many of our employees and consultants were previously employed at or engaged by other medical device companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Some of these employees, consultants and contractors may have executed proprietary rights, non-disclosure and non-competition agreements in connection with such previous employment. Although we try to ensure that our employees and consultants do not use the intellectual property, proprietary information, know-how or trade secrets of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these individuals have, inadvertently or otherwise, misappropriated the intellectual property or disclosed the alleged trade secrets or other proprietary information, of these former employers, competitors or other third parties. Additionally, we may be subject to claims from third parties challenging our ownership interest in or inventorship of intellectual property we regard as our own, based on claims that our agreements with employees or consultants obligating them to assign intellectual property to us are ineffective or in conflict with prior or competing contractual obligations to assign inventions to another employer, to a former employer, or to another person or entity. Litigation may be necessary to defend against claims, and it may be necessary or we may desire to enter into a license to settle any such claim; however, there can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain a license on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If our defense to those claims fails, in addition to paying monetary damages or a settlement payment, a court could prohibit us from using technologies, features or other intellectual property 
 42 

that are essential to our products, if such technologies or features are found to incorporate or be derived from the trade secrets or other proprietary information of the former employers. An inability to incorporate technologies, features or other intellectual property that are important or essential to our products could have a material adverse effect on our business and competitive position, and may prevent us from selling our products. In addition, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and could be a distraction to management. Any litigation or the threat thereof may adversely affect our ability to hire employees or contract with independent sales representatives. A loss of key personnel or their work product could hamper or prevent our ability to commercialize our products, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows and prospects. 
 If we fail to execute invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors involved in the development of intellectual property or are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, the value of our products and our business and competitive position could be harmed. 
 In addition to patent protection, we also rely on protection of copyright, trade secrets, know-how and confidential and proprietary information. We generally enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties upon their commencement of a relationship with us. However, we may not enter into such agreements with all employees, consultants and third parties who have been involved in the development of our intellectual property. In addition, these agreements may not provide meaningful protection against the unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets or other confidential information, and adequate remedies may not exist if unauthorized use or disclosure were to occur. The exposure of our trade secrets and other proprietary information would impair our competitive advantages and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In particular, a failure to protect our proprietary rights may allow competitors to copy our technology, which could adversely affect our pricing and market share. Further, other parties may independently develop substantially equivalent know-how and technology. 
 In addition to contractual measures, we try to protect the confidential nature of our proprietary information using commonly accepted physical and technological security measures. Such measures may not, for example, in the case of misappropriation of a trade secret by an employee or third party with authorized access, provide adequate protection for our proprietary information. Our security measures may not prevent an employee or consultant from misappropriating our trade secrets and providing them to a competitor, and recourse we take against such misconduct may not provide an adequate remedy to protect our interests fully. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to copy or reverse engineer certain aspects of our products that we consider proprietary. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. Even though we use commonly accepted security measures, trade secret violations are often a matter of state law, and the criteria for protection of trade secrets can vary among different jurisdictions. In addition, trade secrets may be independently developed by others in a manner that could prevent legal recourse by us. We also have agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties that obligate them to assign their inventions to us; however, these agreements may not be self-executing, not all employees or consultants may enter into such agreements, or employees or consultants may breach or violate the terms of these agreements, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach or violation. If any of our intellectual property or confidential or proprietary information, such as our trade secrets, were to be disclosed or misappropriated, or if any such information was independently developed by a competitor, it could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 We may be unable to enforce our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 The laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. This could make it difficult for us to stop infringement of our foreign patents, if obtained, or the misappropriation of our other intellectual property rights. For example, some foreign countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner must grant licenses to third parties. In addition, some countries limit the enforceability of patents against third parties, including government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, patents may provide limited or no benefit. Patent protection must ultimately be sought on a country-by-country basis, which is an expensive and time-consuming process with uncertain outcomes. Accordingly, we may choose not to seek patent protection in certain countries, and we will not have the benefit of patent protection in such countries. 
 Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. Accordingly, our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate. In addition, changes in the law and legal decisions by courts in the United States and foreign countries may affect our ability to obtain adequate protection for our technology and the enforcement of our intellectual property. 
 Actual or perceived failures to comply with applicable data privacy and security laws, regulations, policies, standards, contractual obligations and other requirements related to data privacy and security and changes to such laws, regulations, standards, policies and contractual obligations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 43 

The global data protection landscape is rapidly evolving, and there has been an increasing focus on privacy and data protection issues with the potential to affect our business. We are or may become subject to numerous state, federal and foreign laws, requirements and regulations governing the collection, transmission, use, disclosure, storage, retention and security of personal and personally-identifying information, such as information that we may collect in connection with conducting our business in the United States and abroad. Implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future, and we cannot yet determine the impact future laws, regulations, standards or perception of their requirements may have on our business. This evolution may create uncertainty in our business, affect our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions or to collect, store, transfer use and share personal information, necessitate the acceptance of more onerous obligations in our contracts, result in liability or impose additional costs on us. The cost of compliance with these laws, regulations and standards is high and is likely to increase in the future. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with federal, state or foreign laws or regulation, our internal policies and procedures or our contracts governing our processing of personal information could result in negative publicity, government investigations and enforcement actions, fines, imprisonment of company officials and public censure, claims by third parties, damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including protected health information PHI ), personally identifiable information PII ), intellectual property and proprietary business information owned or controlled by ourselves or our customers, third-party payors and other parties. We also collect and store sensitive data of our employees and contractors. We manage and maintain our applications and data utilizing cloud-based data centers for PII. We utilize external security and infrastructure vendors to manage parts of our data centers. 
 As our operations and business grow, we are and may become subject to or affected by new or additional data protection laws and regulations and face increased scrutiny or attention from regulatory authorities. In the United States, HIPAA establishes, among other things, privacy and security standards that limit the use and disclosure of PHI, and imposes certain obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of PHI by covered entities, such as health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and healthcare providers, as well as their business associates that perform certain services involving the use or disclosure of PHI, and their covered subcontractors. HIPAA requires covered entities and their business associates to develop and maintain certain policies and procedures with respect to PHI that is used or disclosed. Further, in the event of a breach of unsecured protected health information, HIPAA requires covered entities to notify each individual whose PHI is breached as well as federal regulators and, in some cases, the media. Certain states have also adopted comparable privacy and security laws and regulations, some of which may be more stringent than HIPAA. Such laws and regulations will be subject to interpretation by various courts and other governmental authorities, thus creating potentially complex compliance issues for us and our future customers and strategic partners. Determining whether protected health information has been handled in compliance with applicable privacy standards and our contractual obligations can be complex and may be subject to changing interpretation. If we are unable to properly protect the privacy and security of PHI, we could be found to have breached our contracts. Further, if we fail to comply with applicable privacy laws, including applicable privacy and security standards, we could face civil and criminal penalties. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS ), has the discretion to impose penalties without attempting to resolve violations through informal means. HHS enforcement activity can result in financial liability and reputational harm, and responses to such enforcement activity can consume significant internal resources, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 In addition, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which took effect on January 1, 2020, creates individual privacy rights for California consumers and increases the privacy and security obligations of entities handling certain personal information. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation. Further, the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA ), which generally went into effect on January 1, 2023, imposes additional data protection obligations on covered businesses, including additional consumer rights processes, limitations on data uses, new audit requirements for higher risk data, and opt outs for certain uses of sensitive data. It also created a new California data protection agency authorized to issue substantive regulations and could result in increased privacy and information security enforcement. The CCPA and CPRA may increase our compliance costs and potential liability, and many similar laws have been proposed at the federal level and in other states. In the event that we are subject to or affected by HIPAA, the CCPA, the CPRA or other domestic privacy and data protection laws, any liability from failure to comply with the requirements of these laws could adversely affect our financial condition. Similar laws have passed in Virginia, Connecticut, Colorado and Utah, and have been proposed in other states and at the federal level, reflecting a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States. The enactment of such laws could have potentially conflicting requirements that would make compliance challenging. We may need to invest substantial resources in putting in place policies and procedures to comply with these evolving state laws. 
 In addition, state attorneys general are authorized to bring civil actions seeking either injunctions or damages in response to violations that threaten the privacy of state residents. We cannot be sure how these regulations will be interpreted, enforced or applied to our operations. In addition to the risks associated with enforcement activities and potential contractual liabilities, our ongoing efforts to comply with evolving laws and regulations at the federal and state level may be costly and require ongoing modifications to our policies, procedures and systems. 
 44 

Data protection laws are evolving globally and may add additional compliance costs and legal risks to our operations. We are subject to the GDPR, which went into effect in May 2018 and which imposes obligations on companies that operate in our industry with respect to the processing of personal data and the cross-border transfer of such data. The GDPR imposes onerous accountability obligations requiring data controllers and processors to maintain a record of their data processing and policies. If our or our partners or service providers privacy or data security measures fail to comply with the GDPR requirements, we may be subject to litigation, regulatory investigations, enforcement notices requiring us to change the way we use personal data and/or fines of up to 20 million Euros or up to 4 of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher, as well as compensation claims by affected individuals, negative publicity, reputational harm and a potential loss of business and goodwill. Further, as of January 1, 2021, impacted companies have to comply with the GDPR and the UK GDPR, which, together with the amended UK Data Protection Act 2018, retains the GDPR in UK national law, the latter regime having the ability to separately fine up to the greater of 17.5 million or 4 of global turnover. While we continue to address the implications of the recent changes to European data privacy regulations, data privacy remains an evolving landscape at both the domestic and international level, with new regulations coming into effect and continued legal challenges, and our efforts to comply with the evolving data protection rules may be unsuccessful. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our practices. Accordingly, we must devote significant resources to understanding and complying with this changing landscape. 
 Although we work to comply with applicable laws, regulations and standards, our contractual obligations and other legal obligations, these requirements are evolving and may be modified, interpreted and applied in an inconsistent manner from one jurisdiction to another, and may conflict with one another or other legal obligations with which we must comply. Any failure or perceived failure by us or our employees, representatives, contractors, consultants or other third parties to comply with such requirements or adequately address privacy and security concerns, even if unfounded, could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, negative publicity, loss of goodwill and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. 
 Failure to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, economic and trade sanctions regulations and similar laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 
 We are subject to the FCPA and similar regulations in other countries, as well as other laws in the United States and elsewhere that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Certain suppliers of our product components are located in countries known to experience corruption. Business activities in these countries create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of our employees, contractors or agents that could be in violation of various laws, including the FCPA and anti-bribery laws in these countries, even though these parties are not always subject to our control. While we have implemented policies and procedures designed to discourage these practices by our employees, consultants and agents and to identify and address potentially impermissible transactions under such laws and regulations, we cannot assure you that all of our employees, consultants and agents will not take actions in violation of our policies, for which we may be ultimately responsible. 
 We are also subject to certain economic and trade sanctions programs that are administered by the Department of Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control which prohibit or restrict transactions to or from or dealings with specified countries, their governments and in certain circumstances, their nationals, and with individuals and entities that are specially designated nationals of those countries, narcotics traffickers and terrorists or terrorist organizations. 
 Failure to comply with any of these laws and regulations or changes in this regulatory environment, including changing interpretations and the implementation of new or varying regulatory requirements by the government, may result in significant financial penalties or reputational harm, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks relating to our common stock 
 We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and entity level controls. If our remediation of the material weaknesses is not effective, or if we experience additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls in the future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
 In connection with the preparation of our financial statements at the time of our IPO and through the financial reporting period ended December 31, 2022, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and our entity level controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal controls such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 With respect to the material weakness related to internal control over financial reporting, we have implemented, and are in the process of reviewing corrective actions taken to improve our internal control over financial reporting to remediate this material weakness, 
 45 

including (i) the hiring of additional qualified supervisory resources and finance department employees, and (ii) the engagement of additional technical accounting consulting resources. 
 With respect to the material weakness related to entity level controls related to a lack of sufficient qualified healthcare industry compliance and risk management resources, including those necessary to provide appropriate oversight, monitor compliance, and to identify and mitigate risks with respect to the financial reporting and disclosures of our operations, we have expended, and intend to continue to expend, considerable time and effort to enhance our compliance and risk management processes with respect to our operations in the healthcare industry to remediate this material weakness, including the hiring of additional qualified personnel, and the engagement of additional specialized consulting resources. 
 We cannot assure you that the measures we intend to take will be sufficient to remediate the material weaknesses we have identified or avoid potential future material weaknesses. While we believe that our efforts will enhance our internal control, remediation of the material weaknesses will require further validation and testing of the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over a sustained period of financial reporting cycles, and we cannot assure you that we have identified all, or that we will not in the future have additional, material weaknesses. 
 If we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, we may not be able to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
 We are subject to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404, and the related rules of the SEC, which generally require our management to furnish a report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The process of designing, implementing and testing the internal control over financial reporting required to comply with this obligation is time-consuming, costly and complicated. If we fail to remediate identified material weaknesses or identify additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, if we are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner, or if we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could also become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our common stock is listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. Because we re-qualified as a smaller reporting company and we have less than 100 million in annual revenue, we are a non-accelerated filer and are no longer required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act until we become an accelerated filer or large accelerated filer. These exemptions and reduced disclosures in our SEC filings due to our status as a smaller reporting company may make it harder for investors to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or products. 
 Since our inception, our operations have been financed primarily by net proceeds from the sale of our convertible preferred stock and common stock, indebtedness and revenue from the sales of our products. We anticipate our future capital requirements will be substantial and that we will need to raise significant additional capital to fund our operations through equity or debt financing, or some combination thereof. 
 If we are unable to raise additional funding to meet our operational needs, we will be forced to limit or cease our operations. We regularly consider fundraising opportunities and may decide, from time to time, to raise capital based on various factors, including market conditions and our plans of operation. We may seek funds through borrowings or through additional rounds of financing, including private or public equity or debt offerings. Additional capital may not be available to us on acceptable terms on a timely basis, or at all. If adequate funds are not available, or if the terms of potential funding sources are unfavorable, our business and our ability to develop our technology and our products would be harmed. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may suffer dilution and the terms of any financing may adversely affect the rights of our stockholders. In addition, as a condition to providing additional funds to us, future investors may demand, and may be granted, rights superior to those of existing stockholders. Debt financing, if available, is likely to involve restrictive covenants limiting our flexibility in conducting future business activities, and, in the event of insolvency, debt holders would be repaid before holders of our equity securities receive any distribution of our corporate assets. We also could be required to seek funds through arrangements with partners or others that may require us to relinquish rights or jointly own some aspects of our technologies or products that we would otherwise pursue on our own. 
 46 

We incur significantly increased costs and are subject to additional regulations and requirements as a result of becoming a public company, which could lower our profits or make it more difficult to run our business. 
 As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company, including costs associated with public company reporting requirements. We also have incurred and will continue to incur costs associated with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and related rules implemented by the SEC and the exchange our securities are listed on. The expenses generally incurred by public companies for reporting and corporate governance purposes have been increasing. We expect these rules and regulations to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly, although we are currently unable to estimate these costs with any degree of certainty. These laws and regulations also could make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. These laws and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, on our board committees or as our executive officers. Furthermore, if we are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company, we could be subject to delisting of our common stock, fines, sanctions, other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation. 
 If our operating and financial performance in any given period does not meet any guidance that we provide to the public, the market price of our common stock may decline. 
 Any public guidance we provided regarding our expected operating and financial results for future periods is comprised of forward-looking statements subject to the risks and uncertainties described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other public filings and public statements. Our actual results may not always be in line with or exceed any guidance we provide, especially in times of economic uncertainty. If our operating or financial results for a particular period do not meet any guidance we provide or the expectations of investment analysts, or if we reduce our guidance for future periods, the market price of our common stock may decline. In September 2021, we withdrew our financial guidance for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of uncertainties arising with respect to the DOJ investigation and claims audits (see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits for more information). While we have since provided some limited financial guidance, we cannot be certain if or when we will resume providing more fulsome financial guidance. 
 Our principal stockholder, an entity affiliated with Patient Square, owns a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our principal stockholder, an entity affiliated with Patient Square, held approximately 76.3 of our outstanding voting stock. As a result of this ownership position, Patient Square may be able to determine all matters requiring stockholder approval. For example, Patient Square may be able to control elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, or approval of any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our common stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. 
 We have no current plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock; as a result, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell your common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not currently intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and expansion of our business. Any future determination related to dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend upon, among other factors, our results of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions and capital requirements. Additionally, our ability to pay cash dividends on our common stock may be limited by the terms of any future debt or preferred securities we issue or any future credit facilities we enter into. As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in our common stock unless you sell your common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 We are a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules and, as a result, qualify for, and rely on, certain exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. 
 Patient Square controls a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. As a result, we are a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards. A company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, a group or another company is a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, including: 
 the requirement that a majority of our board of directors consist of independent directors; 

the requirement that we have a nominating/corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; 

47 

the requirement that we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

We intend to rely on some or all of the exemptions listed above for so long as we are eligible to do so. To the extent we utilize these exemptions, we will not have a majority of independent directors and our nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees will not consist entirely of independent directors. As a result, our board of directors and those committees may have more directors who do not meet Nasdaq s independence standards than they would if those standards were to apply. The independence standards are intended to ensure that directors who meet those standards are free of any conflicting interest that could influence their actions as directors. Accordingly, our stockholders may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could cause our stock price to fall. 
 If our existing stockholders sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the trading price of our common stock could decline. On a post-reverse stock split basis, we had a total of 20,726,965 shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 Patient Square, which holds approximately 76.3 of our common stock, and maintains rights with respect to the registration of their shares under the Securities Act. On December 16, 2022, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-268859) to register for resale up to 15,821,299 shares held by Patient Square (as amended, the PSC Resale Registration Statement ), representing the entirety of Patient Square s holdings in the Company s common stock as of December 31, 2022. The PSC Resale Registration Statement became effective on February 13, 2023. Registration of these shares under the Securities Act has resulted in the shares becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act, except for shares purchased by affiliates. Any sales of these securities by Patient Square could have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock. 
 Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable and may lead to entrenchment of management. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent changes in control or changes in our management without the consent of our board of directors. These provisions include: 
 a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, which may delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors; 

no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 

the exclusive right of our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 

the ability of our board of directors to authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquiror; 

the ability of our board of directors to alter our amended and restated bylaws without obtaining stockholder approval; 

the required approval of at least 66 2 3 of the shares entitled to vote at an election of directors to adopt, amend or repeal our amended and restated bylaws or to repeal certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation; 

a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; 

the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by our board of directors, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; and 

advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquiror from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquiror s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 

We are also subject to the anti-takeover provisions contained in Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Under Section 203, a corporation may not, in general, engage in a business combination with any holder of 15 or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other exceptions, the board of directors has approved the transaction. 
 48 

Claims for indemnification by our directors, officers and other employees or agents may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. 
 In addition, as permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated bylaws and our indemnification agreements that we have entered into with our directors, officers and certain other employees provide that: 
 We will indemnify our directors and officers for serving us in those capacities or for serving other business enterprises at our request, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that a corporation may indemnify such person if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the registrant and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person s conduct was unlawful. 

We may, in our discretion, indemnify employees and agents in those circumstances where indemnification is permitted by applicable law. 

We are required to advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and officers in connection with defending a proceeding, except that such directors or officers shall undertake to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification. 

We will not be obligated pursuant to our amended and restated bylaws to indemnify a person with respect to proceedings initiated by that person against us or our other indemnitees, except with respect to proceedings authorized by our board of directors or brought to enforce a right to indemnification. 

The rights conferred in our amended and restated bylaws are not exclusive, and we are authorized to enter into indemnification agreements with our directors, officers, employees and agents and to obtain insurance to indemnify such persons. 

We may not retroactively amend our amended and restated bylaw provisions to reduce our indemnification obligations to directors, officers, employees and agents. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for certain disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware or other state courts of the State of Delaware) is the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided that, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction; and provided further that, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware dismisses any such action for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, such action may be brought in another state or federal court sitting in the State of Delaware. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws also provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action against us or any of our directors, officers, employees or agents and arising under the Securities Act. Nothing in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws precludes stockholders that assert claims under the Exchange Act from bringing such claims in state or federal court, subject to applicable law. 
 We believe these provisions may benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal securities laws by chancellors and judges, as applicable, particularly experienced in resolving corporate disputes, efficient administration of cases on a more expedited schedule relative to other forums and protection against the burdens of multi-forum litigation. However, this choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Furthermore, the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions, and there can be no assurance that such provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. If a court were to find the choice of forum provision that will be contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and 
 49 

restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 If securities analysts publish negative evaluations of our stock or stop publishing research or reports about our business, the price of our stock could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock relies in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. We currently have limited research coverage by financial analysts. Some of the analysts who previously covered the Company have discontinued coverage, and certain analysts have downgraded their evaluation of our stock. For example, certain of our analysts downgraded our common stock following our announcement of the DOJ investigation and claims audits (see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits ), which may have contributed to a significant decline in the price of our common stock. If any of the analysts who continue to cover or cover us in the future downgrade their evaluation of our common stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our common stock price may decline. If additional analysts cease to cover our stock, we could lose visibility in the market for our stock, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. 
 General risk factors 
 Engaging in acquisitions or strategic partnerships may increase our capital requirements, dilute our stockholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities and subject us to other risks. 
 As part of our business strategy, we may acquire companies or businesses, enter into strategic partnerships and joint ventures and make investments to further our business. Risks associated with these transactions include the following, any of which could adversely affect our revenue, gross margin, profitability, cash flows and financial condition: 
 increased operating expenses and cash requirements; 

the assumption of additional indebtedness or contingent liabilities; 

assimilation of operations, intellectual property and products of an acquired company, including difficulties associated with integrating new personnel; 

the diversion of our management s attention from our existing product programs and initiatives in pursuing such a strategic merger or acquisition; 

loss of key personnel, and uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business relationships; 

uncertainties associated with the other party to such a transaction, including the prospects of that party and their existing products or product candidates and regulatory approvals; 

our inability to generate revenue from acquired technology and/or products sufficient to meet our objectives in undertaking the acquisition or even to offset the associated acquisition and maintenance costs; and 

causing us to become subject to additional laws and regulations. 

In addition, in connection with these acquisitions or strategic partnerships, we may issue dilutive securities, assume or incur debt obligations, incur large one-time expenses and acquire intangible assets that could result in significant future amortization expense. Moreover, we may not be able to locate suitable acquisition or partnership opportunities, and even if we do locate such opportunities we may not be able to successfully bid for or obtain them due to competitive factors or lack of sufficient resources. This inability could impair our ability to grow or obtain access to technology or products that may be important to the development of our business. 
 We experience seasonality in our business, which may cause fluctuations in our financial results. 
 In the past we have experienced, and we may continue to experience, seasonality in our business, with higher sales volumes in quarters when we commercially launch new products and in the fourth calendar quarter as a result of holiday promotional activity. However, since our public disclosure of the DOJ investigation and our related decision to temporarily stop accepting insurance benefits as a method of direct payment between December 8, 2021 and September 15, 2022, we have experienced and may continue to experience a material decline in gross systems shipped. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits for more information. As a result, seasonal factors did not have a material impact on our results of operations for the three months and year ended December 31, 2022. Negative publicity, including in relation to the DOJ investigation, the claims audits, and other legal proceedings has and could continue to harm our reputation and brand and diminish consumer confidence in our products, which may further impact any seasonal trends in our business. 
 Because of these fluctuations, among other factors, it is possible that in future periods our operating results will fall below the expectations of securities analysts or investors, in which case the market price of our stock would likely decrease. These fluctuations, 
 50 

among other factors, also mean that our operating results in any particular period may not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. 
 Our effective tax rate may vary significantly from period to period. 
 Various internal and external factors may have favorable or unfavorable effects on our future effective tax rate. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes in tax laws both within and outside the United States, regulations and/or rates, structural changes in our business, new or changes to accounting pronouncements, non-deductible goodwill impairments, changing interpretations of existing tax laws or regulations, changes in the relative proportions of revenue and income before taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates, the future levels of tax benefits of equity-based compensation, changes in overall levels of pretax earnings or changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. Additionally, we could be challenged by state and local tax authorities as to the propriety of our sales tax compliance, and our results could be materially impacted by these compliance determinations. 
 In addition, our effective tax rate may vary significantly depending on our stock price. The tax effects of the accounting for share-based compensation may significantly impact our effective tax rate from period to period. In periods in which our stock price is higher than the grant price of the share-based compensation vesting in that period, we will recognize excess tax benefits that will decrease our effective tax rate. In periods in which our stock price is lower than the grant price of the share-based compensation vesting in that period, our effective tax rate may increase. The amount and value of share-based compensation issued relative to our earnings in a particular period will also affect the magnitude of the impact of share-based compensation on our effective tax rate. These tax effects are dependent on our stock price, which we do not control, and a decline in our stock price could significantly increase our effective tax rate and adversely affect our financial results. 
 We are subject to a number of risks related to the credit card and debit card payments we accept. 
 We accept payments through credit and debit card transactions. For credit and debit card payments, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time. An increase in those fees may require us to increase the prices we charge and would increase our operating expenses, either of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we or our processing vendors fail to maintain adequate systems for the authorization and processing of credit and debit card transactions, it could cause one or more of the major credit card companies to disallow our continued use of their payment products. In addition, if these systems fail to work properly and, as a result, we do not charge our customers credit or debit cards on a timely basis, or at all, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The payment methods that we offer also subject us to potential fraud and theft by criminals, who are becoming increasingly more sophisticated in exploiting weaknesses that may exist in the payment systems. If we fail to comply with applicable rules or requirements for the payment methods we accept, or if payment-related data is compromised due to a breach, we may be liable for significant costs incurred by payment card issuing banks and other third parties or subject to fines and higher transaction fees, or our ability to accept or facilitate certain types of payments may be impaired. In addition, our customers could lose confidence in certain payment types, which may result in a shift to other payment types or potential changes to our payment systems that may result in higher costs. If we fail to adequately control fraudulent credit card transactions, we may face civil liability, diminished public perception of our security measures and significantly higher card-related costs, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are also subject to payment card association operating rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it more difficult for us to comply. We are required to comply with payment card industry security standards. Failing to comply with those standards may violate payment card association operating rules, federal and state laws and regulations and the terms of our contracts with payment processors. Any failure to comply fully also may subject us to fines, penalties, damages and civil liability, and may result in the loss of our ability to accept credit and debit card payments. Further, there is no guarantee that such compliance will prevent illegal or improper use of our payment systems or the theft, loss or misuse of data pertaining to credit and debit cards, card holders and transactions. 
 If we are unable to maintain our chargeback rate or refund rates at acceptable levels, our processing vendor may increase our transaction fees or terminate its relationship with us. Any increases in our credit and debit card fees could harm our results of operations, particularly if we elect not to raise our rates for our products to offset the increase. The termination of our ability to process payments on any major credit or debit card would significantly impair our ability to operate our business. 
 Our information technology systems or those used by our third-party service providers, vendors, strategic partners or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches and other disruptions, which could result in a material disruption of our products and services development programs, compromise sensitive information related to our business or prevent us from 
 51 

accessing critical information, potentially exposing us to liability or otherwise adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We collect and maintain information in digital form that is necessary to conduct our business, and we are increasingly dependent on information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business, including our cloud-based infrastructure, mobile and web-based applications, our e-commerce platform and our enterprise software. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and personal information of customers and our employees and contractors. It is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. We have also outsourced elements of our information technology infrastructure, and as a result a number of third-party vendors may or could have access to our confidential information. We do not conduct audits or formal evaluations of our third-party vendors information technology systems and cannot be sure that our third-party vendors have sufficient measures in place to ensure the security and integrity of their information technology systems and our confidential and proprietary information. If our third-party vendors fail to protect their information technology systems and our confidential and proprietary information, we may be vulnerable to disruptions in service and unauthorized access to our confidential or proprietary information and we could incur liability and reputational damage. 
 Our information technology systems and those of our third-party service providers, vendors, strategic partners and other contractors or consultants are vulnerable to attack and damage or interruption from computer viruses and malware (e.g., ransomware), natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures, hacking, cyberattacks, phishing attacks and other social engineering schemes, malicious code, employee theft or misuse, denial or degradation of service attacks, sophisticated nation-state and nation-state-supported actors or unauthorized access or use by persons inside our organization, or persons with access to systems inside our organization. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyberattacks or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. Russia s invasion of Ukraine or another war of international dispute (such as, for example, any escalation in geopolitical turmoil between the People s Republic of China and Taiwan) may cause a general increase in the number and severity of such malicious incidents. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and continued hybrid working environment, we may also face increased cybersecurity risks due to our reliance on internet technology and the number of our employees who are working remotely, which may create additional opportunities for cybercriminals to exploit vulnerabilities. Furthermore, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, or to sabotage, systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. We may also experience security breaches that may remain undetected for an extended period. Even if identified, we may be unable to adequately investigate or remediate incidents or breaches due to attackers increasingly using tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent controls, to avoid detection, and to remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. 
 The costs to us to investigate and mitigate network security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs, ransomware, and security vulnerabilities could be significant, and while we have implemented security measures to protect our data security and information technology systems from system failure, accident and security breach, our efforts to address these problems may not be successful, and these problems could result in unexpected interruptions, delays, disruption of our development programs and our business operations, cessation of service, negative publicity and other harm to our business and our competitive position, whether due to a loss of our trade secrets or other proprietary information or other disruptions. We and certain of our vendors and service providers are from time to time subject to cyberattacks and security incidents. While we do not believe that we have experienced any significant system failure, accident or security breach to date, if we were to experience a significant breach of our information systems or data, the costs associated with the investigation, remediation and potential notification of the breach to counterparties and data subjects could be material. In addition, our remediation efforts may not be successful. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology and cybersecurity infrastructure, we could suffer significant business disruption, including transaction errors, supply chain or manufacturing interruptions, processing inefficiencies, data loss or the loss of or damage to intellectual property or other proprietary information. If such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations, whether due to a loss, corruption or unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets, personal information or other proprietary or sensitive information or other similar disruptions. 
 If a security breach or other incident were to result in the unauthorized access to or unauthorized use, disclosure, release or other processing of personal information, it may be necessary to notify individuals, governmental authorities, supervisory bodies, the media and other parties pursuant to applicable privacy and security laws. For example, the Company retains data that is subject to HIPAA, which contain specific security and notification requirements to which we must adhere. Any security compromise affecting us, our service providers, vendors, strategic partners, other contractors, consultants, or our industry, whether real or perceived, could harm our reputation, erode confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures and lead to regulatory scrutiny. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or systems, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary or personal information, we could incur liability, including litigation exposure, penalties and fines, we could become the subject of regulatory action or investigation, our competitive position could be harmed and the further development and commercialization of our products and services could be delayed. If such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our business. Furthermore, federal, state and international laws and regulations can expose us to enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities, and potentially result in regulatory penalties, fines and significant legal liability, if our information technology security efforts fail. We would also be exposed to a risk of loss or 
 52 

litigation and potential liability, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. Further, any losses, costs or liabilities may not be covered by, or may exceed the coverage limits of, any applicable insurance policies. 
 International trade disputes could result in tariffs and other protectionist measures that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Tariffs could increase the cost of our products and the raw materials that go into making them. These increased costs could adversely impact the gross margin that we earn on our products. Tariffs could also make our products more expensive for customers, which could make our products less competitive and reduce consumer demand. Countries may also adopt other protectionist measures that could limit our ability to offer our products. Political uncertainty surrounding international trade disputes and protectionist measures (including as a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the various sanctions and export controls being implemented by the international community against Russia, as well as any escalating geopolitical turmoil between the People s Republic of China and Taiwan) could also have a negative effect on consumer confidence and spending, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to continue to drive consumers to our website, it could cause our revenue to decrease. 
 Many consumers find our website by searching for hearing aid information through internet search engines or from word-of-mouth and personal recommendations. A critical factor in attracting visitors to our website is how prominently we are displayed in response to search queries. Accordingly, we use search engine marketing as a means to provide a significant portion of our customer acquisition. Search engine marketing includes both paid website visitor acquisition on a cost-per-click basis and visitor acquisition on an unpaid basis, often referred to as organic or algorithmic search. 
 One method we employ to acquire visitors via organic search is commonly known as search engine optimization SEO ). SEO involves developing our website in a way that enables the website to rank high for search queries for which our website s content may be relevant. We also rely heavily on favorable recommendations from our existing customers to help drive traffic to our website. If our website is listed less prominently or fails to appear in search result listings for any reason, it is likely that we will attract fewer visitors to our website, which could adversely affect our revenue. 
 Disruptions in internet access, or in cloud-based hosting services from certain third parties, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As an online business, we are dependent on the internet and maintaining connectivity between ourselves and consumers and sources of internet traffic, such as Google. As consumers increasingly turn to mobile devices, we also become dependent on consumers access to the internet through mobile carriers and their systems. Disruptions in internet access, whether generally, in a specific market or otherwise, especially if widespread or prolonged, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, the denial-of-service attack against Dyn in October 2016 resulted in a service outage for several major internet companies. It is possible that we could experience an interruption in our business, and we do not carry business interruption insurance sufficient to compensate us for all losses that may occur. 
 Additionally, we rely on third-party service providers to host our data and to provide services to key aspects of our operations, including production, logistics, delivery and customer services and databases as well as employee and payroll services. We do not control the operations, physical security, or data security of any of these third parties. Despite our efforts to use commercially reasonable diligence in the selection and retention of such third-party providers, such efforts may be insufficient or inadequate to prevent or remediate such risks. Our third-party providers, including our cloud computing providers, may be subject to intrusions, computer viruses, denial-of-service attacks, sabotage, acts of vandalism, acts of terrorism, and other misconduct. They are vulnerable to damage or interruption from power loss, telecommunications failures, fires, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, and similar events, and they may be subject to financial, legal, regulatory, and labor issues, each of which may impose additional costs or requirements on us or prevent these third parties from providing services to us or our customers on our behalf. 
 In addition, these third parties may breach their agreements with us, disagree with our interpretation of contract terms or applicable laws and regulations, refuse to continue or renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms or at all, fail to or refuse to process transactions or provide other services adequately, take actions that degrade functionality, increase prices, impose additional costs or requirements on us or our customers, or give preferential treatment to our competitors. If we are unable to procure alternatives in a timely and efficient manner and on acceptable terms, or at all, we may be subject to business disruptions, losses, or costs to remediate any of these deficiencies. The occurrence of any of the above events could result in reputational damage, legal or regulatory proceedings, or other adverse consequences, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 53 

Changes in the regulation of the internet could adversely affect our business. 
 Laws, rules and regulations governing internet communications, advertising and e-commerce are dynamic, and the extent of future government regulation is uncertain. Federal and state regulations govern various aspects of our online business, including intellectual property ownership and infringement, trade secrets, the distribution of electronic communications, marketing and advertising, user privacy and data security, search engines and internet tracking technologies. Future taxation on the use of the internet or e-commerce transactions could also be imposed. Existing or future regulation or taxation could increase our operating expenses and expose us to significant liabilities. To the extent any such regulations require us to take actions that negatively impact us, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in San Jose, California. We leased approximately 30,000 square feet of office and laboratory space pursuant to a lease agreement which was effective as of July 30, 2018 and expired on February 28, 2022. We entered into a new lease agreement in September 2021 for approximately 30,000 square feet of office and laboratory space, which we began using as our headquarters starting in February 2022. This lease expires on June 30, 2029 and we may renew the lease term for two additional 60-month periods. 
 We also lease approximately 9,327 square feet of office space, which is primarily used for our customer support operations, in Nashville, Tennessee, pursuant to a lease that expires on March 31, 2023. We believe that our existing facilities are adequate to meet our business requirements for the near-term, and that additional space will be available on commercially reasonable terms, if required. We entered into a new lease agreement in January 2023 for approximately 17,572 square feet of office space at a new location in Nashville, Tennessee, for which the lease term will commence on the later of (i) April 1, 2023 or (ii) the date of substantial completion of certain tenant improvements in accordance with the terms of the lease (the Commencement Date ). This lease will expire after a 76-month period following the Commencement Date. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 The information required to be set forth under this Item 3 is incorporated by reference to Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 54 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market information for common stock 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol EAR . Public trading of our common stock began on October 16, 2020. Prior to that, there was no public market for our common stock. 
 Stockholders 
 As of March 20, 2023, there were 67 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 
 Dividend policy 
 We have never declared or paid, and do not anticipate declaring or paying in the foreseeable future, any cash dividends on our common stock. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws and will depend on then existing conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects, and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans 
 The following table provides information on our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. Information is included for equity compensation plans approved by our stockholders. 

Name 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1)(2)(3) 

485,378 
 
 (4) 

82.08 
 
 (4) 

272,776 
 
 (5) 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

485,378 

82.08 

272,776 

(1) Consists of options and RSUs outstanding under our 2010 Equity Incentive Plan, 2020 Incentive Award Plan (the 2020 Plan ), and the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ), and shares available for issuance under our 2020 Plan and the ESPP. 

(2) The 2020 Plan contains an evergreen provision, pursuant to which the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance or transfer pursuant to awards under the 2020 Plan shall be increased on the first day of each year beginning in 2021 and ending in 2030 equal to the lesser of (A) five percent (5.0 of the shares of common stock outstanding (on an as-converted basis) on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year and (B) such smaller number of shares of stock as determined by our Board. 

(3) The ESPP contains an evergreen provision, pursuant to which the maximum number of shares of our common stock authorized for sale under the ESPP shall be increased on the first day of each year beginning in 2021 and ending in 2030, equal to the lesser of (A) one percent (1.0 of the shares of common stock outstanding (on an as-converted basis) on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year and (B) such number of shares of common stock as determined by our Board; provided, however, no more than 272,539 shares of our common stock may be issued thereunder. 

(4) Consists of 309,315 stock options and 176,063 RSUs. The weighted-average exercise price only applies to stock options. 

(5) Includes 66,378 shares available for future issuance under the ESPP. 

55 

Use of proceeds from public offering of common stock 
 On October 20, 2020, we completed our initial public offering (the IPO and issued 451,481 shares of our common stock, which includes an additional 58,888 shares of common stock purchased by the underwriters pursuant to their option to purchase additional shares, in each case, on a post-reverse stock split basis, at an initial offering price of 360.0 per share less underwriting discounts and commissions. We received net proceeds from the IPO of approximately 148.5 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of 11.4 million and offering costs of 2.6 million. None of the expenses associated with the IPO were paid to directors, officers, persons owning 10 or more of any class of equity securities, or to their associates. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and BofA Securities, Inc. acted as book-running managers for the IPO. 
 Shares of our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on October 16, 2020. The offer and sale of the shares were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-249075), which was declared effective on October 15, 2020. 
 All the proceeds from our IPO have been applied in the manner described in the related prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities Act. 
 Sales of unregistered securities 
 None. 
 Issuer purchases of equity securities 
 None. 
 Item 6. [Reserved]. 
 
 56 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements about us and our industry that involve substantial risks, uncertainties and assumptions. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this item, including statements regarding factors affecting our business, trends and uncertainties, are forward-looking statements. As a result of many factors, including those factors set forth in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should carefully read the Risk Factors to gain an understanding of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. 
 Overview 
 We are a medical device company dedicated to improving the quality of life of people with hearing loss. Our innovative products and go-to-market approach address the major challenges of traditional hearing aid adoption, including social stigma, accessibility and cost. 
 We believe our Eargo hearing aids are the first ever virtually invisible, rechargeable, completely in-the-canal, FDA-regulated devices indicated to compensate for mild to moderate hearing loss. Our rapid pace of innovation is enabled by our deep industry and technical expertise across mechanical engineering, product design, audio processing, clinical and hearing science, consumer electronics and embedded software design, and is supported by our strategic intellectual property portfolio. 
 We market and sell our hearing aids primarily in a direct-to-consumer format with a personalized, consumer-centric approach. Our commercial organization consists of a marketing team with deep experience in consumer-focused brand and performance marketing, a team of inside sales consultants, and a dedicated customer support team. 
 We believe that our differentiated hearing aids and consumer-oriented approach have fueled the rapid adoption of our hearing aids and high customer satisfaction, as evidenced by over 109,000 Eargo hearing aid systems shipped, net of returns, as of December 31, 2022. To date, all our revenue has been generated from customers in the United States. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated net revenue of 37.2 million, an increase of 5.1 million from the year ended December 31, 2021. Our gross systems shipped during the year ended December 31, 2022 were 24,247, compared to 45,136 during 2021. The decrease in shipment volume was largely driven by our decision to temporarily stop accepting insurance benefits as a method of direct payment between December 8, 2021 and September 15, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded adjustments that materially reduced net revenue as discussed in detail below under DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits. 
 Our net losses were 157.5 million, 157.8 million and 39.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of 514.3 million and 356.8 million, respectively. We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 101.2 million, which are available to fund operations. As of December 31, 2022, we had no debt outstanding. 
 DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits 
 As previously disclosed, on September 21, 2021, we were informed that we were the target of a criminal investigation by the DOJ related to insurance claims we submitted for reimbursement on behalf of our customers covered by various federal employee health plans under the Federal Employee Health Benefits FEHB program, which is administered by the Office of Personnel Management (the OPM ). The investigation also pertained to our role in claim submissions to federal employee health plans (collectively, the DOJ investigation ). Total payments the Company received from the government in relation to claims submitted under the FEHB program, as subject to the DOJ investigation, net of any product returns and associated refunds, were approximately 44.0 million. Also as previously disclosed, the third-party payor with whom historically we had the largest volume, which is one of the carriers contracted with the OPM under the FEHB program largest third-party payor ), conducted an audit of insurance claims for reimbursement claims submitted by us (the Primary Audit ), which included a review of medical records. We were informed by the third-party payor conducting the Primary Audit that the DOJ was the principal contact related to the subject matter of the Primary Audit. In addition to the Primary Audit, we have been subject to a number of other claims audits by additional third-party payors (collectively with the Primary Audit, the claims audits ). One of these claims audits did not relate to claims submitted under the FEHB program. On January 4, 2022, the DOJ confirmed to us that the investigation had been referred to the Civil Division of the DOJ and the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Northern District of Texas and the criminal investigation was no longer active. 
 On April 29, 2022, we entered into a civil settlement agreement with the U.S. government that resolved the previously disclosed DOJ investigation related to our role in claim submissions to various federal employee health plans under the FEHB program. We cooperated fully with the DOJ investigation. We deny the allegations in the settlement agreement, and the settlement is not an 
 57 

admission of liability by us. The allegations did not pertain to the quality or performance of our product. The settlement agreement provided for our payment of approximately 34.4 million to the U.S. government and resolved allegations that we submitted or caused the submission of claims for payment to the FEHB program using unsupported hearing loss-related diagnostic codes. As discussed further in Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, based on the settlement agreement with the U.S. government, we recorded a settlement liability of 34.4 million in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021. The settlement amount was recorded as a reduction of revenue in the third quarter of 2021. On May 2, 2022, we paid the settlement amount. 
 The settlement with the U.S. government may not resolve all of the claims audits initiated by various third-party payors, and additionally we remain subject to a prepayment review of claims by the payor who conducted the Primary Audit. 
 From the time we learned of the DOJ investigation and until December 8, 2021, we continued to process orders for customers with potential insurance benefits (including FEHB program members) but suspended all claims submission activities and offered affected customers i.e. , customers using insurance benefits as a method of direct payment for transactions prior to December 8, 2021) the option to return their hearing aids or purchase their hearing aids without the use of their insurance benefits in case their claim was denied or ultimately not submitted by us to their insurance plan for payment (the extended right of return ). 
 From December 8, 2021 until September 15, 2022, we did not accept insurance benefits as a method of direct payment. 
 We determined that customer transactions using insurance benefits as a method of direct payment occurring between September 21, 2021 (when we learned of the DOJ investigation) and December 8, 2021 (when we temporarily stopped accepting insurance benefits as a method of direct payment) did not meet the criteria for revenue recognition and, as a result, we did not recognize revenue for shipments within that timeframe to customers with potential insurance benefits, substantially all of whom were covered under the FEHB program. 
 We previously estimated that a majority of customers with unsubmitted claims would choose to return the hearing aid system if their insurance provider denied their claim or the claim was ultimately not submitted by us for payment, resulting in an increase in expected product returns from sales transactions that occurred prior to September 21, 2021 and recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. Returns associated with unsubmitted claims reduce the sales returns reserve, with a corresponding reduction in the related accounts receivable at the time the product is returned. 
 We also estimated that, in addition to the customers who chose to return their hearing aid systems, a significant number of customers whose claims were denied by payors or not submitted by us for payment would not pay for or return the hearing aid system, resulting in bad debt expense that was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made the determination not to seek payment for approximately 16.1 million from customers with unsubmitted and unpaid claims. We accounted for this decision as a pricing concession (the Pricing Concession and, during the year ended December 31, 2022 recorded a 16.1 million reduction to our insurance-related accounts receivable balance along with related reduction to net revenue of 11.6 million and an allowance for credit losses balance of 4.5 million for such unsubmitted and unpaid claims. Further, we simultaneously recorded a decrease in our insurance-related sales return reserve of 11.3 million, with a corresponding increase of 11.3 million to net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to unsubmitted and unpaid claims. These changes resulted in a decrease in net revenue of 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 On January 5, 2022, the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California consolidated three purported securities class actions brought against the Company (as consolidated, the Securities Class Action ). On May 20, 2022, the lead plaintiffs in the Securities Class Action filed a consolidated amended complaint, which generally alleges that certain of the Company s disclosures about its business, operations and prospects, including reimbursement from third-party payors, violated federal securities laws. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint on July 29, 2022. The Court granted the defendants motion to dismiss on February 14, 2023, and the plaintiffs have until March 16, 2023, to file a second amended complaint. 
 On August 4, 2022, the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California consolidated two verified shareholder derivative complaints brought against certain of our executive officers and current and former members of our board of directors (as consolidated, the Derivative Action ). The court stayed the consolidated Derivative Action until the resolution of the motion to dismiss the Securities Class Action. See Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 58 

As a result of the uncertainty created by the DOJ investigation and the claims audits, we took certain actions including, but not limited to: 
 We temporarily restricted our employees from selling Company common stock, ceased granting stock option awards and restricted stock unit RSUs that settle solely in Company common stock, suspended our 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP and temporarily paused the settlement of outstanding RSUs, in each case effective as of November 9, 2021 (collectively, the employee equity actions ). RSUs that vested on November 15, 2021 were settled for 0.1 million in cash during the first quarter of 2022. All RSUs that vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 were settled in shares during the reporting period. All outstanding equity awards continued and continue to vest in accordance with their existing vesting schedules. 

Our Board of Directors temporarily suspended the non-employee director compensation program with respect to the option awards that would otherwise have been awarded to non-employee directors automatically on the date of our annual meeting of stockholders held on November 9, 2021. In August 2022, our non-employee directors were granted options having an aggregate grant date fair value of 26.80 per share that vested in substantially equal monthly installments between November 9, 2021 and the date of the 2022 annual meeting of stockholders, and vested options remain outstanding and exercisable until the later of December 31, 2024 or 3 months following a termination of service. 

On December 7, 2021, we announced a plan to reduce our employee workforce to streamline our organization in response to declines in customer orders since we announced the investigation of the Company by the DOJ. We substantially completed the employee workforce reduction during the fourth quarter of 2021, resulting in a reduction of approximately 27 of our employee workforce, or approximately 90 people. 

On May 24, 2022, we announced a plan to reduce our employee workforce as part of our cost-cutting measures to reduce operating expenses and preserve capital. We substantially completed the employee workforce reduction during the second quarter of 2022, resulting in a reduction of approximately 17 of our employee workforce, or 44 people. 

Patient Square Capital Investment 
 On June 24, 2022, after reviewing all available alternatives to secure the funding needed to support our ongoing operations and pursuit of our business strategies, and a potential sale of the Company, we entered into an agreement (the Note Purchase Agreement with PSC Echo, LP (the PSC Stockholder ), an affiliate of Patient Square Capital Patient Square ), and Drivetrain Agency Services, LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent. Pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, we issued approximately 105.5 million in two tranches of senior secured convertible notes (the Notes and agreed to conduct a rights offering for an aggregate of 18.75 million shares of common stock to stockholders as of a record date determined by our Board, at an offering price of 10.0 per share of common stock (the Rights Offering ). Pursuant to the Rights Offering, which closed on November 23, 2022, we sold an aggregate of approximately 2.9 million shares to our existing stockholders, from which we received net proceeds of 27.6 million, and, in accordance with the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement, the Notes converted into 15,821,299 shares of our common stock (the Conversion Shares ), in each case, on a post-reverse stock split basis, representing approximately 76.3 of our outstanding common stock as of the date of conversion. 
 In connection with the Note Purchase Agreement, we had also entered into an Investors Rights Agreement with the PSC Stockholder, pursuant to which, among other things, the PSC Stockholder has the right to nominate a number of directors to our Board that is proportionate to the PSC Stockholder s ownership of the Company, rounded up to the nearest whole number (and which shall in no event be less than one). As a result, following the closing of the Rights Offering and the conversion of the Notes, the PSC Stockholder has the right to nominate six directors to our Board. The PSC Stockholder exercised its right to nominate three directors to the Board, Trit Garg, M.D., Karr Narula and Justin Sabet-Peyman, in December 2022. 
 As of March 20, 2023, the PSC Stockholder held 15,821,299 shares, representing approximately 76.3 of our outstanding common stock. As a result of Patient Square s ownership position, we are considered a controlled company within the meaning of the marketplace rules (the Listing Rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq and Patient Square may be able to determine all matters requiring stockholder approval. 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 On October 12, 2022, at our 2022 annual meeting of stockholders, our stockholders approved an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to effect a reverse stock split of our common stock, at a ratio in the range of 1-for-5 to 1-for-50, with such ratio to be determined by the Board. On January 11, 2023, we announced that the Board had approved a 1-for-20 reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split ), and on January 17, 2023, the Reverse Stock Split was effected. Our common stock began trading on a split-adjusted basis on January 18, 2023. All share and per share information presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split. 
 59 

Factors affecting our business 
 Our business priorities include: (i) accessing insurance coverage for Eargo hearing aids, including potentially regaining insurance coverage of Eargo hearing aids for government employees under the FEHB program; (ii) refining and expanding our retail strategy; (iii) optimizing our cash-pay business; and (iv) continuing to invest in innovation. We believe that our future performance will depend on many factors, including those described below and in the section titled Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our direct-to-consumer and omni-channel business model 
 We sell our hearing aids primarily on a direct-to-consumer basis, engaging consumers through a mix of digital and traditional marketing as well as select commercial partnership, omni-channel (including retail) and other opportunities that are designed to appeal to prospective customers on a personal level and build our brand. 
 Via our direct-to-consumer model, customers are able to complete purchases over the phone with an Eargo sales consultant or directly on our website. The Eargo purchasing experience is designed to be simple and to improve the accessibility of hearing aids. 
 Following the United States Food and Drug Administration FDA final rule regarding the creation of a new category of over-the-counter OTC hearing aids (the OTC Final Rule ), we have focused efforts on transitioning to the new OTC framework and exploring select additional commercial partnerships, omni-channel (including retail) and other opportunities. For example, we have a commercial arrangement with Victra, one of America s largest wireless retailers, to facilitate access to our hearing screeners and demonstrate our devices at approximately 1,500 Victra store locations across the country; customers are also able to purchase or order Eargo hearing aids at such store locations. We believe that the OTC Final Rule may facilitate the opportunity to execute additional commercial partnerships, expanding our customers ability to learn about our hearing aids, obtain general information about their hearing through our current hearing screeners, and experience our devices in person prior to purchasing or ordering directly at retail locations. 
 Moreover, following the effective date of the OTC Final Rule, we have partnered with certain resellers and other distributors, including benefits managers, to offer Eargo hearing aids for sale through their online storefronts or portals. Under these partnerships, we sell Eargo hearing aids to resellers at wholesale prices, who in turn offer our products to end-customers through their respective online storefronts or portals. Generally, we fulfill and ship orders placed through these online storefronts or portals directly to end-customers, and we generally do not submit insurance claims on behalf of customers who purchase from one of these authorized resellers, including Victra. We believe these partnerships will help expand consumer access to our hearing aids and allow us to target high-intent customers more efficiently. We continue to look for additional partners to help expand our customer base. 
 Once a customer purchases Eargo hearing aids, whether directly through us or through one of our partners, distributors, or authorized resellers, they are assigned to one of our hearing professionals, who provides complimentary, convenient support by phone, chat or e-mail. Our hearing professionals and customer care team are also available to provide unlimited support for as long as the customer owns an Eargo device. Additionally, we provide short, online training videos and other resources that customers can access online. The combination of these services allows us to deliver remote customer support in an efficient and streamlined manner. 
 We believe our business model and consumer-centric focus offer certain advantages relative to traditional sales channels (which are characterized by a business-to-business model in which hearing aid manufacturers rely on a fragmented network of independent audiology clinics to sell their devices to consumers), including in particular the convenience and accessibility of our remote customer support as well as our consumer-centric focus. We offer free online education, convenient consultation and remote customer support, the ability to easily purchase the Eargo system, and fast delivery. 
 Changes to the regulatory landscape 
 Hearing aids are considered medical devices subject to regulation by the FDA. On August 17, 2022, the FDA published the OTC Final Rule, which established new regulatory categories for OTC and prescription hearing aids. The OTC Final Rule implements relevant provisions of the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017 FDARA ), which set forth requirements for the FDA to create a new category of OTC hearing aids that are intended to be available without supervision, prescription, or other order, involvement or intervention of a licensed practitioner. Prior to the effective date of the OTC Final Rule, no OTC category of hearing aids existed. Following publication of a proposed rule in October 2021, the FDA issued its OTC Final Rule with requirements for labelling, conditions of sale, performance standards, design requirements and other provisions under which manufacturers may elect to market hearing aids as either OTC or prescription devices, or both. In addition, under FDARA, the OTC hearing aid controls promulgated in the OTC Final Rule preempt any state or local requirement specifically related to hearing products that would restrict or interfere with commercial activity involving OTC hearing aids. The OTC Final Rule became effective on October 17, 2022, although certain previously marketed devices have until April 14, 2023 to come into compliance with the OTC Final Rule. 
 We have marketed in the past, and continue to market, certain Eargo system devices as Class I air-conduction or Class II wireless air-conduction hearing aids under existing regulations at 21 CFR 874.330 and 874.3305, respectively, both of which are exempt from 510(k) premarket review. In June 2022, we submitted a 510(k) premarket notification seeking FDA clearance of expanded labelling 
 60 

for our Eargo 5 and Eargo 6 hearing aids under the self-fitting regulation at 21 CFR 874.3323. In December 2022, we received FDA 510(k) clearance for Eargo 5 and Eargo 6 as Class II self-fitting air-conduction hearing aids. Additionally, in January 2023, we launched the Eargo 7 as our third over-the-counter, 510(k) cleared self-fitting device. We plan to market our devices as OTC hearing aids and intend to comply with all applicable OTC regulatory requirements as of the compliance date for currently marketed devices on April 14, 2023, or sooner. We may also seek to market certain devices as prescription hearing aids, which would require compliance with separate physical and electronic labeling requirements under the OTC Final Rule. 
 In connection with the OTC Final Rule, we have expended, and will continue to expend, significant time and resources evaluating the OTC Final Rule and ensuring that our devices and processes comply with the new requirements in order to market our products in line with our primary direct-to-consumer business and omni-channel models. It is possible that the OTC Final Rule may lead to additional commercial partnership, omni-channel, including retail, or other opportunities, although there are no assurances that it will do so. The OTC Final Rule and the responses thereto by leading insurance providers could also materially impact our efforts to resume submitting claims for customers with potential insurance benefits or have other unforeseen impacts on our business and results of operations. 
 Please see the Risk Factors titled, Changes in the regulatory landscape for hearing aid devices could materially impact our direct-to-consumer business model and lead to increased regulatory requirements, and we may be required to seek additional clearance or approval for our products and Our hearing aids are subject to extensive government regulation at the federal and state level, and our failure to comply with applicable requirements could harm our business for more information. 
 Insurance-related business 
 A significant portion of our revenue has historically been dependent on payments from third-party payors; for example, in the year ended December 31, 2021, 44 of total gross systems shipped were to customers with potential insurance coverage. Historically, we submitted claims on behalf of our customers to a concentrated number of third-party payors under certain benefit plans, and substantially all such claims related to the FEHB program. See DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits for a discussion of the DOJ investigation and settlement as well as claims audits prior to the resumption of our insurance claims submissions practices in September 2022. 
 Between December 8, 2021 and September 15, 2022, we did not accept insurance benefits as a direct method of payment to the Company, a practice we refer to as direct plan access. In direct plan access, we submit an insurance claim on behalf of an Eargo customer to their insurance plan, or support an Eargo customer in their own claim submission, and the customer s insurance benefits are utilized for the purchase, in whole or in part. Common forms of utilization can include, but are not limited to, co-pay, payment by a third-party payor to either Eargo or the customer, reimbursement by a third-party payor to the customer, or application toward a customer s deductible. 
 Because we do not currently have contracts with any FEHB carriers, third-party payors, or other insurance providers, our products are considered out-of-network with such payors and insurance providers. We do not believe that the reimbursement amounts, patient co-payment amounts, or the claims submission process, including medical necessity and other documentation requirements, depend on whether we are in-network or out-of-network with that FEHB carrier or other FEHB plans. To illustrate, the hearing aid benefit in an FEHB plan is a set amount that covers the hearing aid itself and related fees and supplies, regardless of the plan option and regardless of whether the hearing aid is provided by a preferred, participating, or non-participating provider i.e. , regardless of whether it is in-network or out-of-network), which is not always the case for other benefit categories. However, depending on the FEHB carrier or third-party payor, payment may be made directly to the patient rather than to us if Eargo is out-of-network. 
 Beginning on September 15, 2022, we resumed our direct plan access insurance-based business, accepting insurance benefits as a method of direct payment in certain limited circumstances, when the customer has undergone additional testing by an independent, licensed healthcare provider to establish medical necessity, with supporting clinical documentation. We are evaluating additional alternatives for testing or establishing medical necessity, including, but not limited to, contracting with third parties or existing networks of licensed healthcare providers, and/or establishing a management services organization, separate from our existing corporate structure, that manages professional entities that employ licensed healthcare providers. These alternatives involve significant time and related activities, including, but not limited to, development of additional internal processes, training, and compliance and quality control programs, coordination with external healthcare providers and professional services organizations, and evaluation of and compliance with state-by-state regulatory requirements. We cannot provide any assurance as to the efficacy of the processes that we have established or the extent to which such processes will need to be changed, or additional processes established, or the associated timing or costs, whether we will be successful in implementing any of them, or the impact that such processes and changes may have on our business and operations. If we are unable to successfully implement at least one of these alternatives for testing, or to otherwise establish additional acceptable processes to support claims that we may submit for reimbursement, we expect that we may not be able to submit future claims in sufficient volume to meaningfully restore or expand the amount of our insurance-based business related to direct plan access. In addition, it is possible that such testing would be required to be conducted in-person, representing a significant change from our past processes and customer experience that may adversely impact the attractiveness of our offerings to customers, and we may not be able to efficiently or effectively integrate such tests into our operating model. Further, the OTC Final 
 61 

Rule may lead payors to take additional actions, such as excluding OTC hearing aids from coverage, further limiting our ability to access insurance coverage, or there may be a delay in accessing insurance coverage as payors seek to address the OTC Final Rule in their offered benefits, if at all, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 We are also seeking to establish relationships with benefits managers or managed care providers. Employer self-funded plans or other health plans may at times offer supplemental benefits, which may include hearing aid benefits or general over-the-counter benefits; they may in those cases contract with benefits managers or managed care providers in the administration of such supplemental benefits. In this role, among other things, benefits managers are responsible for selecting benefits vendors, i.e., vendors whose products or services are eligible to be covered by the supplemental benefit. The vendors themselves, or Eargo in this role, are not responsible for claims submissions but instead fulfill the product order from the customer through the benefits manager. 
 We cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to maintain or increase our participation in arrangements with third-party payors, insurance carriers, benefits managers, or managed care providers or that we will be adequately reimbursed or otherwise paid by such parties for the products we sell, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 In light of the DOJ investigation, claims audits and the OTC Final Rule, we have made and may continue to need to make significant changes to our business and operating model, including a potential long-term shift to a model without a meaningful insurance-related business, which would likely result in a sustained increased cost of customer acquisition and require identification of commercial partnership, omni-channel, including retail, or other opportunities, to drive cost efficient acquisition of customers. 
 See DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits for more information. Please see the Risk Factors titled, We are subject to risks from legal proceedings, investigations, and inquiries, including a number of recent legal proceedings and investigations, which have had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations, and could result in additional claims and material liabilities, and We face considerable uncertainty in our business prospects, as a significant portion of our revenue has historically been dependent upon reimbursement from third-party payors participating in the FEHB program, but we have operated on a primarily cash-pay basis since December 8, 2021. We may be unsuccessful in validating and establishing processes to support the submission of claims for reimbursement from third-party payors participating in the FEHB program in the future. As a result, we have faced a significant reduction in revenue and any failure to establish processes to support reimbursement from third-party payors in the future may significantly and adversely impact our business and growth prospects and our ability to sell our products. 
 Efficient acquisition of new customers 
 We have spent significant amounts on sales and marketing designed to build a strong brand, achieve broad awareness of our Eargo system, acquire new customers and convert sales leads. Since our public disclosure of the DOJ investigation on September 22, 2021 and our related decision to temporarily stop accepting insurance benefits as a method of direct payment between December 8, 2021 and September 15, 2022, we have experienced and may continue to experience a material decline in sales and gross systems shipped. 
 From December 8, 2021 until September 15, 2022, as a result of the DOJ investigation and claims audits (as further described in DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits ), we did not accept insurance as a direct method of payment to the Company (referred to as direct plan access ). Instead, all sales within such timeframe were to customers we refer to as cash-pay or self-pay customers, which includes upfront payment, credit card, third-party financing, and third-party distributor, authorized reseller or partner payments. We have refocused our sales and marketing efforts and related spend to prioritize conversion of cash-pay consumer leads into satisfied customers. While we intend to continue to work with third-party payors with the objective of validating and establishing additional processes to support any future claims that we may submit for reimbursement, we may not be able to arrive at additional acceptable processes or submit future claims in sufficient volume to meaningfully restore or expand our insurance-based business. The shift to a primarily cash-pay model, with minimal volume from our customers using insurance benefits as a direct method of payment to Eargo, will likely result in a sustained increased cost of customer acquisition and require significant sales and marketing investments, based on the historically lower conversion rate for cash-pay customers as compared to direct plan access insurance customers. We anticipate that our expansion into retail locations may allow for a more streamlined sales process; however, it may not ultimately reduce our cost of customer acquisition due to new sales and marketing initiatives related to such expansion. We are currently unable to predict whether our expansion into retail locations will affect the return rate for our cash-pay customers, and the impact any such change may have on our cost of customer acquisition. Further, the low volume of direct plan access insurance customers using insurance as a direct payment method may also necessitate identifying commercial partnerships, omni-channel, including retail, or other opportunities, as well as the potential implementation of cost-savings measures, in order to drive cost-efficient cash-pay customer acquisition and offset the significantly higher return rates as well as the related negative impact on revenue and gross margin historically applicable to cash-pay customers. 
 62 

Sales returns rate 
 Our return policy generally allows our customers to return hearing aids for any reason within the first 45 days of delivery for a full refund, subject to a handling fee in certain states, and can be extended under certain circumstances, including, for example, the previously extended right of return offered for shipments made prior to 2022 involving insurance payors. Historically, the most commonly cited reason for returning our hearing aids is unsatisfactory fit, which we believe is a by-product of our direct-to-consumer model and online distribution that results in nearly all of our customers ordering our product without trying it first. In addition to unsatisfactory fit, the next most cited reason for returns is that our hearing aids do not provide sufficient audio amplification. 
 We report revenue net of expected returns, which is an estimate informed in part by historical return rates. As such, our returns rate impacts our reported net revenue and gross profit or loss. Sales returns rates, as defined under Key business metrics, were 34 and 32 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 New product introductions 
 Our technical capabilities and commitment to innovation have allowed us to deliver product enhancements on a rapid development timeline and support a compelling new product roadmap that we believe will continue to differentiate our competitive position over the next several years. With the full commercial launch of the Eargo 7 in February 2023, we have now launched seven generations of our hearing aids since 2017, with each iteration having increased functionality and improved sound quality, amplification, noise reduction, physical fit, comfort, water resistance and ease-of-use, as well as reduced costs of goods and better connectivity. We are focused on continuing to launch new versions of the Eargo hearing aid devices that further improve these attributes. We believe that the continued introduction of new products is critical to maintaining existing customers, attracting new customers, achieving market acceptance of our products and maintaining or increasing our competitive position in the market. 
 We expect to continue refining and improving Eargo hearing aids, and we have the intention of an approximate annual cadence of new product launches. To this end, we are working on the development of a cost-conscious offering as well as the next Eargo hearing aid model with improved functionality. Accordingly, we expect to continue to invest in research and development to support new product introductions. In connection with our product innovation and iteration, we also need to successfully manage our product transitions to avoid delays in customer purchases, excess or obsolete inventory and increased returns as customers wait for our new products to become available. Our development priorities are focused, in part, on expanding refurbishment capability for returned hearing aids. Our refurbishment capabilities are focused on components and allow us to reuse certain key components from our returned devices. 
 Recruitment and retention of personnel 
 Our success depends in part upon our continued ability to recruit, retain and motivate high-quality employees, including management, administrative, our clinical and scientific personnel and our direct sales force (among others), and competition for qualified personnel can be intense due to the limited number of individuals possessing the requisite training, skill and experience we require. As a result of uncertainty created by the DOJ investigation and the claims audits, we temporarily suspended our practice of granting equity awards, suspended our employee stock purchase plan and deferred the settlement of outstanding restricted stock units, in each case effective as of November 9, 2021. We resumed granting RSUs on March 18, 2022 and resumed granting stock option awards on August 23, 2022. However, as of February 1, 2023, we have again suspended our practice of granting RSUs. 
 In addition, on December 7, 2021, we announced a plan to reduce our employee workforce to streamline our organization in response to declines in customer orders since we announced the DOJ investigation. We substantially completed the employee workforce reduction during the fourth quarter of 2021, resulting in a reduction of approximately 27 of our employee workforce, or approximately 90 people. On May 24, 2022, we announced a plan to further reduce our employee workforce as part of continued cost-cutting measures to reduce operating expenses and preserve capital. We substantially completed the employee workforce reduction during the second quarter of 2022, resulting in a reduction of approximately 17 of our employee workforce, or 44 people. 
 Future suspension of equity awards, including of our practice of granting RSUs, and reductions in workforce, in addition to any negative perceptions of employment with us as a result of the DOJ investigation, the settlement with the U.S. government, and the claims audits, could continue to adversely affect employee morale and have a material adverse impact on our ability to recruit, retain and motivate the high-quality employees critical to our operations, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Macroeconomic environment 
 Our business, results of operation and financial condition are dependent on macroeconomic conditions. We face domestic as well as global macroeconomic challenges, particularly in light of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, inflationary trends, uncertainty or volatility in the market (including recent and potential disruption in the banking system and financial markets) and geopolitical events (such as the conflict in Ukraine and tensions across the Taiwan Strait). 
 We believe the COVID-19 pandemic accelerated the pace of consumer awareness of our vertically integrated remote customer support model and facilitated customer adoption of the same. Shelter-in-place restrictions and increased reluctance of consumers to conduct 
 63 

in-person activities, particularly among older individuals that comprise a majority of the population needing hearing aids, resulted in increased knowledge of our business and sales and a potential acceleration of consumer acceptance of our primarily direct-to-consumer business model. However, we cannot be sure whether this trend in consumer behavior will persist or if consumers will instead return to pre-pandemic patterns. In addition, the benefits of such trends in consumer behavior, to the extent they persist, may be outweighed by other macroeconomic factors, including, but not limited to, inflationary pressures, financial market volatility, and slower growth or recession, which can adversely impact consumer confidence and result in lower discretionary consumer spending. If these macroeconomic pressures continue or increase, we may experience an adverse impact on demand for our products. Additionally, our business is also subject to disruptions in the banking system and financial markets and other uncertainties or volatility in the markets. For example, on March 10, 2023, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC took control and was appointed receiver of Silicon Valley Bank SVB ). Although the FDIC ultimately announced that it would pay all deposits, including deposits that exceeded FDIC-insured amounts, we and other SVB customers initially were not able to access our accounts and faced significant uncertainty about whether and when we would be able to fully access amounts held through SVB, which would have had several follow-on consequences with respect to our ability to meet our near-term payment obligations. If other banks and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to financial conditions affecting the banking system and financial markets, our ability to access our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments may be threatened and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. In addition, even if we lack exposure to the uncertainty or volatility of one or more financial institutions, the impact of financial institution volatility on our partners, customers or suppliers may also impact our business and financial condition. 
 We rely on a number of international suppliers and manufacturers, including our primary manufacturer, Pegatron Corporation, who is headquartered in Taiwan, which exposes us to foreign operational and political risks such as changes in trade policies and export regulations between the United States and other countries or geopolitical conflict. Additionally, although we believe the COVID-19 pandemic has largely resulted in favorable consumer trends for our business, travel restrictions, factory closures and disruptions in global supply chains have resulted in industry-wide component supply shortages (such as in semiconductors), and we may not be able to obtain adequate inventory on a timely basis or at all. To date, increases in component pricing have occurred but have not had a material impact on supply continuity or gross margin. We have taken steps to monitor our supply chain and actions to address limited supply and increasing lead times, including outreach to critical suppliers and spot market purchases. While we have not experienced any significant disruptions to our supply chain that have impacted our ability to service customers or our access to necessary raw materials and component parts for the manufacture of our products to date, disruptions have occurred across a number of industries and we cannot provide any assurance that future disruptions will not emerge as a result of the ongoing supply chain issues, inflation, the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical events or other extrinsic factors. Future disruptions in our supply chain, including the sourcing of certain components and raw materials, such as semiconductor and memory chips, as well as increased logistics costs, could impact our revenue and gross margins. 
 For a further discussion of trends, uncertainties and other factors that could impact our operating results, see the section titled Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Key business metrics 
 To analyze our business performance, determine financial forecasts and help develop long-term strategic plans, we review the following key business metrics, each of which is an important measure that represents the state of our business: 
 Gross systems shipped . We define our gross systems shipped as the number of hearing aid systems shipped during the period. Since our public disclosure of the DOJ investigation on September 22, 2021 and our related decision to temporarily stop accepting insurance benefits as a method of direct payment between December 8, 2021 and September 15, 2022, we have experienced and may continue to experience a material decline in gross systems shipped. Beginning on September 15, 2022, we resumed accepting insurance benefits as a method of direct payment in certain limited circumstances and for which revenue is and has been recognized. Continued negative publicity, including in relation to the DOJ investigation and settlement, the claims audits, and other legal proceedings could further harm our reputation and lead to a further decline in gross systems shipped. See DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits and Factors affecting our business. 

Sales returns rates . Sales returns rates are determined by management at the end of each reporting period to estimate the percentage of products for which we have recorded revenue during that period that are expected to be returned. This determination is informed in part by historical actual return rates. Sales returns rates do not represent actual returns during a period as customers may return the product for a period of time that can extend beyond the period end, which can result in a hearing aid being returned after the period in which the revenue from its sale was recognized. If actual returns differ from the sales returns rate determined at period end or new factors arise, indicating a rate of return that is different from the original estimated sales returns rate, revenue is adjusted in subsequent periods to reflect the actual returns made. Such an adjustment to revenue is not included in the sales returns rates disclosed in the table below. 

64 

The following table details the number of gross systems shipped and sales returns rates for the periods presented below: 

Three months ended 

Mar 31, 2021 

Jun 30, 2021 

Sep 30, 2021 

Dec 31, 2021 

Mar 31, 2022 

Jun 30, 2022 

Sep 30, 2022 

Dec 31, 2022 

Gross systems shipped 

11,704 

12,548 

13,117 

7,767 

5,773 

4,455 

5,156 

8,863 

Sales returns rate 

23.2 

24.1 

46.4 

34.0 

33.9 

33.3 

32.3 

34.9 

During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Eargo shipped 24,247 and 45,136 gross hearing aid systems, respectively, of which less than 1 and 44 , respectively, were to customers with potential insurance coverage. We made the decision to temporarily stop accepting insurance benefits as a method of direct payment between December 8, 2021 and September 15, 2022. Beginning September 2022, we resumed accepting insurance benefits as a method of direct payment in certain limited circumstances and for which revenue is and has been recognized. Additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2022, we shipped Eargo hearing devices to Victra, our retail partner, for in-person customer sales at its approximately 1,500 store locations across the United States, for which we recognize revenue upon shipment to our retail partner. 
 We believe these key business metrics provide useful information to help investors understand and evaluate our business performance. Gross systems shipped is a key measure of sales volume, which drives potential revenue, while sales returns rates are an indicator of expected reductions to revenue and an indicator of change in customer mix and factors affecting the returns rates by customer type. However, as discussed elsewhere in this report, our sales volume, sales returns rate and revenue during the current period were not consistent with the prior periods as a result of the DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits. See DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits. 
 Due to the historically higher return rate for cash-pay customers as compared to insurance customers, we expect that revenue, gross profit and gross margin may remain depressed as compared to prior periods for so long as there is minimal volume from our customers using insurance benefits as a direct method of payment to Eargo; however, we are currently unable to predict whether the expansion of our omni-channel strategy (including retail and other partners) will affect our return rate for cash-pay customers, and the impact any such change may have on our revenue, gross profit and gross margin. 
 Components of our results of operations 
 See the discussion under DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits, which describes a variety of circumstances currently affecting our business and results of operations, and which require that we continually evaluate and adapt our business model and expenditures as new information becomes available. 
 Revenue, net 
 We generate revenue primarily from the sale of Eargo hearing aid systems. We market a variety of models of hearing aids, each at different price points, and we periodically offer discounts and promotions, including holiday promotions. For product sales, control is transferred upon shipment to the customer. We report revenue net of expected returns, which is an estimate informed in part by historical return rates. 
 Since learning of the DOJ investigation, we temporarily suspended all insurance claims submissions and, from December 8, 2021 until September 15, 2022, did not accept insurance as a direct method of payment. Instead, we focused our efforts on cash-pay customers, which includes upfront payment, credit card payments, third-party financed payments and distributor payments. Historically, cash-pay customers have had significantly higher return rates than customers with potential insurance benefits, and therefore the potential long-term shift to primarily cash-pay sales may adversely impact revenue, net. Beginning on September 15, 2022, we resumed accepting insurance benefits as a method of direct payment in certain limited circumstances. 
 Cost of revenue and gross margin 
 Cost of revenue consists of expenses associated with the cost of finished goods, freight, personnel costs, consumables, product warranty costs, transaction fees, reserves for excess and obsolete inventory, depreciation and amortization, and related overhead. 
 Our gross margin has been and will continue to be affected by a variety of factors, including sales volumes, product mix, channel mix, pricing strategies, sales returns rates, costs of finished goods, product warranty claim rates and refurbishment strategies, and our ability to service insurance customers and any potential actions insurance providers may take following the implementation of the FDA s new OTC hearing aid regulatory framework that may limit our ability to access insurance coverage. 
 We expect our gross margin to remain depressed for so long as there is minimal volume from our customers using insurance benefits as a direct method of payment to Eargo, unless we can successfully target and convert new customers with a similarly low rate of return. 
 65 

Research and development expenses 
 Research and development R D expenses, consist primarily of engineering and product development costs to develop and support our products, regulatory expenses, non-recurring engineering and other costs associated with products and technologies that are in development, as well as related overhead costs. These expenses include personnel-related costs, including salaries and stock-based compensation, supplies, consulting fees, prototyping, testing, materials, travel expenses, depreciation and allocated facility overhead costs. Additionally, R D expenses include internal and external costs associated with our regulatory compliance and quality assurance functions and related overhead costs. 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 Our sales and marketing expenses have generally been the largest component of our operating expenses and consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including salaries and stock-based compensation, direct and channel marketing, advertising and promotional expenses, consulting fees, public relations costs and allocated facility overhead costs. Sales and marketing personnel include our direct sales force consisting of inside sales consultants, hearing professionals, marketing professionals and related support personnel. We expect our sales and marketing expenses to fluctuate over time as a percentage of revenue. In response to the factors discussed in DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits, we have reduced sales and marketing resources that were previously focused on insurance customers to prioritize the conversion of cash-pay consumers into satisfied customers, including the 2021 and 2022 reductions in force. 
 General and administrative expenses 
 Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation for executive, finance, legal, information technology and administrative personnel, including stock-based compensation. Other significant expenses include professional fees for legal and accounting services, transaction fees, consulting fees, recruiting fees, information technology costs, corporate insurance, bad debt expense, general corporate expenses and allocated facility overhead costs. 
 Excluding the costs associated with the DOJ investigation, we expect our general and administrative expenses will increase in absolute dollars in future periods as a result of operating as a public company, including expenses related to compliance with the rules and regulations of the SEC, and those of the Nasdaq Stock Market, additional insurance costs, investor relations activities and other administrative and professional services, as well as professional service and legal fees and expenses related to shareholder litigation that has been filed and that may be filed in the future. 
 Interest income 
 Interest income consists of interest earned on cash and cash equivalents. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense consists of interest related to borrowings under our debt obligations. In connection with the fair value option, we elected to present interest expense related to the Notes in the changes in fair value. 
 Change in fair value of convertible notes 
 We elected on issuance to account for the Notes at fair value until their settlement. The change in fair value of the convertible notes is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations, with the exception of changes in fair value due to instrument-specific credit risk, which are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income, if present. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 The loss on extinguishment of debt arose from the early repayment of long-term debt under our 2018 Loan Agreement in June 2022. 
 Income tax provision 
 We use the asset and liability method to account for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates applied to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Due to our historical operating performance and our recorded cumulative net losses in prior fiscal periods, our net deferred tax assets have been fully offset by a valuation allowance. 
 Financial statement effects of uncertain tax positions are recognized when it is more-likely-than-not, based on the technical merits of the position, that it will be sustained upon examination. Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are included within the provision for income tax. 
 66 

Results of operations 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 We made the decision to temporarily stop accepting insurance benefits as a method of direct payment between December 8, 2021 and September 15, 2022 as a result of the DOJ investigation and claims audits (as further described in DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits ). Beginning in late 2021, as a result of the impact of the DOJ investigation on the Company's business and financial condition, we shifted our strategy to limit our costs, conducted a reduction in force and took other precautionary measures to preserve capital and liquidity. As a result, the following comparison of the 2022 and 2021 fiscal years reflect a trend of decreasing expenditures due to the implementation of capital and liquidity preservation measures. 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Amount 

Revenue, net 

37,248 

32,122 

5,126 

16.0 

Cost of revenue 

22,988 

27,956 

(4,968) 

(17.8) 

Gross profit (loss) 

14,260 

4,166 

10,094 

242.3 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

18,813 

25,232 

(6,419) 

(25.4) 

Sales and marketing 

52,947 

85,759 

(32,812) 

(38.3) 

General and administrative 

54,259 

49,882 

4,377 

8.8 

Total operating expenses 

126,019 

160,873 

(34,854) 

(21.7) 

Loss from operations 

(111,759) 

(156,707) 

44,948 

(28.7) 

Other income (expense), net: 

Interest income 

1,196 

21 

1,175 

Interest expense 

(549) 

(1,068) 

519 

(48.6) 

Change in fair value of convertible notes 

(45,503) 

(45,503) 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

(772) 

(772) 

Total other income (expense), net 

(45,628) 

(1,047) 

(44,581) 

Loss before income taxes 

(157,387) 

(157,754) 

367 

(0.2) 

Income tax provision 

100 

100 

Net loss and comprehensive loss 

(157,487) 

(157,754) 

267 

(0.2) 

Not Meaningful 
 Revenue, net 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Amount 

Revenue, net 

37,248 

32,122 

5,126 

16.0 

Gross systems shipped during 2022 were 24,247, compared to 45,136 in 2021, of which less than 1 and 44 , respectively, were to customers with potential insurance coverage. The decrease in shipment volume was largely driven by our decision to temporarily stop accepting insurance benefits as a method of direct payment in the fourth quarter of 2021. Beginning September 2022, we resumed accepting insurance benefits as a method of direct payment in certain limited circumstances and for which revenue is and has been recognized. Additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2022, we shipped Eargo hearing devices to Victra, our retail partner, for in-person customer sales at its approximately 1,500 store locations across the United States, for which we recognize revenue upon shipment to our retail partner. 
 Revenue, which is reported net of consideration payable to customers and expected returns, increased by 5.1 million, or 16.0 , from 32.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 37.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 In September 2022, we made the determination not to seek payment for approximately 16.1 million from customers with unsubmitted and unpaid claims, or the Pricing Concession. This decision resulted in a reduction in net revenue of 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 after the remeasurement of the corresponding sales return reserve and the utilization of the related allowance for expected credit losses. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the 34.4 million settlement amount associated with the DOJ investigation was recorded as a reduction in revenue. Additionally, we previously estimated that a majority of customers with unsubmitted claims as of December 31, 2021 would choose to return the hearing aid system if their insurance provider denied their claim or the claim was ultimately not submitted by us for payment, resulting in an increase in expected product returns from such transactions that occurred prior to September 21, 2021. As a result, we recorded 13.3 million of estimated sales returns as a reduction in revenue in the third quarter of 2021 related to shipments to customers with potential insurance benefits. Further, we did not recognize revenue and related sales 
 67 

returns reserve on approximately 2,230 Eargo hearing aid systems shipped during the year ended December 31, 2021 and subsequent to learning of the DOJ investigation, as these transactions did not meet the criteria for revenue recognition. 
 Cost of revenue, gross profit, and gross margin 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Amount 

Cost of revenue 

22,988 

27,956 

(4,968) 

(17.8) 

Gross profit 

14,260 

4,166 

10,094 

242.3 

Gross margin 

38.3 

13.0 

Cost of revenue decreased by 5.0 million, or 17.8 , from 28.0 million during 2021 to 23.0 million during 2022. The change was primarily due to the decrease in the volume of Eargo hearing aid systems shipped, partially offset by charges related to certain slow moving inventory items. 
 Gross margin increased to 38.3 during 2022, compared to 13.0 during 2021. The increase in gross margins is primarily due to revenue-related adjustments made in 2021, including the 34.4 million settlement amount associated with the DOJ investigation, the expected increase in product returns from customers with unsubmitted claims, as well as the approximately 2,230 Eargo hearing aid systems shipped during the year ended December 31, 2021, for which no revenue was recognized as the transactions did not meet criteria for revenue recognition. 
 Estimated sales returns are recorded as a reduction in revenue. The 18.2 million of estimated sales returns recorded during 2022 significantly decreased from the 37.7 million of estimated sales returns recorded during 2021. The reduction is attributable primarily to 13.3 million recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021 for estimated sales returns related to the expected increase in product returns from shipments to customers with potential insurance benefits and the reduction in the number of our gross systems shipped during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Research and development (R D) 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Amount 

Research and development 

18,813 

25,232 

(6,419) 

(25.4) 

R D expenses decreased by 6.4 million, or 25.4 , from 25.2 million during 2021 to 18.8 million during 2022. The change was primarily due to the impact of decreased headcount, a net decrease of 5.5 million in personnel and personnel-related costs due in part to a decrease in stock-based compensation, primarily related to the suspension of our ESPP in November 2021 and a reduction in cumulative compensation costs of 1.8 million recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the non-achievement of certain performance targets for restricted stock units. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, there was a net decrease of 1.1 million in third-party costs subsequent to the commercial launches of Eargo 5 in July 2021 and Eargo 6 in January 2022. 
 Sales and marketing 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Amount 

Sales and marketing 

52,947 

85,759 

(32,812) 

(38.3) 

Sales and marketing expenses decreased by 32.8 million, or 38.3 , from 85.8 million during 2021 to 52.9 million during 2022. The change was primarily due to decreases in direct marketing, advertising and promotional expenses of 19.5 million due to a reduction in media spend following our decision to temporarily stop accepting insurance benefits as a method of direct payment on December 8, 2021, and decreases in personnel and personnel-related costs of 13.3 million due to decreased headcount and suspension of our ESPP in November 2021. 
 General and administrative 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Amount 

General and administrative 

54,259 

49,882 

4,377 

8.8 

General and administrative expenses increased by 4.4 million, or 8.8 , from 49.9 million during 2021 to 54.3 million during 2022. This change was primarily due to an increase of 6.6 million in general corporate costs primarily related to legal, accounting, consulting and other professional fees driven by activities related to the DOJ investigation and compliance matters and increase in 
 68 

insurance overhead costs as a result of operating as a public company, and 5.7 million in third-party costs related to the issuance of the Notes. The increase was partially offset by a net decrease in bad debt expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021 our bad debt expense was higher by 8.9 million, based on our estimate that a significant number of customers whose claims are denied by insurance providers or not submitted by us for payment may not pay for or return the hearing aid system. 
 Interest income 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Amount 

Interest income 

1,196 

21 

1,175 

Interest income increased by 1.2 million, from 0.1 million during 2021 to 1.2 million during 2022. The increase in interest income was primarily attributable to the increased interest rates on cash balances during 2022. 
 Interest expense 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Amount 

Interest expense 

(549) 

(1,068) 

519 

(48.6) 

Interest expense decreased by 0.5 million, or 48.6 , from 1.1 million during 2021 to 0.6 million during 2022. The decrease in interest expense was primarily attributable to the repayment of long-term debt under our 2018 Loan Agreement in June 2022 and our accounting policy election to account for the Notes at fair value and include interest expense related to the Notes in the changes in fair value. 
 Change in fair value of convertible notes 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Amount 

Change in fair value of convertible notes 

(45,503) 

(45,503) 

The change in fair value of convertible notes payable of 45.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 represents the difference between the fair value of the Notes at issuance and the fair value of the Conversion Shares on the dates of settlement. Prior to the closing of the Rights Offering, the fair value of the Notes was estimated as a combination of our equity, an option on our equity valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, and a short position in a bond valued under the discounted cash flow model. The conversion date fair value of the Notes was estimated based on the closing price of the Company s common stock adjusted for the impact of certain legal restrictions on the Conversion Shares. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Amount 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

(772) 

(772) 

Loss on extinguishment of debt of 0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 arose from the early repayment of long-term debt under our 2018 Loan Agreement in June 2022. 
 69 

Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Amount 

Revenue, net 

32,122 

69,154 

(37,032) 

(53.6) 

Cost of revenue 

27,956 

21,873 

6,083 

27.8 

Gross profit 

4,166 

47,281 

(43,115) 

(91.2) 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

25,232 

12,045 

13,187 

109.5 

Sales and marketing 

85,759 

49,525 

36,234 

73.2 

General and administrative 

49,882 

20,582 

29,300 

142.4 

Total operating expenses 

160,873 

82,152 

78,721 

95.8 

Loss from operations 

(156,707) 

(34,871) 

(121,836) 

349.4 

Other income (expense), net: 

Interest income 

21 

37 

(16) 

(43.2) 

Interest expense 

(1,068) 

(1,920) 

852 

(44.4) 

Other income (expense), net 

(1,474) 

1,474 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

(1,627) 

1,627 

Total other income (expense), net 

(1,047) 

(4,984) 

3,937 

(79.0) 

Loss before income taxes 

(157,754) 

(39,855) 

(117,899) 

295.8 

Income tax provision 

Net loss and comprehensive loss 

(157,754) 

(39,855) 

(117,899) 

295.8 

Not Meaningful 
 Revenue, net 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Amount 

Revenue, net 

32,122 

69,154 

(37,032) 

(53.6) 

Gross systems shipped during 2021 were 45,136, compared to 38,243 in 2020. The increase in shipment volume was largely driven by a continued expansion in national marketing efforts and customer adoption of our telecare model. However, revenue, which is reported net of consideration payable to customers and expected returns, decreased by 37.0 million, or 53.6 , from 69.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2020 to 32.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The 34.4 million settlement amount associated with the DOJ investigation was recorded as a reduction in revenue during the year ended December 31, 2021. Additionally, we estimated that a majority of customers with unsubmitted claims will choose to return the hearing aid system if their insurance provider denies their claim or the claim is ultimately not submitted by us for payment, resulting in an increase in expected product returns from such transactions that occurred prior to September 21, 2021. As a result, we recorded 13.3 million of estimated sales returns as a reduction in revenue in the third quarter of 2021 related to shipments to customers with potential insurance benefits. 
 Further, we did not recognize revenue and related sales returns reserve on approximately 2,230 Eargo hearing aid systems shipped during third and fourth quarters of 2021 subsequent to learning of the DOJ investigation, as these transactions did not meet the criteria for revenue recognition. We recognized revenue on approximately 42,910 Eargo hearing aid systems shipped to customers during 2021, a 12.2 increase compared to the 38,243 Eargo hearing aid systems for which revenue was recognized during 2020. The impact on revenue from an increase in the volume of shipments was offset by the 34.4 million settlement amount, the increase in expected returns from customers with potential insurance benefits and with unsubmitted claims as of December 31, 2021, and by the hearing aid systems shipped for which we did not recognize revenue. 
 Cost of revenue, gross profit, and gross margin 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Amount 

Cost of revenue 

27,956 

21,873 

6,083 

27.8 

Gross profit 

4,166 

47,281 

(43,115) 

(91.2) 

Gross margin 

13.0 

68.4 

70 

Cost of revenue increased by 6.1 million, or 27.8 , from 21.9 million during 2020 to 28.0 million during 2021. The change was primarily due to the increase in the volume of Eargo hearing aid systems shipped, product mix shift towards Eargo 5 which has a higher average product cost, and higher depreciation and software amortization related to the Eargo 5 commercial launch in July 2021. 
 Gross margin decreased to 13.0 during 2021, compared to 68.4 during 2020. The decrease in gross margins is primarily due to the 34.4 million settlement amount associated with the DOJ investigation, the expected increase in product returns from customers with unsubmitted claims, the approximately 2,230 Eargo hearing aid systems shipped during the third and fourth quarters of 2021 for which we did not recognize related revenue, and a product mix shift towards Eargo 5, which has a higher cost of goods per product sold. 
 Estimated sales returns are recorded as a reduction in revenue. The 37.7 million of estimated sales returns recorded during 2021 is an increase of 15.0 million from the 22.7 million of estimated sales returns recorded during 2020. This change is primarily due to 13.3 million of estimated sales returns recorded during the third quarter of 2021 related to the expected increase in product returns from shipments to customers with potential insurance benefits. 
 Research and development (R D) 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Amount 

Research and development 

25,232 

12,045 

13,187 

109.5 

R D expenses increased by 13.2 million, or 109.5 , from 12.0 million during 2020 to 25.2 million during 2021. The change was primarily due to a net increase of 10.6 million in personnel and personnel-related costs, which includes the impact of increased headcount and an increase in stock-based compensation of 6.1 million, and a net increase of 1.8 million in third-party costs related to current and future product development initiatives. 
 Sales and marketing 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Amount 

Sales and marketing 

85,759 

49,525 

36,234 

73.2 

Sales and marketing expenses increased by 36.2 million, or 73.2 , from 49.5 million during 2020 to 85.8 million during 2021. The change was primarily due to increases in direct marketing, advertising and promotional expenses of 18.9 million, partially driven by increased rates due to decreased cable TV viewership in our core demographic, and an increase in personnel and personnel-related costs of 17.3 million, which includes the impact of increased headcount (a trend that was reversed in the fourth quarter of 2021 as further described in the introductory paragraph to this Results of operations and DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits ), higher commissions from increased sales and an increase in stock-based compensation of 9.6 million. 
 General and administrative 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Amount 

General and administrative 

49,882 

20,582 

29,300 

142.4 

General and administrative expenses increased by 29.3 million, or 142.4 , from 20.6 million during 2020 to 49.9 million during 2021. This change was primarily due to an increase in general corporate costs of 14.3 million, an increase in personnel and personnel-related costs of 9.7 million, and a net increase in bad debt expense of 7.3 million. 
 The change in general corporate costs includes 8.4 million in legal and other professional fees as a result of the DOJ investigation as well as increased costs as a result of operating as a public company. The change in personnel and personnel-related costs includes compensation-related costs as a result of increased headcount as well as an increase in stock-based compensation of 6.3 million. The 7.3 million net increase in bad debt expense is primarily based on our estimate that, in addition to the customers who choose to return their hearing aid systems, a significant number of customers whose claims are denied by insurance providers or not submitted by us for payment may not pay for or return the hearing aid system. 
 Interest expense 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Amount 

Interest expense 

(1,068) 

(1,920) 

852 

(44.4) 

71 

Interest expense decreased by 0.9 million, or 44.4 , from 1.9 million during 2020 to 1.1 million during 2021. The decrease in interest expense was primarily attributable to lower long-term debt balance outstanding and lower related interest rate during 2021 as compared 2020. 
 Other income (expense), net 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Amount 

Other income (expense), net 

(1,474) 

1,474 

Other income (expense), net during 2020 consisted primarily of adjustments to the fair value of our convertible preferred stock warrant liabilities prior to their reclassification to additional paid-in capital upon the closing of our IPO in October 2020. There was no similar expense in the comparable period of 2021. 
 Liquidity and capital resources 
 Sources of liquidity and operating capital requirements 
 Since our inception, we have incurred net losses and negative cash flows from operations. We have funded our operations primarily from the net proceeds received from the sale of our equity securities, indebtedness and revenue from the sale of our products. 
 On June 28, 2022 (the First Tranche Closing ), we completed the initial issuance of 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of Notes (the First Tranche Notes ). The Notes were secured by a first-priority lien on substantially all our assets, including our intellectual property. We used approximately 16.2 million of the net proceeds from the First Tranche Notes issuance to repay all existing third-party indebtedness and related pay-off expenses. 
 Pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, the PSC Stockholder agreed to purchase up to an additional 25.0 million of Notes if the Company completed the Rights Offering within 150 days after the First Tranche Closing and the existing stockholders of Eargo subscribed to purchase less than 3,750,000 shares of newly issued common stock in such Rights Offering. 
 The Rights Offering expired on November 17, 2022 and existing stockholders of Eargo subscribed for an aggregate of approximately 2.9 million shares of common stock. On November 23, 2022, the Rights Offering was consummated, and we received net proceeds of approximately 27.6 million from existing stockholders. In accordance with the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement, on November 25, 2022, the PSC Stockholder purchased an additional approximately 5.5 million of aggregate principal amount of Notes (the Second Tranche Notes ). 
 On November 23, 2022, the First Tranche Notes converted into an aggregate of 15,000,000 shares of our common stock, and on November 25, 2022 the Second Tranche Notes converted into an aggregate of 821,299 shares of our common stock, in each case pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement. Following such conversion, the PSC Stockholder beneficially owned approximately 76.3 of the outstanding common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we had no debt outstanding. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 101.2 million, which are available to fund our operations. Cash and cash equivalents include amounts deposited in financial institutions regulated by the FDIC. The FDIC insures cash deposits of up to 250,000. We regularly maintain cash balances in deposit accounts in excess of the FDIC insured limits. Additionally, our cash equivalents are held in accordance with cash sweep arrangements with financial institutions, which amounts are invested in money market accounts that are neither included on the balance sheets of such financial institutions nor insured by the FDIC. According to our cash sweep arrangements, we believe we should be recognized by the FDIC as the owner of such assets in the event of such financial institution s failure, such as the March 10, 2023 closure of SVB. While we have regained access to our funds at SVB and are evaluating our banking relationships, future disruptions of financial institutions where we bank or disruptions of the financial services industry in general could adversely affect our ability to access our cash and cash equivalents. If we are unable to access our cash and cash equivalents as needed, our financial position and ability to operate our business could be adversely affected. In addition, even if we lack exposure to the uncertainty or volatility of one or more financial institutions, the impact of financial institution volatility on our partners, customers or suppliers may also impact our business and financial condition. 
 Our net losses were 157.5 million, 157.8 million and 39.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We had an accumulated deficit of 514.3 million as of December 31, 2022. We expect to incur additional substantial losses in the foreseeable future. We believe that without any future financing, our current resources are insufficient to satisfy our obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. Our negative cash flows and current lack of financial resources raise substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 72 

We anticipate our future operating requirements will be substantial and that we will need to raise significant additional resources to fund our operations through equity or debt financing, or some combination thereof. We are currently exploring fundraising opportunities to meet these capital requirements. If we are unable to raise additional funding to meet our operational needs, we will be forced to limit or cease our operations. 
 In addition to our current capital needs, we regularly consider fundraising opportunities and may decide, from time to time, to raise capital based on various factors, including market conditions and our plans of operation. We may seek funds through borrowings or through additional rounds of financing, including private or public equity or debt offerings. Uncertainty in the market generally due to increasing interest rates and inflation may make it challenging to raise additional capital, and such capital may not be available to us on acceptable terms on a timely basis, or at all. If adequate funds are not available, or if the terms of potential funding sources are unfavorable, our business and our ability to develop our technology and our products would be harmed. Furthermore, any new equity or convertible debt securities we issue may result in the dilution of our stockholders, and any debt financing may include covenants that restrict our business. 
 Our expected future capital requirements and ability to raise additional capital will depend on many forward-looking factors, including but not limited to the following: 
 investor confidence in our ability to continue as a going concern; 

the timing, receipt and amount of sales from our current and future products; 

the costs involved in resolving third-party claims audits, as well as other legal proceedings (including the shareholder class action and derivative actions discussed in Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K), and their duration and impact on our business generally; 

the availability of insurance coverage for our hearing aid devices, and any costs associated with reimbursement and compliance, including following the implementation of the OTC Final Rule (which may lead insurance providers to take actions limiting our ability to access insurance coverage), and any resulting changes to our business model, including a potential long-term shift to a model that generally excludes insurance benefits as a method of direct payment to Eargo, which would likely result in a sustained increased cost of customer acquisition; 

the cost and timing of expanding our sales, marketing and distribution capabilities; 

any expenses, as well as the impact to our business and operating model, as a result of changes in the regulatory landscape for hearing aid devices; 

the cost of manufacturing, either ourselves or through third-party manufacturers, our products; 

the terms, timing and success of any other licensing, partnership, omni-channel, including retail, or other arrangements that we may establish; 

any product liability or other lawsuits related to our current or future products; 

the expenses needed to attract, hire and retain skilled personnel; 

the extent of our spending to support research and development activities and the expansion of our product offerings; 

the costs associated with being a public company; 

the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing our intellectual property portfolio; and 

the extent to which we acquire or invest in businesses. 

Our liquidity is subject to various risks, including the risks identified in the section titled Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I. While the extent to which we are able to validate and establish additional processes to support the submission of claims for reimbursement to health plans, including those under the FEHB program, and the future impacts of the implementation of the FDA s new OTC hearing aid regulatory framework (which may lead insurance providers to take actions limiting our ability to access insurance coverage) are difficult to assess or predict at this time, since the announcement of the DOJ investigation and our related decision to temporarily stop accepting insurance benefits as a method of direct payment between December 8, 2021 and September 15, 2022, there has been and may continue to be a significant reduction in shipments, revenue and gross margin which could in the future negatively impact our liquidity and working capital, including by impacting our ability to access any additional capital. 
 
 73 

Cash flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 

Twelve months ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(117,304) 

(98,456) 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(3,087) 

(7,587) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

111,129 

4,358 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

(9,262) 

(101,685) 

Operating activities 
 In 2022, cash used in operating activities was 117.3 million, attributable to a net loss of 157.5 million, partially offset by non-cash charges of 69.4 million and a net change in our net operating assets and liabilities of 29.2 million. Non-cash charges primarily consisted of 45.5 million related to the change in fair value of convertible notes, 10.0 million in stock-based compensation, 5.7 million in debt issuance costs from convertible notes, 5.5 million in depreciation and amortization expense, 1.1 million in non-cash operating lease expense, 0.8 million in loss on extinguishment of debt, and 0.7 million in bad debt expense. The change in our net operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to the payment of 34.4 million settlement liability associated with the DOJ investigation, a 9.9 million decrease in sales returns reserve and a 2.8 million decrease in accounts payable. These changes were partially offset by a 9.9 million decrease in accounts receivable, a 4.3 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other current and noncurrent assets, a 3.7 million increase in accrued expenses and a 0.7 million decrease in inventories. 
 In 2021, cash used in operating activities was 98.5 million, attributable to a net loss of 157.8 million, partially offset by non-cash charges of 43.2 million and a net change in our net operating assets and liabilities of 16.1 million. Non-cash charges primarily consisted of 27.7 million in stock-based compensation that includes the amounts recorded upon the suspension of the ESPP in the fourth quarter of 2021, 9.6 million in bad debt expense, 4.2 million in depreciation and amortization expense, and 1.1 million in non-cash operating lease expense. The change in our net operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to the 34.4 million settlement liability associated with the DOJ investigation, a 9.5 million increase in sales returns reserve, and a 3.1 million increase in accounts payable. These changes were partially offset by a 18.4 million increase in accounts receivable, a 7.4 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current and noncurrent assets and a 3.0 million increase in inventories. 
 Investing activities 
 In 2022, cash used in investing activities was 3.1 million, which consisted of 2.8 million related to the purchase of property and equipment and 0.3 million in payments for costs related to the development of internal use software capitalized during 2021. 
 In 2021, cash used in investing activities was 7.6 million, which consisted of 3.8 million in capitalized costs related to the development of internal use software, 2.9 million in cash paid for acquisition of a business, and 0.9 million related to the purchase of property and equipment. 
 Financing activities 
 In 2022, cash provided by financing activities was 111.1 million. This was primarily attributable to 99.7 million in net proceeds from issuance of the Notes and 27.6 million in net proceeds from issuance of our common stock upon the Rights Offering closing, offset by 16.2 million relating to the repayment of long-term debt under the 2018 Loan Agreement. 
 In 2021, cash provided by financing activities was 4.4 million. This was primarily attributable to 2.7 million from employee stock purchase plan purchases and 1.7 million from the exercise of stock options. 
 Critical accounting estimates 
 Management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements are described in Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions regarding the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and related disclosures. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates, assumptions and judgments described below involve a substantial level of estimation uncertainty and as a result have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements, results of operations and financial condition. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions and any such differences may be material. 
 74 

Revenue recognition sales returns reserve 
 Revenue is recorded net of expected returns, which are estimated based on analysis of various factors including historical returns, current economic trends, and changes in customer demand. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded a sales returns reserve of 3.9 million and 13.8 million, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets. We recorded 18.2 million of estimated sales returns as a reduction in revenue during 2022 based on our estimated returns of products sold during the year, which includes 13.3 million recorded during the third quarter of 2021 primarily based on our estimate that a majority of customers with unsubmitted claims will choose to return the hearing aid system if their insurance provider denies their claim or the claim is ultimately not submitted by us for payment (as further described in DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits ). See also the caption Sales returns reserve under Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The estimated sales returns recorded during the third quarter of 2021 included 5.1 million related to transactions that occurred during the first and second quarters of 2021. These estimates are inherently subject to estimation uncertainty because they assume the potential actions that a substantial number of our insurance pay customers may take as a result of the unavailability of insurance benefits as a direct payment method, which increases the probability of higher returns. If actual returns differ from our estimates or new factors arise indicating a rate of return that is different from our original estimate, an adjustment to revenue in a subsequent period will be recorded, which could have a material impact on our results of operations. 
 Accounts receivable estimated credit losses 
 Accounts receivable is recorded net of an allowance for expected credit losses, which is based on our historical collection experience, current and future economic market conditions and a review of the current aging status and financial condition of our customers. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded an allowance for credit losses of 0.2 million and 4.8 million, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets. We recorded 0.7 million and 9.6 million in bad debt expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Bad debt expense recorded in 2021 was primarily based on our estimate that, in addition to the customers who choose to return their hearing aid systems, a significant number of customers with an extended right of return whose claims are denied by insurance providers or are not submitted by us for payment may not pay for or return the hearing aid system. Of the 9.6 million recorded to bad debt expense during the year ended December 31, 2021, 5.8 million relates to submitted claims that have been denied or have not been paid and were written off during 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we released 4.5 million from the allowance for credit losses balance as part of the Pricing Concession. See the captions DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits and Allowance for credit losses in the Notes 1 and 4 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 As similarly described in Revenue recognition sales returns reserve above, estimates with respect to the actions of our customers, in this case relating to non-payment, are subject to estimation uncertainty, particularly because any attempt to predict the behavior of individual customers can be affected by a variety of external factors. If actual credit losses differ from our estimates or new factors arise indicating credit losses that are different from our original estimate, it could have a material impact on our future operating expenses and results of operations. 
 Stock-based compensation valuation of equity awards 
 The valuation model used for calculating the estimated fair value of stock options and purchase rights granted under the employee stock purchase plan is the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Black-Scholes model requires us to make assumptions and judgments about the variables used in the calculations, including the expected term (weighted-average period of time that the stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding), the expected volatility of our common stock, the related risk-free interest rate and the expected dividend. We have elected to recognize forfeitures of stock options as they occur. 
 The Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires the use of highly subjective assumptions which determine the fair value of stock-based awards. These assumptions include: 
 Fair value of common stock . For grants prior to our IPO in October 2020, the fair value of our common stock underlying share-based awards was estimated on each grant date by our board of directors. In order to determine the fair value of our common stock underlying option grants, our board of directors considered, among other things, valuations of our common stock prepared by an unrelated third-party valuation firm in accordance with the guidance provided by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Practice Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation. For all grants subsequent to our IPO in October 2020, the fair value of common 

75 

stock was determined by using the closing price per share of common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 

Expected term . The expected term represents the period that share-based awards are expected to be outstanding. The expected term for option grants is determined using the simplified method. The simplified method deems the term to be the average of the time-to-vesting and the contractual life of the share-based awards. 

Expected volatility . Since we had been privately held and did not have any trading history for our common stock and subsequent to our IPO have limited trading history for our common stock, the expected volatility was estimated based on the average volatility for comparable publicly traded companies over a period equal to the expected term of the stock option grants. The comparable companies were chosen based on their similar size, stage in the life cycle or area of specialty. 

Risk-free interest rate . The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon issues in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the expected term of option. 

Expected dividend . We have never paid dividends on our common stock and have no plans to pay dividends on our common stock. Therefore, we used an expected dividend yield of zero. 

Recent accounting pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements appearing under Part II, Item 8 for more information about recent accounting pronouncements, the timing of their adoption, and our assessment. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Interest rate risk 
 Our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 consists of 101.2 million in bank deposits and money market funds. Such interest-earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. The goals of our investment policy are liquidity and capital preservation; we do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate exposure. We believe that we do not have any material exposure to changes in the fair value of these assets as a result of changes in interest rates due to the short-term nature of our cash and cash equivalents. 
 As of December 31, 2021, we had 15.0 million in variable rate debt outstanding. On June 28, 2022 in connection with the Note Transaction, we repaid all amounts outstanding and terminated the 2018 Loan Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, we had no debt outstanding. Refer to Note 8 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information regarding the Note Purchase Agreement and related transactions. 
 
 76 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 	 78 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 	 80 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 	 81 

Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity 
 	 82 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 84 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 85 

77 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Eargo, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Eargo, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, convertible preferred stock and stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Going Concern 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company's losses, negative cash flows and current lack of financial resources raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Description of Business and other matters Pricing Concession Refer to Notes 1, 2, and 4 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a sales returns reserve as a result of an offer to customers with potential insurance coverage the option to return their hearing aids. The Company also recorded an allowance for credit losses related to all outstanding insurance claims receivable as of December 31, 2021. 
 78 

In September 2022, the Company made the determination not to seek payment for approximately 16.1 million from customers with unsubmitted and unpaid insurance claims for customers with potential insurance coverage, which was accounted for as a pricing concession (the Pricing Concession ). 
 We identified management s accounting evaluation and conclusions around the Pricing Concession as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments required by management to appropriately account for the Pricing Concession. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the involvement of professionals in our firm having expertise in revenue recognition when performing audit procedures to evaluate the accounting conclusions and amounts recorded. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the accounting evaluation and conclusions around the Pricing Concession related to unsubmitted and unpaid insurance claims included the following, among others: 
 With the assistance of professionals in our firm having expertise in revenue recognition, we evaluated the Company s accounting considerations and conclusions under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), regarding the accounting for the Pricing Concession. 

We evaluated whether the assertions and assumptions made by management supporting their conclusions regarding the Price Concession were consistent with the evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

Rights Offering and debt obligations the Notes Refer to Notes 1, 2, 3, and 8 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company entered into a note purchase agreement with Patient Square Capital PSC in June of 2022. This agreement contained the right for PSC to convert their debt into equity. The Company elected to use the fair value option to account for the notes that were issued in June 2022 and remeasured the underlying liability through the notes conversion on November 23 and 25, 2022. 
 We identified the accounting related to the issuance and reacquisition of the notes to be a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments required by management to appropriately account for the issuance and reacquisition of the notes. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the involvement of professionals in our firm having expertise in debt and financial instruments when performing audit procedures to evaluate the accounting conclusions and amounts recorded. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the accounting evaluation related to the issuance and reacquisition of the notes included the following, among others: 
 With the assistance of professionals in our firm having expertise in debt and financial instruments, we evaluated the Company s accounting considerations and conclusions under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), regarding the accounting for the issuance and reacquisition of the notes. 

We evaluated whether the assertions and assumptions made by management supporting their conclusions regarding the issuance and reacquisition of the notes were consistent with the underlying note agreement and the evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

/s/ 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 
 79 

Eargo, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 In thousands, except share and per share amounts 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Sales returns reserve 

Settlement liability 

Long-term debt, current portion 

Other current liabilities 

Lease liability, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Lease liability, noncurrent portion 

Long-term debt, noncurrent portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Common stock; par value; and shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 80 

Eargo, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 In thousands, except share and per share amounts 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue, net 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Other income (expense), net: 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

Change in fair value of convertible notes 

() 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

() 

() 

Total other income (expense), net 

() 

() 

() 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax provision 

Net loss and comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

Gain on extinguishment of Series C and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 81 

Eargo, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity 
 In thousands, except share amounts 
 
 82 

Convertible preferred stock 

Common stock 

Additional paid-in 

Accumulated 

Total stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

capital 

deficit 

equity (deficit) 

Balance December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

Issuance of Series E convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs of 

Issuance of Series E convertible preferred stock upon extinguishment of convertible notes payable 

Gain on extinguishment of Series C and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock 

() 

Conversion of convertible preferred stock to common stock upon initial public offering 

() 

() 

Conversion of convertible preferred stock warrants to common stock warrants upon initial public offering 

Issuance of common stock upon initial public offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs of 

Exercise of common stock warrants 

Stock-based compensation 

Exercise of stock options 

Net loss and comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2020 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Exercise of stock options and release of restricted stock units 

Issuance of common stock in connection with employee stock purchase plan 

Net loss and comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2021 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Exercise of stock options and release of restricted stock units 

Tax withholdings on settlement of restricted stock units 

() 

() 

Issuance costs 

Conversion of convertible notes 

Issuance of common stock upon rights offering, net of issuance costs of 

Net loss and comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2022 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 83 

Eargo, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 In thousands 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Non-cash interest expense and amortization of debt discount 

Debt issuance costs from convertible notes 

Change in fair value of convertible notes 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Non-cash operating lease expense 

Bad debt expense 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Inventories 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other noncurrent and current assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued expenses 

() 

Sales returns reserve 

() 

Settlement liability 

() 

Other current and noncurrent liabilities 

() 

() 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

() 

Investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Capitalized software development costs 

() 

() 

() 

Cash paid for acquisition of business 

() 

- 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes, net of issuance costs paid to lender 

Payment of convertible notes issuance costs to third parties 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon rights offering, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from convertible preferred stock issuance, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from debt financing 

Debt repayments 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon initial public offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs 

() 

Proceeds from PPP loan 

Repayment of PPP loan 

() 

Proceeds from stock options exercised 

Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan purchases 

Payment of taxes related to net share settlement of restricted stock units 

() 

Restricted stock units settled in cash 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Non-cash operating activities: 

Lease liability obtained in exchange for right-of-use asset 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Property and equipment and capitalized software costs in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Stock-based compensation included in capitalized software costs 

Convertible preferred stock issuance costs included in accounts payable 

Common stock issued on conversion of convertible preferred stock upon initial public offering 

Common stock issued upon conversion of convertible notes 

Conversion of convertible preferred stock warrants to common stock warrants and related reclassification of convertible preferred stock warrant liability to additional paid in capital 

Offering costs in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Issuance of Series E convertible preferred stock upon extinguishment of convertible notes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 84 

Eargo, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 basis (the Reverse Stock Split ). The Company s common stock began trading on a post-split basis on January 18, 2023. The number of authorized shares of the common stock was not adjusted as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. All share and per share data in these consolidated financial statements have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the effect of the Reverse Stock Split for all periods presented. The shares of common stock retain a par value of per share. Accordingly, an amount equal to the par value of the decreased shares resulting from the Reverse Stock Split was reclassified from common stock to additional paid-in capital. DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits On September 21, 2021, the Company was informed that it was the target of a criminal investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ related to insurance claims for reimbursement the Company submitted on behalf of its customers covered by various federal employee health plans under the Federal Employee Health Benefits FEHB program, which is administered by the Office of Personnel Management (the OPM ). The investigation also pertained to Eargo s role in claim submissions to federal employee health plans (collectively, the DOJ investigation ). Total payments the Company received from the government in relation to claims submitted under the FEHB program, as subject to the DOJ investigation, net of any product returns and associated refunds, were approximately million. Additionally, the third-party payor with whom the Company historically had the largest volume, which is one of the carriers contracted with the OPM under the FEHB program largest third-party payor ), conducted an audit of insurance claims for reimbursement claims submitted by the Company (the Primary Audit ), which included a review of medical records. The Company was informed by the third-party payor conducting the Primary Audit that the DOJ was the principal contact related to the subject matter of the Primary Audit. On January 4, 2022, the DOJ confirmed to the Company that the investigation had been referred to the Civil Division of the DOJ and the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Northern District of Texas and the criminal investigation was no longer active. On April 29, 2022, the Company entered into a civil settlement agreement with the U.S. government that resolved the DOJ investigation related to the Company s role in claim submissions to various federal employee health plans under the FEHB program. The settlement agreement provided for the Company s payment of approximately million to the U.S. government and resolved allegations that the Company submitted or caused the submission of claims for payment to the FEHB program using unsupported hearing loss-related diagnostic codes. As discussed further in Note 6, based on the settlement agreement with the U.S. government, the Company recorded a settlement liability of million as of December 31, 2021. The settlement amount was treated as consideration payable to a customer and was recorded as a reduction of revenue in the third quarter of 2021. On May 2, 2022, the Company paid the settlement amount. From the time the Company learned of the DOJ investigation and until December 8, 2021, the Company continued to process orders for customers with potential insurance benefits (including FEHB program members) but suspended all claims submission activities and offered affected customers (i.e., customers using insurance benefits as a method of direct payment for transactions prior to December 8, 2021) the option to return their hearing aids or purchase their hearing aids without the use of their insurance benefits in case their claim was denied or ultimately not submitted by the Company to their insurance plan for payment (the extended right of return ). From December 8, 2021 until September 15, 2022, the Company did not accept insurance benefits as a method of direct payment. The Company determined that customer transactions using insurance benefits as a method of direct payment occurring between September 21, 2021 (when the Company learned of the DOJ investigation) and December 8, 2021 (when the Company temporarily stopped accepting insurance benefits as a method of direct payment) did not meet the criteria for revenue recognition and, as such, the Company did not recognize revenue for shipments within that timeframe to customers with potential insurance benefits, substantially all of whom were covered under the FEHB program. The Company previously estimated that a majority of customers with unsubmitted claims would choose to return the hearing aid system if their insurance provider denied their claim or the claim was ultimately not submitted by the Company for payment, resulting in an increase in expected product returns from sales transactions that occurred prior to September 21, 2021 and recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. Returns associated with unsubmitted claims reduce the sales returns reserve, with a corresponding reduction in the related accounts receivable at the time the product is returned. Further, the Company also estimated that, in addition to the customers who chose to return their hearing aid systems, a significant number of customers whose claims were denied by payors or not submitted by the Company for payment would not pay for or return the hearing aid system, resulting in bad debt expense that was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. In September 2022, the Company made the determination not to seek payment for approximately million from customers with unsubmitted and unpaid claims which was accounted for as a pricing concession (the Pricing Concession ). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a million reduction to its insurance-related accounts receivable balance along with related reduction to net revenue of million and an allowance for credit losses balance of million for such unsubmitted and unpaid claims. Further, the Company simultaneously recorded a decrease in its insurance-related sales return reserve of million along with a corresponding increase of million to net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to unsubmitted and unpaid claims. These changes resulted in a decrease in net revenue of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Liquidity and going concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities during the normal course of business. The Company has incurred losses and negative cash flows from operations since its inception and management expects to incur additional substantial losses in the foreseeable future. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of million and an accumulated deficit of million. In June 2022, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement Note Purchase Agreement with an affiliate of Patient Square Capital (the PSC Stockholder and Drivetrain Agency Services, LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent. Pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to issue and sell up to million in senior secured convertible notes (the Notes of the Company, convertible into shares of common stock (the Note Transaction ), of which the Company issued million in June 2022 and million in November 2022 . In November 2022, the Company completed a rights offering for up to newly issued shares of common stock Rights Offering ), as required under the terms of the Note Transaction documents and raised million in net proceeds from existing investors. Subsequent to the Rights Offering, the outstanding Notes converted into shares of the Company s common stock (the Conversion Shares . The Note Transaction and Rights Offering are discussed further in Note 8. Since the announcement of the DOJ investigation, there has been and may continue to be a significant reduction in shipments, revenue and gross margin, which has and could continue to negatively impact the Company s liquidity and working capital, including impacting its ability to access additional capital. It is difficult to assess or predict at this time the extent to which the Company is able to validate and establish additional processes to support the submission of claims for reimbursement to health plans, including those under the FEHB program, and the future impacts of the implementation of an over-the-counter OTC hearing aid regulatory framework (which may lead insurance providers to take actions limiting the Company s ability to access insurance coverage). The Company believes that without an alternative future financing, its current resources are insufficient to satisfy its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that these consolidated financial statements are issued. The negative cash flows and current lack of financial resources of the Company raise substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. If the Company is unable to raise additional funding to meet its operational needs, it will be forced to limit or cease its operations . These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of the uncertainty. 

based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from those estimates. 
 . The Company regularly maintains cash balances in deposit accounts in excess of the FDIC insured limits. Additionally, the Company s cash equivalents are held in accordance with cash sweep arrangements with financial institutions, which amounts are invested in money market accounts that are neither included on the balance sheets of such financial institutions nor insured by the FDIC. According to such cash sweep arrangements, the Company believes it should be recognized by the FDIC as the owner of assets in the event of financial institution s failure, such as the March 10, 2023 closure of Silicon Valley Bank. 
 of the Company s gross accounts receivable as of December 31, 2021 were for customers with insurance benefits, substantially all of whom were covered under the FEHB program. Furthermore, approximately of the Company s gross accounts receivable as of December 31, 2021 were related to shipments of Eargo hearing aids to customers insured under a single insurance plan whose claims are processed through the Company s largest third-party payor, which conducted the Primary Audit. The Company remains subject to a prepayment review of claims by the payor who conducted the Primary Audit. Please see caption DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits in Note 1 for more information regarding the DOJ investigation and claims audits. As of December 31, 2022, subsequent to the Pricing Concession, there was no credit risk concentration in the Company s accounts receivable. 

. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the consolidated balance sheets and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations in the period realized. Repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. 
 . Post-implementation activities including training and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Capitalized costs less accumulated amortization are recorded as a component of property and equipment, net on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 reflecting the period in which the economic benefits of the assets are expected to be realized. The Company evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets or group of assets may not be fully recoverable. Recoverability is measured by comparing the carrying amount to the future net undiscounted cash flows which the assets are expected to generate. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the projected discounted future net cash flows arising from the asset. 
 
 or two-year limited warranty on its hearing aid products and accrues for the estimated future costs of repair or replacement upon shipment of the original product based upon current and historical information for the cost to repair or replace the product. Product warranty reserve is recorded as a component of accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheets and the related expense is recorded as a component of cost of revenue in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 customer that is not for a distinct good or service is accounted for as a reduction of the transaction price and recorded as a reduction in revenue in the period it becomes payable. 

 Concessions: Concessions are generally viewed as any post-execution change to the original agreement between the Company and customer that increase the customer s rights or the Company s obligations without a commensurate increase to the consideration due the Company. Concessions may take many forms and include, but are not limited to, (i) accepting returns that are not required under the terms of the original arrangement, (ii) reducing the arrangement fee, and (iii) extending the terms of payment. While the Company granted a price concession to its customers with unsubmitted and unpaid claims during the year ended December 31, 2022 (please see caption DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits in Note 1), the Company does not have an established history of providing concessions to its customers and has determined that no adjustments should made to the transaction price in the Company s ongoing customer arrangements. However, for each reporting period, the Company will re-evaluate the occurrence and level of materiality of concessions and will assess any potential impact on the transaction price accordingly. 

 Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract. For contracts that contain multiple performance obligations, the Company allocates the transaction price to the performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. Standalone selling prices are based on multiple factors including, but not limited to, historical discounting trends for products and services, gross margin objectives, internal costs, competitor pricing strategies, and industry technology lifecycles. Recognize revenue when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation . Revenue for products (hearing aid systems and related accessories) is recognized at a point in time, which is generally upon shipment, provided all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. Revenue for services (extended warranty) is recognized over time on a ratable basis over the warranty period. The Company does not have material contract liabilities related to unsatisfied performance obligations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Contract costs The Company applies the practical expedient to recognize the incremental costs of obtaining a contract as expense when incurred if the amortization period would be one year or less. These incremental costs include processing fees paid to third-party financing vendors, who provide the Company s customers with the option to finance their purchases. If a customer elects to utilize this service, the Company receives a non-recourse upfront payment for the product sold, less processing fee withheld by the financing vendor. These processing fees are recognized in cost of revenue in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss as incurred. 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 expected dividend yield is zero as the Company has not paid nor does it anticipate paying any dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future. For stock-based awards that vest subject to the satisfaction of a service requirement, the fair value measurement date is the date of grant and the expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. For stock-based awards with performance-based vesting conditions, the expense is recognized over the vesting period using the accelerated attribution method. The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur. 
 
 operating and reportable segment, with all operations in the United States. 
 employer contributions under this plan to date. 
 
 have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 ), which is intended to simplify the accounting for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. This standard removes the existing guidance in Subtopic 470-20 that requires companies to account for cash conversion features and beneficial conversion features in equity, separately from the host convertible debt or preferred stock. The adoption of this standard did have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions . ASU 2022-03 clarifies that contractual sales restrictions are not considered in measuring an equity security at fair value and introduces new disclosure requirements for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions that are measured at fair value. The amendments also clarify that an entity cannot, as a separate unit of account, recognize and measure a contractual sale restriction. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. The adoption of this standard did have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted The Company does not believe that any recently issued accounting pronouncements and other authoritative guidance with the effective dates in the future will have material impact to its financial position or results of operations when implemented. 

financial assets and liabilities outstanding that were remeasured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The carrying amounts reflected in the consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature. The fair value of the Notes was determined based on significant inputs not observable in the market, which represents a level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. Prior to the closing of the Rights Offering, the fair value of the Notes was estimated as a combination of the Company s equity, an option on the Company s equity valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, and a short position in a bond valued under the discounted cash flow model. The conversion date fair value of the Notes was estimated based on the closing price of the Company's common stock adjusted for the impact of certain legal restrictions on the Conversion Shares (see Note 8). 

Change in fair value of convertible notes 

Conversion of convertible notes 

() 

Balance December 31, 2022 

Finished goods 

Total inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Marketing costs 

Payroll advances 

Software subscriptions 

Product launch fee 

Insurance costs 

Other 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Tools and lab equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Computer and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 
 () 

() 

Total property and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is million, million and million, respectively, which includes amortization of capitalized software costs of million, million and million, respectively. Accrued expenses 

Accrued warranty reserve 

Refunds due to customers 

Other accrued expenses 

Total accrued expenses 

Sales returns reserve 

Reduction of revenue 

Decrease related to Pricing Concession 

() 

Utilization of sales returns reserve 

() 

() 

() 

Sales returns reserve, ending balance 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, as part of the Pricing Concession, the Company recorded a decrease in its insurance-related sales return reserve liability of million related to unsubmitted and unpaid claims, which was recorded against revenue in the consolidated statement of operations. Please see caption DOJ investigation and settlement and claims audits in Note 1. Allowance for credit losses 

Charged to expense 

Accounts written off, net of recoveries 

() 

() 

() 

Allowance for credit losses, ending balance 

Accrued warranty reserve 

Charged to cost of revenue 

Utilization of accrued warranty reserve 

() 

() 

() 

Accrued warranty reserve, ending balance 

million in cash, all of which has been paid as of December 31, 2021. This purchase was accounted for as a business combination. Clementine offers remote audiology solutions and self-administered hearing screen technology to consumers across digital and in-person settings with an online tool. The Company believes that integrating this technology with the Company s telecare infrastructure has the potential to further advance its core mission of making it easier for consumers to assess their hearing, consult with hearing professionals, and purchase Eargo hearing devices more conveniently. 

Intangible assets 

Total fair value of consideration 

The intangible assets acquired in the Clementine acquisition are comprised primarily of developed technologies and have a weighted-average amortization period of years as of the date of the acquisition. 

 square feet of office and laboratory space located in San Jose, California, which the Company has used as its headquarters since early 2022. term with renewal options, which are not reasonably certain of being exercised. The Company recorded a right-of-use asset of million and lease liability of million as of commencement of the lease. Nashville lease In February 2021, the Company amended the operating lease for its Nashville, Tennessee office to extend the term of the initial lease through March 2023 and reduce the size of office space leased. This extension was accounted for as a lease modification and the Company recorded an increase to the right-of-use asset and lease liability of million at the time of the amendment. Operating lease summary As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an aggregate right-of-use asset of million and an aggregate lease liability of million in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. These balances were initially estimated using a weighted-average incremental borrowing rate of . The weighted-average remaining lease term is years as of December 31, 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred million, million and million, respectively, in operating lease costs. Variable lease payments for operating expenses and costs related to short-term leases were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, net cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities was million, million and million, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total minimum future lease payments 

Present value adjustment for minimum lease commitments 

() 

Total lease liability 

Legal and other contingencies The Company is involved in legal proceedings in the ordinary course of its business and may become involved in additional legal proceedings. Other than those listed below, the Company does not believe that any lawsuits or claims currently pending against it, individually or in the aggregate, are material or will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The Company may enter into settlement discussions, and may enter into settlement agreements, if it believes settlement is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. Unless stated otherwise, the matters discussed below, if decided adversely or settled by the Company, individually or in the aggregate, may result in a liability material to the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The Company is also subject to review from federal and state taxing authorities in order to validate the amounts of income, sales and/or use taxes which have been claimed and remitted. The Company has estimated exposure and established reserves for its estimated sales tax audit liability. In the normal course of business, the Company may agree to indemnify third parties with whom it enters into contractual relationships, including customers, lessors, and parties to other transactions with the Company, with respect to certain matters. The Company has agreed, under certain conditions, to hold these third parties harmless against specified losses, such as those arising from a breach of representations or covenants, other third-party claims that the Company s products, when used for their intended purposes, infringe the intellectual property rights of such other third parties, or other claims made against certain parties. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount of liability under these indemnification obligations due to the Company s limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances that are likely to be involved in any particular claim. DOJ Investigation and Settlement On September 21, 2021, the Company was informed that it was the target of a criminal investigation by the DOJ related to insurance claims for reimbursement the Company submitted on behalf of its customers covered by various federal employee health plans under the FEHB program. The investigation also pertained to the Company s role in claim submissions to federal employee health plans. Additionally, the Company was the subject of an ongoing claims audit by an insurance company that was historically the Company s largest third-party payor and was informed by such insurance company that the DOJ was the principal contact related to the subject matter of the audit. In addition to such audit, the Company has been subject to a number of other audits of claims submitted to additional third-party payors. One of these claims audits did not relate to claims submitted under the FEHB program. On January 4, 2022, the DOJ confirmed to the Company that the investigation had been referred to the Civil Division of the DOJ and the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Northern District of Texas and the criminal investigation was no longer active. On April 29, 2022, the Company entered into a civil settlement agreement with the U.S. government that resolved the DOJ investigation, including allegations that the Company violated the False Claims Act by knowingly submitting or causing the submission of false claims for payment under the FEHB program during the period from February 1, 2021 through September 22, 2021. The settlement agreement provided for the payment by the Company of approximately million to the U.S. government and resolved allegations that the Company submitted or caused the submission of claims for payment to the FEHB program using unsupported hearing loss-related diagnostic codes. As of December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a million settlement liability in the consolidated balance sheets in connection with the settlement. The settlement amount was treated as consideration payable to a customer and was recorded as a reduction in revenue in the third quarter of 2021. On May 2, 2022, the Company paid the settlement amount. The settlement of the investigation may not resolve all of the claims audits initiated by various third-party payors, and additionally the Company remains subject to a prepayment review of claims by the payor who conducted the Primary Audit. The Company intends to continue to work with applicable third-party payors to establish processes to support any claims that it may submit for reimbursement, and there are no guarantees that the Company will be able to arrive at such acceptable processes or submit future claims in sufficient volume to meaningfully restore or expanded its insurance-based business. Securities Class Action On October 6, 2021, putative shareholder Joseph Fazio filed a purported securities class action against the Company and certain of its officers, captioned Fazio v. Eargo, Inc., et al. , No. 21-cv-07848 (N.D. Cal. Oct. 6, 2021) (the Fazio Action ). Plaintiff Fazio alleges that certain of the Company s disclosures about its business, operations, and prospects, including reimbursement from third-party payors, violated federal securities laws. Fazio voluntarily dismissed his complaint on December 6, 2021. On November 4, 2021, putative shareholder Alden Chung filed a purported class action lawsuit substantially similar to the Fazio Action, captioned Chung v. Eargo, Inc., et al. , No. 21-cv-08597 (N.D. Cal. Nov. 4, 2021) (the Chung Action ). On November 10, 2021, putative shareholder IBEW Local 353 Pension Plan filed a purported class action substantially similar to the Fazio and Chung Actions and also asserting claims under the federal securities laws against current and former members of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board of Directors and the underwriters of the Company s October 15, 2020 initial public offering of common stock, captioned IBEW Local 353 Pension Plan v. Eargo, Inc., et al. , No. 21-cv-08747 (N.D. Cal. Nov. 10, 2021) (the IBEW Action ). These class actions, which seek damages and other relief, were filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. The Fazio and Chung Actions were brought purportedly on behalf of a class of investors who purchased or otherwise acquired Eargo securities between February 25, 2021 and September 22, 2021. The IBEW Local 353 Action was brought purportedly on behalf of a class of investors who purchased or otherwise acquired: (i) Eargo shares in or traceable to the Company s October 15, 2020 initial public offering of common stock; and/or (ii) shares of Eargo common stock between October 15, 2020 and September 22, 2021. On January 5, 2022, the court consolidated the foregoing class actions (as consolidated, the Securities Class Action under the caption In re Eargo, Inc. Securities Litigation , No. 21-cv-08597-CRB, and appointed IBEW Local 353 Pension Plan and Xiaobin Cai as Lead Plaintiffs and Bernstein Litowitz Berger Grossmann LLP and Block Leviton LLP as Lead Counsel. On May 20, 2022, Lead Plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint, which purported to extend the class period through March 2, 2022. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss on July 29, 2022. The Court granted the defendants motion to dismiss on February 14, 2023. Plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint on March 16, 2023. Defendants plan to file a second motion to dismiss. The Company intends to vigorously defend the Securities Class Action and cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise from the litigation. Accordingly, the Company can provide no assurance as to the scope and outcome of this matter and no assurance as to whether its business, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows will not be materially adversely affected. Derivative Action On December 3, 2021, putative shareholder Barbara Wolfson filed a derivative complaint purportedly on the Company s behalf against members of the Board of Directors and the Company as nominal defendant, captioned Wolfson v. Gormsen , et. al., No. 21-cv-09342 (N.D. Cal. Dec. 3, 2021) (the Wolfson Action ). Plaintiff asserts, among other things, that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties by allegedly failing to implement and maintain an effective system of internal controls related to the Company s financial reporting, public disclosures and compliance with laws, rules and regulations governing the business. Plaintiff purports to assert derivative claims on the Company s behalf for alleged violations of Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, breach of fiduciary duty, waste of corporate assets, and aiding and abetting. On March 1, 2022, the court entered the parties stipulation staying the Wolfson Action until the resolution of the motion to dismiss in the Securities Class Action. On June 9, 2022, putative shareholder Brodie Woodward filed a derivative complaint purportedly on Eargo s behalf against the same defendants as in the Wolfson Action, as well as Juliet Tammenoms Bakker, Adam Laponis, and Geoff Pardo, captioned Woodward v. Gormsen, et al. , No. 22-cv-03419 (N.D. Cal. June 9, 2022) (together with the Wolfson Action, the Derivative Action ). Plaintiff Woodward asserts substantively similar allegations and causes of action as those asserted in the Wolfson Action. On August 4, 2022, the court granted the parties stipulation to consolidate the Derivative Action and to stay the consolidated action until the resolution of the motion to dismiss in the Securities Class Action. The defendants intend to vigorously defend the Derivative Action and cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise from the litigations. Accordingly, the Company can provide no assurance as to the scope and outcome of these matters and no assurance as to whether its business, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows will not be materially adversely affected. Proxy Statement Class Action On September 14, 2022, putative shareholder Adam C. Wolfe filed a purposed securities class action against members of the Board of Directors and the Company as nominal defendant, captioned Wolfe v. Gormsen, et al. , No. 2022-0812-MTZ (Del. Ch. Sept. 14, 2022) (the Wolfe Action ). Plaintiff Wolfe asserted, among other things, breaches of fiduciary duty by the Board of Directors in connection with the Note issuance, as well as that the Company s proxy statement omitted material information concerning the Note issuance. Plaintiff Wolfe sought injunctive relief and attorneys fees and costs, among other remedies. Although the Company believes no supplemental disclosures were required under applicable law, to alleviate the costs, risks and uncertainties inherent in litigation, avoid any potential delay in the Company s annual meeting of stockholders or the Rights Offering and provide additional information to its stockholders, on October 3, 2022, the Company filed a Current Report on Form 8-K to voluntarily supplement its proxy statement disclosures. On October 17, 2022, Plaintiff Wolfe filed a notice of dismissal with the court, which the court granted on October 24, 2022. On March 15, 2023, the parties agreed that the Company would pay to Plaintiff Wolfe s counsel in full satisfaction of Plaintiff Wolfe s claim for attorneys fees and expenses in the Wolfe Action. The court was not asked to review, and did not pass judgment on, the payment of the attorneys fees and expenses or their reasonableness. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a settlement liability in such amount in the consolidated balance sheets. 

 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the Clementine acquisition (Note 5). There was impairment of goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Intangible assets, net 

Other 

Total intangible assets, net 

Amortization expense was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. There was impairment of intangible assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

2024 

2025 

Total 

million of Notes. On June 28, 2022 (the First Tranche Closing ), the Company closed the initial issuance of million of Notes (the First Tranche Notes ). As a result of applying the fair value option, direct costs and fees related to the Notes of million were expensed as incurred to general and administrative expenses. The maturity date of the Notes was expected on the one-year anniversary of the First Tranche Closing, subject to earlier conversion, redemption or repurchase as provided by their terms. Rights Offering In October 2022, the Company s stockholders approved the Rights Offering for an aggregate of shares of common stock to the Company s stockholders at a fixed offering price of per share of common stock. On November 23, 2022, the Company completed the Rights Offering and existing shareholders subscribed to purchase shares of the Company s common stock resulting in net proceeds of million to the Company. Second Tranche Closing Pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, the noteholders agreed to purchase up to an additional million of Notes if the Company completed the Rights Offering within 150 days from the First Tranche Closing and the Company s existing stockholders subscribed to purchase less than shares. On November 23, 2022, following the completion the Rights Offering, the Company issued an additional million of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes (the Second Tranche Notes ). Issuance of Conversion Shares On November 23, 2022, the First Tranche Notes converted into shares of the Company s common stock. On November 25, 2022, the Second Tranche Notes converted into shares of the Company s common stock. Following the conversion, the PSC Stockholder beneficially owned the Conversion Shares representing approximately of the Company s common stock Change in Control ). The estimated fair value of the Conversion Shares of million was based on the closing prices of the Company s common stock on the conversion dates adjusted for the impact of certain legal restrictions on the Conversion Shares. 2018 Loan Agreement In June 2018, the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the 2018 Loan Agreement with Silicon Valley Bank. Under the terms of the 2018 Loan Agreement, Silicon Valley Bank made available to the Company term loans in an aggregate principal amount of million and the Company borrowed million in 2018. The Company s existing subsidiaries were, and any additional future domestic subsidiaries of the Company were required to be co-borrowers jointly and severally liable under the 2018 Loan Agreement. In January 2019, the Company executed the First Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement, which extended the interest-only period for all borrowings under the agreement until January 2020. In June 2019, the Company borrowed an additional million to increase the total principal balance to million. In connection with the June 2019 borrowing, the Company issued Silicon Valley Bank warrants to purchase shares of Series C convertible preferred stock. In May 2020, the Company executed the Second Amendment to its Loan and Security Agreement, which deferred the principal payments due between May 2020 and July 2020 such that the deferred amounts will be repaid in equal monthly payments that started in August 2020 through the scheduled maturity of the loan in June 2022. The amendment was accounted for as a modification. In September 2020, the Company executed the Third Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement (the Third Amendment ), under which Silicon Valley Bank made available to the Company additional term loans in an aggregate principal amount of million through December 31, 2020. The Company borrowed million in September 2020 and used million of the proceeds to repay the outstanding balance of million and final payment fee of million, or of the original aggregate principal amount, on the existing term loan. The Company s ability to borrow any additional principal under the Third Amendment expired unused on December 31, 2020. Subsequent to the Third Amendment, the term loan had a maturity date in September 2024 with interest-only monthly payments until January 2022, which was extended to July 2022 upon the completion of the Company s IPO in October 2020. The term loan included an interest at a per annum rate equal to the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus and a final payment fee equal to of the original aggregate principal amount. In connection with the execution of the Third Amendment, the Company issued Silicon Valley Bank a warrant to purchase shares of Series E convertible preferred stock. The amendment was accounted for as a modification. In June 2022, in connection with the Note Transaction, the Company repaid the outstanding balance of million, as well as a prepayment fee of million and a final payment fee of million, and terminated the 2018 Loan Agreement. In connection with the repayment of the 2018 Loan Agreement, the Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of million. outstanding debt as of December 31, 2022. The balance of the term loans as of December 31, 2021 is as follows: 

December 31, 

2021 

(in thousands) 

Principal value of long-term debt 

Net of debt discount and accretion of final payment 

Long-term debt, current and noncurrent 

Less: Long-term debt, current portion 

() 

Long-term debt, noncurrent portion 

During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, for the 2018 Loan Agreement, the Company recognized interest expense of million, million, and million which is inclusive of amortization of debt discount. 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation 

Stock-based compensation costs capitalized as part of capitalized software costs was million and million during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. stock-based compensation costs were capitalized during the year ended December 31, 2022. Equity incentive plans In November 2010, the Company adopted the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2010 Plan under which the Board had the authority to issue stock options to employees, directors and consultants. In October 2020, the Company s board of directors and stockholders adopted and approved the 2020 Incentive Award Plan, (the 2020 Plan and 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ). The Company s 2010 Plan was terminated in connection with the IPO and no further grants will be made under the 2010 Plan from the date that the 2020 Plan became effective. As of December 31, 2022, shares of common stock are issuable upon the exercise of outstanding awards under the 2010 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had reserved shares of common stock for issuance under the 2020 Plan, of which shares were available for issuance in connection with grants of future awards. As a result of the uncertainty created by the DOJ investigation and the claims audits, on November 9, 2021, the Company temporarily restricted its employees from selling Company common stock, ceased granting stock option awards and restricted stock units RSUs that settle solely in Company common stock, suspended its ESPP and paused the settlement of outstanding RSUs, each effective as of November 9, 2021. The Company resumed granting RSUs on March 18, 2022. RSUs that vested on November 15, 2021 were settled in cash during the first quarter of 2022. All RSUs that vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 were settled in shares during the reporting period. The Company resumed granting stock option awards on August 23, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, all outstanding equity awards continue to vest in accordance with their existing vesting schedules. The Board of Directors also determined to suspend the non-employee director compensation program with respect to the option awards that would otherwise have been awarded to non-employee directors automatically on the date of the Company s annual meeting of stockholders held on November 9, 2021. All equity awards that are currently outstanding continue to vest in accordance with their existing vesting schedules. During the third quarter of 2022 the Board of Directors resumed the practice of granting equity awards to non-employee directors. In November 2022, subsequent to the Change in Control, the Company recorded million in stock-based compensation related to the accelerated vesting of the outstanding common stock options held by certain members of the Board of Directors pursuant to their original terms. Stock options 

Grants 

Exercises 

() 

Cancelled or forfeited 

() 

Balance December 31, 2022 

Vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and per share, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic values of options outstanding and vested and exercisable were calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the options and the fair value of the Company s common stock. The intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized stock-based compensation related to outstanding unvested stock options was million, which the Company expects to recognize over a remaining weighted-average period of years. - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Expected term 
 
 - years 
 
 - years 
 
 - years 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Dividend yield 

Restricted stock units Restricted stock units RSUs granted under the 2020 Plan are share awards that generally entitle the holder to receive freely tradable shares of the Company s common stock upon vesting. The RSUs cannot be transferred and the awards are subject to forfeiture if the holder s service to the Company terminates prior to the release of the vesting restrictions. 

RSUs granted 

RSUs vested 

() 

RSUs forfeited 

() 

Balance December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to the RSUs that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Performance-based restricted stock units In June 2021, the Company granted RSUs with performance-based vesting conditions that primarily related to the achievement of certain minimum sales of Eargo hearing aid systems and that were required to be met on or before December 31, 2022 for the awards to vest. The grant date fair value of the awards was million. The Company previously estimated that all vesting conditions were probable of being satisfied as of March 31, 2022. Subsequently, the performance-based vesting conditions became improbable of being satisfied, and the Company recorded a reduction in cumulative compensation cost of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. T hese awards remained unvested and were forfeited as of December 31, 2022. Employee stock purchase plan As of December 31, 2022, the Company reserved shares of common stock for issuance under the ESPP, of which shares were available for future issuance. The ESPP was suspended on November 9, 2021, and there were no offering periods in effect through December 31, 2022. The ESPP provides for consecutive, overlapping 24-month offering periods, which are generally divided into four purchase periods of approximately six months. The offering periods are scheduled to start on the first trading day on or after May 16 and November 16 of each year, with exception of the first offering period which commenced on October 16, 2020, the first trading day after the effective date of the Company s registration statement. Contributions under the ESPP are generally limited to a maximum of of an employee s eligible compensation. Each offering period consists of four six-month purchase periods. On each purchase date, which falls on the last date of each purchase period, ESPP participants will purchase shares of common stock at a price per share equal to of the lesser of (1) the fair market value per share of the common stock at the start of the offering period or (2) the fair market value of the common stock on the purchase date. - 

Expected term 
 
 - years 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 

Dividend yield 

Subsequent to the suspension of the ESPP on November 9, 2021, all outstanding participant contribution amounts of million were refunded to participants during the fourth quarter of 2021 and all future purchases under the current offering periods were cancelled. The Company accounted for the suspension of the ESPP as a cancellation of the ESPP and recognized million of stock-based compensation in the fourth quarter of 2021 primarily as a result of the suspension. The Company recorded an aggregate of million of stock-based compensation related to the ESPP for the year ended December 31, 2021, which includes the amounts recorded upon the suspension of the ESPP. 

 million. The Company did t record an income tax provision for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 due to its history of operating losses. All loss before income taxes was generated in the United States for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.) 

() 

() 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

Stock-based compensation 

() 

() 

Convertible debt 

Research and development tax credits 

() 

() 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Derivative liability and extinguishment of debt 

Return-to-provision adjustments 

Other 

Total current income tax provision 

Research and development credits 

Accruals and reserves 

Lease liability 

Stock-based compensation 

Interest expense carryforward 

Research and development capitalization 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets after valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

() 

Right-of-use asset 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Due to the uncertainties surrounding the realization of deferred assets through future income, the Company has established a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets and, therefore, no benefit has been recognized for the net operating loss and other deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance increased by million, million, and million during the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, research and development costs are no longer fully deductible and are required to be capitalized and amortized for U.S. tax purposes, effective January 1, 2022. The mandatory capitalization requirement increases the Company s deferred tax assets offset by a full valuation allowance. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million, of which million begin to expire in the year and million will carry over indefinitely. The Company also has state net operating loss carryovers of approximately million available to reduce future taxable income, if any. The state carryforwards begin to expire beginning in the year . As of December 31, 2022, the Company had research and development credits carryovers for federal income tax purposes of approximately million which expire beginning in the year . The Company also has state research and development credit carryforwards of approximately million as of December 31, 2022, which do not expire. Utilization of the net operating loss and credit carryforwards will be subject to an annual limitation due to the ownership percentage change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and similar state provisions. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of the net operating loss carryforwards before utilization. In the event the Company has had a change of ownership, utilization of the carryforwards could be restricted. The Company s net operating loss deferred tax asset was reduced from the prior year as a result of limitation on the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards subject to the Internal Revenue Code Section 382. Uncertain tax positions 

Increases (decreases) related to current year tax positions 

() 

Ending balance 

If recognized, gross unrecognized tax benefits would not have an impact on the Company s effective tax rate due to the Company s full valuation allowance position. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome of any particular uncertain tax position, the Company does not believe that the amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits will change significantly in the next twelve months. The Company s income tax returns for all tax years remain open to examination by federal and state taxing authorities due to the taxing authorities ability to adjust operating loss carryforwards. The Company has elected to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of the income tax provision. such expenses were incurred in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company has t made any accruals for payment of interest related to unrecognized tax benefits. 

Restricted stock units 

Shares issuable pursuant to ESPP 

Total 

() 

() 

Gain on extinguishment of Series C and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Nashville office space lease In January 2023, the Company entered into a lease agreement for approximately square feet of office space located in Nashville, Tennessee. The initial term of the lease is months commencing on the later of April 1, 2023 or the date of substantial completion of certain tenant improvements. The Company will have the right to extend the lease term once for additional years. Total noncancelable lease payments are million under the lease. The Company has an option to apply the tenant improvement allowance of million against the lease payments. 

 103 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our periodic and current reports that we file under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our management, with the participation and supervision of our principal executive officer, our principal financial officer, and our principal accounting officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive, principal financial, and principal accounting officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer, our principal financial officer and our principal accounting officer concluded that solely as a result of the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and entity level controls described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer, our principal financial officer and our principal accounting officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Remediation efforts on previously reported material weaknesses 
 In connection with the preparation of our financial statements in connection with our IPO and through the current reporting period, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weakness identified related to a lack of qualified supervisory accounting resources, including those necessary to account for and disclose certain complex transactions and for which we lacked the technical expertise to identify, analyze and appropriately record those transactions. 
 We have implemented, and are in the process of reviewing, corrective actions taken to improve our internal control over financial reporting to remediate this material weakness, including (i) the hiring of additional qualified supervisory resources and finance department employees and (ii) the engagement of additional technical accounting consulting resources. 
 In addition, in connection with the preparation of our financial statements for the financial reporting periods ended September 30, 2021 and December 31, 2021, we identified a material weakness related to a lack of sufficient qualified healthcare industry compliance and risk management resources, including those necessary to provide appropriate oversight, monitor compliance, and to identify and mitigate risks with respect to the financial reporting and disclosures of our operations. We have implemented and are in the process of implementing additional measures designed to enhance our compliance and risk management processes with respect to our operations in the healthcare industry to remediate this material weakness, including the hiring of additional qualified personnel, and the engagement of additional specialized consulting resources. 
 We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, and are continuing to implement, will be sufficient to remediate the material weaknesses we have identified or avoid potential future material weaknesses. While we believe that our efforts have improved our internal control over financial reporting, remediation of the material weaknesses will require further validation and testing of the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over a sustained period of financial reporting cycles, and we cannot assure you that we have identified all, or that we will not in the future have additional, material weaknesses. 
 104 

Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 Other than the changes intended to remediate the previously reported material weakness noted above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s report on internal control over financial reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting under the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations, or COSO, of the Treadway Commission, under the supervision of, and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer. We identified the following material weaknesses related to 1) a lack of qualified supervisory accounting resources, including those necessary to account for and disclose certain complex transactions and for which we lacked the technical expertise to identify, analyze and appropriately record those transactions, and 2) a lack of sufficient qualified healthcare industry compliance and risk management resources, including those necessary to provide appropriate oversight, monitor compliance, and to identify and mitigate risks with respect to the financial reporting and disclosures of our operations. Based on that assessment, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 were ineffective due to the existence of material weaknesses. 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 Eargo will host its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting on June 7, 2023 at 11 A.M. Pacific Time. The Annual Meeting will be held entirely online. Information regarding how stockholders may attend, submit questions and vote online during the Annual Meeting will be set forth in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting. In order for a stockholder proposal under Rule 14a-8 or director nomination to be included in the proxy statement related to the Annual Meeting or otherwise to be properly brought before the Annual Meeting, stockholders must submit any such proposals or director nomination in writing by no later than April 3, 2023 to the Secretary of the Company at 2665 North First Street, Suite 300, San Jose, California 95134. Stockholders are advised to review our Amended and Restated Bylaws, which contain additional requirements for advance notice of stockholder proposals and director nominations. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 None. 
 
 105 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required to be included by Item 10 of Form 10-K will be included in the definitive proxy statement (the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and such information is incorporated by reference herein. The Proxy Statement will be filed electronically with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required to be included by Item 11 will be included in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and such information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required to be included by Item 12 will be included in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and such information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required to be included by Item 13 will be included in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and such information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 Item 14. 	 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 The information required to be included by Item 14 will be included in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and such information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 106 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 We have filed the following documents as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 1. Financial Statements: The financial statements included in Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

2. Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 107 

Exhibit Index 

Incorporated by reference 

Exhibit Number 
 Description 
 Form 
 Dated 
 Number 

3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 8-K 
 10/20/2020 
 3.1 

3.2 
 First Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 8-K 
 10/13/2022 
 3.1 

3.3 
 Second Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 8-K 
 1/17/2023 
 3.1 

3.4 
 Amended and Restated Bylaw s. 
 8-K 
 10/20/2020 
 3.2 

4.1 
 Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1 through 3.4 . 

4.2 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate. 
 S-1 
 9/25/2020 
 4.2 

4.3 
 Description of Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

10.1 
 Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated July 13, 2020, by and among Eargo, Inc. and the investors listed therein. 
 S-1 
 9/25/2020 
 10.1 

10.2(a) 
 2010 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended.# 
 10-K 
 3/16/2021 
 10.2(a) 

10.2(b) 
 Form Agreements under 2010 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended.# 
 S-1 
 9/25/2020 
 10.2(b) 

10.3(a) 
 2020 Incentive Award Plan, as amended through February 1, 2023.# 

10.3(b) 
 Form Agreements under the 2020 Incentive Award Plan.# 
 S-1 
 9/25/2020 
 10.3	(b) 

10.3(c) 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2020 Incentive Award Plan (Cash Settled Awards).# 
 10-K 
 5/13/2022 
 10.3(c) 

10.4 
 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.# 

10.5 
 Employment Agreement, by and between Eargo, Inc. and Christian Gormsen.# 
 S-1 
 9/25/2020 
 10.5 

10.6 
 Employment Agreement, by and between Eargo, Inc. and William Brownie.# 
 S-1 
 9/25/2020 
 10.6 

10.7 
 Employment Agreement, by and between Eargo, Inc. and Adam Laponis.# 
 S-1 
 9/25/2020 
 10.7 

10.8 
 Promotion Letter by and between Eargo, Inc. and Mark Thorpe.# 
 8-K 
 1/18/2022 
 10.1 

10.9 
 Employment Agreement by and between Eargo, Inc. and Mark Thorpe. # 

10.10 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Program.# 
 S-1 
 9/25/2020 
 10.8 

10.11 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for directors, officers and certain other employees. 
 S-1 
 9/25/2020 
 10.9 

10.12 
 Manufacturing Services Agreement, dated May 5, 2017, by and between Eargo, Inc. and Hana Microelectronics Co., Ltd. 
 S-1 
 9/25/2020 
 10.10 

10.13 
 Sublease Agreement, dated July 30, 2018, by and between Eargo, Inc. and Microchip Technology Incorporated. 
 S-1 
 9/25/2020 
 10.11 

10.14 
 Office Parking Lease, dated September 11, 2018, by and between Eargo, Inc. and SEV 8th and Division, LLC. 
 S-1 
 9/25/2020 
 10.12 

10.15 
 Office Lease, dated January 11, 2023, by and between Eargo, Inc. and Nashland TT, LP. 
 8-K 
 1/13/2023 
 10.1 

10.16 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated June 6, 2018, by and among Eargo, Inc., Eargo Hearing, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank, as amended by the First Amendment, dated January 31, 2019, as further amended by the Second Amendment, dated May 1, 2020, as further amended by the Third Amendment, dated September 9, 2020 . 
 S-1 
 9/25/2020 
 10.14 

108 

Incorporated by reference 

Exhibit Number 
 Description 
 Form 
 Dated 
 Number 

10.17 
 Manufacturing Agreement, dated August 21, 2018, by and between Eargo, Inc. and Pegatron Corporation. 
 S-1 
 9/25/2020 
 10.15 

10.18 
 First Amendment to Lease, dated February 19. 2021, by and between Eargo, Inc. and SEV 8th and Division, LLC. 
 10-Q 
 5/12/2021 
 10.1 

10.19 
 Standard Form Office Lease, executed September 3, 2021, by and between Eargo, Inc. and GZI First North 1, LLC. 
 10-Q 
 5/13/2022 
 10.1 

10.20 
 First Amendment to Lease, dated January 26, 2022, by and between Eargo, Inc. and GZI First North 1, LLC. 
 10-Q 
 5/13/2022 
 10.2 

10.21 
 Settlement Agreement 
 8-K 
 5/02/2022 
 10.1 

10.22 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated June 24, 2022, by and among Eargo, Inc., Eargo Hearing, Inc., Eargo Screening, LLC, noteholders affiliated with Patient Square Capital and Drivetrain Agency Services, LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent. + 
 8-K 
 6/27/2022 
 10.1 

10.23 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into with Investor Directors . 
 8-K 
 6/27/2022 
 10.2 

10.24 
 Board Observer Agreement, dated June 24, 2022, by and between Eargo, Inc. and PSC Echo LP. 
 8-K 
 6/27/2022 
 10.3 

10.25 
 Investors Rights Agreement, dated June 24, 2022, by and between Eargo, Inc. and those certain investors set forth therein . + 
 8-K 
 6/27/2022 
 10.4 

10.26 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 24, 2022, by and between Eargo, Inc. and those certain investors set forth therein. 
 8-K 
 6/27/2022 
 10.5 

21.1 
 List of subsidiaries. 

23.1 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 

24.1 
 Power of Attorney (included in the signature page hereto). 

31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

109 

Incorporated by reference 

Exhibit Number 
 Description 
 Form 
 Dated 
 Number 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

# Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 + Certain schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Registration S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished supplementally to the SEC upon request. 
 Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked by [ ], has been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K because it is both (i) not material and (ii) the type of information that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 110 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

Eargo, Inc. 

Date: March 23, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Christian Gormsen 

Christian Gormsen 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Christian Gormsen, Adam Laponis and Christy La Pierre, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Name 
 Title 
 Date 

/s/ Christian Gormsen Christian Gormsen 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 March 23, 2023 

/s/ Adam Laponis Adam Laponis 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 March 23, 2023 

/s/ Mark Thorpe Mark Thorpe 
 Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 March 23, 2023 

/s/ Donald Spence Donald Spence 
 Chair of the Board of Directors 
 March 23, 2023 

/s/ Katie J. Bayne Katie J. Bayne 
 Director 
 March 23, 2023 

/s/ Trit Garg, M.D. Trit Garg, M.D. 
 Director 
 March 23, 2023 

/s/ Karr Narula Karr Narula 
 Director 
 March 23, 2023 

/s/ Justin Sabet-Peyman Justin Sabet-Peyman 
 Director 
 March 23, 2023 

/s/ David Wu David Wu 
 Director 
 March 23, 2023 

111 

<EX-4>
 2
 ear-ex4_3.htm
 EX-4.3

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.3 
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 As of December 31, 2022, Eargo, Inc. had common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol EAR. 
 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 The following summary describes our capital stock and the material provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ), our amended and restated bylaws (our Amended and Restated Bylaws ), the amended and restated investors rights agreement with certain of our stockholders (the Original Investors Rights Agreement ), the investors rights agreement (the PSC Investors Rights Agreement with PSC Echo, LP, an affiliate of Patient Square Capital (the PSC Stockholder ), the registration rights agreement with the PSC Stockholder (the Registration Rights Agreement and the Delaware General Corporation Law. Because the following is only a summary, it does not contain all of the information that may be important to you. For a complete description, you should refer to the full text of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Amended and Restated Bylaws, the Original Investors Rights Agreement, the PSC Investors Rights Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, copies of which are incorporated by reference as Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 10.1, 10.25 and 10.26, respectively, to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 General 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 450,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 
 Common stock 
 Voting rights 
 Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors. Our stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. Accordingly, holders of a majority of the voting shares are able to elect all of the directors. 
 Dividends 
 Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then-outstanding preferred stock, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably any dividends that our board of directors may declare out of funds legally available. 
 Liquidation 
 In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities, subject to the satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted to the holders of any then-outstanding shares of preferred stock. 
 Rights and preferences 
 Holders of our common stock have no preemptive or conversion rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of our common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of our preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 
 Preferred stock 
 
 Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, to fix the rights, preferences and privileges of the shares of each wholly unissued series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereon and to increase or decrease the number of shares of any such series, but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding. 
 Our board of directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of common stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company that may otherwise benefit holders of our common stock and may adversely affect the market price of the common stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of common stock. 
 Classified Board of Directors 
 Our board of directors is divided into three classes. Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that each class will consist, as nearly as possible, of one-third of the total number of directors, and each class has a staggered, three-year term. 
 PSC Investors Rights Agreement 
 Pursuant to the PSC Investors Rights Agreement, the PSC Stockholder has the right to nominate the number of directors (the Investor Directors to our board of directors that is proportionate to the PSC Stockholder s ownership of us, rounded up to the nearest whole number (and in no event be less than one). The PSC Stockholder has the right to nominate six directors to our board of directors given the size of our board of directors as of December 31, 2022. The PSC Stockholder has exercised its right to nominate three Investor Directors, Trit Garg, M.D., Karr Narula and Justin Sabet-Peyman. 
 We have entered into an indemnification agreement with each Investor Director (the Indemnification Agreement ). The Indemnification Agreement generally requires us, among other things, to indemnify each Investor Director against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as a director. The Indemnification Agreement also generally requires us to advance any expenses incurred by each Investor Director as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. These indemnification provisions and the Indemnification Agreements may be sufficiently broad to permit indemnification of each Investor Director for liabilities, including reimbursement of expenses incurred, arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 
 For additional information regarding the Indemnification Agreement, refer to the full text of the Indemnification Agreement, which is incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.23 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 . 
 Registration rights 
 Under our Original Investors Rights Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, certain holders of shares of our common stock, or their transferees, have the right to require us to register their shares (the registrable securities under the Securities Act so that those shares may be publicly resold, and the holders of these shares of common stock, or their transferees, have the right to include their shares in any registration statement we file, in each case as described below. 
 Original Investors Rights Agreement 
 Demand registration rights 
 Certain holders of our common stock are entitled to certain demand registration rights. Pursuant to the Original Investors Rights Agreement, beginning after April 13, 2021, the holders of at least 35 of such registrable securities may, on not more than two occasions, request that we register all or a portion of their shares, subject to certain specified exceptions. 
 Piggyback registration rights 
 
 In the event that we propose to register any of our securities under the Securities Act, either for our own account or for the account of other security holders, certain holders of registrable securities will be entitled to certain piggyback registration rights allowing them to include their shares in such registration, subject to specified conditions and limitations. 
 S-3 registration rights 
 Certain holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to certain Form S-3 registration rights. The holders of such registrable securities may, with respect to not more than two such registrations within any 12-month period, request that we register all or a portion of their shares on Form S-3 if we are qualified to file a registration statement on Form S-3, subject to specified exceptions. Such request for registration on Form S-3 must cover securities with an aggregate offering price to the public which equals or exceeds 1.0 million. The right to have such shares registered on Form S-3 is further subject to other specified conditions and limitations. 
 Registration Rights Agreement 
 Resale registration statement 
 Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, we have filed a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-268859) covering the sale or distribution of up to 15,821,299 shares of our common stock from time to time by the PSC Stockholder (the PSC Resale Registration Statement on a delayed or continuous basis under the Securities Act. We are required to use reasonable best efforts to maintain and update the registration statement, subject to the terms and conditions therein. The PSC Resale Registration Statement became effective on February 13, 2023. 
 Demand registration rights 
 The PSC Stockholder and its permitted transferees are entitled to certain demand registration rights. The holders of a majority of such registrable securities may, on not more than four occasions per 12-month period, request that not less than 10 million of registrable securities be sold through an underwritten offering, subject to certain specified exceptions. Additionally, the PSC Stockholder may request that we amend or supplement the PSC Resale Registration Statement as may be necessary, subject to certain specified exceptions, to effect a sale or distribution. 
 Piggyback registration rights 
 In the event that we propose to register any of our securities under the Securities Act, either for our own account or for the account of other security holders, the PSC Stockholder (and its permitted transferees) will be entitled to certain piggyback registration rights allowing them to include their shares in such registration, subject to specified conditions and limitations. 
 Anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL 
 We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, with the following exceptions: 
 before such date, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction began, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned (i) by persons who are directors and also officers and (ii) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

on or after such date, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

In general, Section 203 defines a business combination to include the following: 
 any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; 

any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder; 

subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; 

any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock or any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; and 

the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits by or through the corporation. 

In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as an entity or person who, together with the person s affiliates and associates, beneficially owns, or within three years prior to the time of determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 
 The statute could prohibit or delay mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts and, accordingly, may discourage attempts to acquire us even though such a transaction may offer our stockholders the opportunity to sell their stock at a price above the prevailing market price. 
 Because our board of directors approved the transaction pursuant to which the PSC Stockholder became a significant stockholder of us, the limitations of Section 203 described above do not apply to a potential business combination with the PSC Stockholder. 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 Among other things, our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws: 
 permit our board of directors to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with any rights, preferences and privileges as they may designate, including the right to approve an acquisition or other change in control; 

provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of our board of directors; 

classify our board of directors into three classes of directors, divided as nearly as equal in number as possible; 

provide that, subject to the rights of any series of preferred stock to elect directors, directors may only be removed for cause, which removal may be effected, subject to any limitation imposed by law, by the holders of at least 66 2/3 of the voting power of all of our then-outstanding shares of the capital stock entitled to vote generally at an election of directors; 

provide that all vacancies, including newly created directorships, may, except as otherwise required by law, be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum; 

require that any action to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and not be taken by written consent or electronic transmission; 

provide that stockholders seeking to present proposals before a meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at a meeting of stockholders must provide advance notice in writing, and also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s notice; 

provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by our board of directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors, and not by our stockholders; and 

do not provide for cumulative voting rights, therefore allowing the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors to elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose. 

The amendment of any of these provisions, except for the provision making it possible for our board of directors to issue undesignated preferred stock, would require approval by the holders of at least 66 2/3 of the voting power of all of our then-outstanding common stock. 
 The combination of these provisions makes it more difficult for our existing stockholders to replace our board of directors as well as for another party to obtain control of us by replacing our board of directors. Because our board of directors has the power to retain and discharge our officers, these provisions could also make it more difficult for existing stockholders or another party to effect a change in management. In addition, the authorization of undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to effect a change in control of our company. 
 These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continued stability in the composition of our board of directors and its policies and to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to reduce our vulnerability to hostile takeovers and to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy fights. However, such provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares and may have the effect of delaying changes in control or management of our company. As a consequence, these provisions may also inhibit fluctuations in the market price of our stock that could result from actual or rumored takeover attempts. We believe that the benefits of these provisions, including increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure our company, outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging takeover proposals, because negotiation of takeover proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 
 Choice of forum 
 Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or stockholders to us or to our stockholders; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL, our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or our Amended and Restated Bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time); or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. As a result, any action brought by any of our stockholders with regard to any of these matters will need to be filed in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and cannot be filed in any other jurisdiction; provided that, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction; and provided further that, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware dismisses any such action for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, such action may be brought in another state or federal court sitting in the State of Delaware. Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws also provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action against us or any of our directors, officers, employees or agents and arising under the Securities Act. 
 If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope described above is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware, or a Foreign Action, in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the applicable provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws and having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. Although our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated 
 
 Bylaws contain the choice of forum provision described above, it is possible that a court could find that such a provision is inapplicable for a particular claim or action or that such provision is unenforceable. 
 This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 Limitation on liability and indemnification 
 Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws limit our directors liability and provide that we may indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted under the DGCL. The DGCL provides that directors of a corporation will not be personally liable for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duties as directors, except for liability for any: 
 transaction from which the director derives an improper personal benefit; 

act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; 

unlawful payment of dividends or redemption of shares; or 

breach of a director s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders. 

These limitations of liability do not apply to liabilities arising under federal securities laws and do not affect the availability of equitable remedies such as injunctive relief or recession. 
 The DGCL and our Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that we will, in certain situations, indemnify our directors and officers and may indemnify other employees and other agents, to the fullest extent permitted by law. Any indemnified person is also entitled, subject to certain limitations, to advancement, direct payment or reimbursement of reasonable expenses (including attorneys fees and disbursements) in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding. 
 In addition, we have entered, and intend to continue to enter, into separate indemnification agreements with our directors, officers and certain other employees. These indemnification agreements, among other things, require us to indemnify our directors, officers and certain other employees for certain expenses, including attorneys fees, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by a director, officer or other employee in any action or proceeding arising out of their services as a director, officer or employee of our company, or any other company or enterprise to which the person provides services at our request. 
 We maintain a directors and officers insurance policy pursuant to which our directors and officers are insured against liability for actions taken in their capacities as directors and officers. We believe that these provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws and these indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors, officers and other employees. 
 Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act, may be permitted to directors, officers or control persons, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy, as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 
 Transfer agent and registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC. The transfer agent and registrar s address is 6201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn, New York 11219. 

</EX-4>

<EX-10>
 3
 ear-ex10_4.htm
 EX-10.4

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.4 
 EARGO, INC. 2020 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN 
 ARTICLE 1 PURPOSE 

The Plan s purpose is to assist employees of the Company and its Designated Subsidiaries in acquiring a stock ownership interest in the Company, and to help such employees provide for their future security and to encourage them to remain in the employment of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 
 The Plan consists of two components: the Section 423 Component and the Non-Section 423 Component. The Section 423 Component is intended to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan under Section 423 of the Code and shall be administered, interpreted and construed in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 423 of the Code. In addition, this Plan authorizes the grant of Options under the Non-Section 423 Component, which need not qualify as Options granted pursuant to an employee stock purchase plan under Section 423 of the Code; such Options granted under the Non-Section 423 Component shall be granted pursuant to separate Offerings containing such sub-plans, appendices, rules or procedures as may be adopted by the Administrator and designed to achieve tax, securities laws or other objectives for Eligible Employees and the Designated Subsidiaries in locations outside of the United States. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Non-Section 423 Component will operate and be administered in the same manner as the Section 423 Component. Offerings intended to be made under the Non-Section 423 Component will be designated as such by the Administrator at or prior to the time of such Offering. 
 For purposes of this Plan, the Administrator may designate separate Offerings under the Plan, the terms of which need not be identical, in which Eligible Employees will participate, even if the dates of the applicable Offering Period(s) in each such Offering is identical, provided that the terms of participation are the same within each separate Offering under the Section 423 Component as determined under Section 423 of the Code. Solely by way of example and without limiting the foregoing, the Company could, but shall not be required to, provide for simultaneous Offerings under the Section 423 Component and the Non-Section 423 Component of the Plan. 
 ARTICLE 2 Definitions 

As used in the Plan, the following words and phrases have the meanings specified below, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise: 
 2.1 Administrator means the Committee, or such individuals to which authority to administer the Plan has been delegated under Section 7.1 hereof. 

2.2 Agent means the brokerage firm, bank or other financial institution, entity or person(s), if any, engaged, retained, appointed or authorized to act as the agent of the Company or an Employee with regard to the Plan. 

2.3 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

2.4 Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and all regulations, guidance, compliance programs and other interpretative authority issued thereunder. 

1 

2.5 Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board. 

2.6 Common Stock means the common stock of the Company. 

2.7 Company means Eargo, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor. 

2.8 Compensation of an Employee means the regular earnings or base salary, bonuses and commissions paid to the Employee from the Company on each Payday as compensation for services to the Company or any Designated Subsidiary, before deduction for any salary deferral contributions made by the Employee to any tax-qualified or nonqualified deferred compensation plan, including overtime, shift differentials, vacation pay, salaried production schedule premiums, holiday pay, jury duty pay, funeral leave pay, paid time off, military pay, prior week adjustments and weekly bonus, but excluding education or tuition reimbursements, imputed income arising under any group insurance or benefit program, travel expenses, business and moving reimbursements, including tax gross ups and taxable mileage allowance, income received in connection with any stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units or other compensatory equity awards and all contributions made by the Company or any Designated Subsidiary for the Employee s benefit under any employee benefit plan now or hereafter established. Such Compensation shall be calculated before deduction of any income or employment tax withholdings, but shall be withheld from the Employee s net income. 

2.9 Designated Subsidiary means each Subsidiary, including any Subsidiary in existence on the Effective Date and any Subsidiary formed or acquired following the Effective Date, that has been designated by the Board or Committee from time to time in its sole discretion as eligible to participate in the Plan, in accordance with Section 7.2 hereof, such designation to specify whether such participation is in the Section 423 Component or Non-Section 423 Component. A Designated Subsidiary may participate in either the Section 423 Component or Non-Section 423 Component, but not both, provided that a Subsidiary that, for U.S. tax purposes, is disregarded from the Company or any Subsidiary that participates in the Section 423 Component shall automatically constitute a Designated Subsidiary that participates in the Section 423 Component. 

2.10 Effective Date means the date immediately prior to the date the Company s registration statement relating to its initial public offering becomes effective, provided that the Board has adopted the Plan prior to or on such date, subject to approval of the Plan by the Company s stockholders. 

2.11 Eligible Employee means an Employee: 

(a) who is customarily scheduled to work at least 20 hours per week; 

(b) whose customary employment is more than five months in a calendar year; and 

(c) who, after the granting of the Option, would not be deemed for purposes of Section 423(b)(3) of the Code to possess 5 or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of the Company or any Subsidiary. 

For purposes of clause (c), the rules of Section 424(d) of the Code with regard to the attribution of stock ownership shall apply in determining the stock ownership of an individual, and stock which an Employee may purchase under outstanding options shall be treated as stock owned by the Employee. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may exclude from participation in the Section 423 Component as an Eligible Employee: 
 2 

(x)	 any Employee that is a highly compensated employee of the Company or any Designated Subsidiary (within the meaning of Section 414(q) of the Code), or that is such a highly compensated employee (A) with compensation above a specified level, (B) who is an officer or (C) who is subject to the disclosure requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act; or 
 (y) 	any Employee who is a citizen or resident of a foreign jurisdiction (without regard to whether they are also a citizen of the United States or a resident alien (within the meaning of Section 7701(b)(1)(A) of the Code)) if either (A) the grant of the Option is prohibited under the laws of the jurisdiction governing such Employee, or (B) compliance with the laws of the foreign jurisdiction would cause the Section 423 Component, any Offering thereunder or an Option granted thereunder to violate the requirements of Section 423 of the Code; provided that any exclusion in clauses (x) or (y) shall be applied in an identical manner under each Offering to all Employees of the Company and all Designated Subsidiaries, in accordance with Treas. Reg. 1.423-2(e). Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to the Non-Section 423 Component, the first sentence in this definition shall apply in determining who is an Eligible Employee, except (a) the Administrator may limit eligibility further within the Company or a Designated Subsidiary so as to only designate some Employees of the Company or a Designated Subsidiary as Eligible Employees, and (b) to the extent the restrictions in the first sentence in this definition are not consistent with applicable local laws, the applicable local laws shall control. 
 2.12 Employee means any person who renders services to the Company or a Designated Subsidiary in the status of an employee within the meaning of Section 3401(c) of the Code. Employee shall not include any director of the Company or a Designated Subsidiary who does not render services to the Company or a Designated Subsidiary in the status of an employee within the meaning of Section 3401(c) of the Code. For purposes of the Plan, the employment relationship shall be treated as continuing intact while the individual is on military leave, sick leave or other leave of absence approved by the Company or a Designated Subsidiary and meeting the requirements of Treas. Reg. 1.421-1(h)(2). Where the period of leave exceeds three months, or such other period specified in Treas. Reg. 1.421-1(h)(2), and the individual s right to reemployment is not guaranteed either by statute or by contract, the employment relationship shall be deemed to have terminated on the first day immediately following such three-month period, or such other period specified in Treas. Reg. 1.421-1(h)(2). 

2.13 Enrollment Date means the first date of each Offering Period. 

2.14 Exercise Date means the last day of each Purchase Period, except as provided in Section 5.2 hereof. 

2.15 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

2.16 Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of Common Stock determined as follows: 

(a) If the Common Stock is (i) listed on any established securities exchange (such as the New York Stock Exchange or Nasdaq Stock Market), (ii) listed on any national market system or (iii) listed, quoted or traded on any automated quotation system, its Fair Market Value shall be the closing sales price for a share of Common Stock as quoted on such exchange or system for such date or, if there is no closing sales price for a share of Common Stock on the date in question, the closing sales price for a share of Common Stock on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable; 

(b) If the Common Stock is not listed on an established securities exchange, national market system or automated quotation system, but the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer, its Fair Market Value shall be the mean of the high bid and low asked prices for such date or, if there are no high bid and low asked prices for a share of Common Stock on such date, the high bid and low asked 

3 

prices for a share of Common Stock on the last preceding date for which such information exists, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable; or 

(c) If the Common Stock is neither listed on an established securities exchange, national market system or automated quotation system nor regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer, its Fair Market Value shall be established by the Administrator in good faith. 

2.17 Grant Date means the first day of an Offering Period. 

2.18 New Exercise Date has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(b) hereof. 

2.19 Non-Section 423 Component means those Offerings under the Plan, together with the sub-plans, appendices, rules or procedures, if any, adopted by the Administrator as a part of this Plan, in each case, pursuant to which Options may be granted to non-U.S. Eligible Employees that need not satisfy the requirements for Options granted pursuant to an employee stock purchase plan that are set forth under Section 423 of the Code. 

2.20 Offering means an offer under the Plan of an Option that may be exercised during an Offering Period as further described in Section 4 hereof. Unless otherwise specified by the Administrator, each Offering to the Eligible Employees of the Company or a Designated Subsidiary shall be deemed a separate Offering, even if the dates and other terms of the applicable Exercise Periods of each such Offering are identical and the provisions of the Plan will separately apply to each Offering. To the extent permitted by Treas. Reg. 1.423-2(a)(1), the terms of each separate Offering under the Section 423 Component need not be identical, provided that the terms of the Section 423 Component and an Offering thereunder together satisfy Treas. Reg. 1.423-2(a)(2) and (a)(3). 

2.21 Offering Period means each consecutive, overlapping twenty-four (24) month period commencing on such date(s) as determined by the Board or Committee, in its sole discretion, and with respect to which Options shall be granted to Participants. The duration and timing of Offering Periods may be established or changed by the Board or Committee at any time, in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event may an Offering Period exceed twenty-seven (27) months. 

2.22 Option means the right to purchase shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Plan during each Offering Period. 

2.23 Option Price means the purchase price of a share of Common Stock hereunder as provided in Section 4.2 hereof. 

2.24 Parent means any entity that is a parent corporation of the Company within the meaning of Section 424 of the Code. 

2.25 Participant means any Eligible Employee who elects to participate in the Plan. 

2.26 Payday means the regular and recurring established day for payment of Compensation to an Employee of the Company or any Designated Subsidiary. 

2.27 Plan means this 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, including both the Section 423 Component and Non-Section 423 Component and any other sub-plans or appendices hereto, as amended from time to time. 

4 

2.28 Plan Account means a bookkeeping account established and maintained by the Company in the name of each Participant. 

2.29 Purchase Period means each consecutive six (6) month period commencing on such date(s) as determined by the Board or Committee, in its sole discretion, within each Offering Period. The first Purchase Period of each Offering Period shall commence on the Grant Date and end with the next Exercise Date. The duration and timing of Purchase Periods may be established or changed by the Board or Committee at any time, in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event may a Purchase Period exceed the duration of the Offering Period under which it is established. 

2.30 Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code. 

2.31 Section 423 Component means those Offerings under the Plan that are intended to meet the requirements under Section 423(b) of the Code. 

2.32 Subsidiary means any entity that is a subsidiary corporation of the Company within the meaning of Section 424 of the Code. In addition, with respect to the Non-Section 423 Component, Subsidiary shall include any corporate or noncorporate entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect equity interest or significant business relationship. 

2.33 Treas. Reg. means U.S. Department of the Treasury regulations. 

2.34 Withdrawal Election has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(a) hereof. 

ARTICLE 3 PARTICIPATION 

3.1 Eligibility . 

(a) Any Eligible Employee who is employed by the Company or a Designated Subsidiary on a given Enrollment Date for an Offering Period shall be eligible to participate in the Plan during such Offering Period, subject to the requirements of Articles 4 and 5 hereof, and, for the Section 423 Component, the limitations imposed by Section 423(b) of the Code. 

(b) No Eligible Employee shall be granted an Option under the Section 423 Component which permits the Participant s rights to purchase shares of Common Stock under the Plan, and to purchase stock under all other employee stock purchase plans of the Company, any Parent or any Subsidiary subject to Section 423 of the Code, to accrue at a rate which exceeds 25,000 of fair market value of such stock (determined at the time such Option is granted) for each calendar year in which such Option is outstanding at any time. The limitation under this Section 3.1(b) shall be applied in accordance with Section 423(b)(8) of the Code. 

3.2 Election to Participate; Payroll Deductions 

(a) Except as provided in Sections 3.2(e) and 3.3 hereof, an Eligible Employee may become a Participant in the Plan only by means of payroll deduction. Each individual who is an Eligible Employee as of an Offering Period s Enrollment Date may elect to participate in such Offering Period and the Plan by delivering to the Company a payroll deduction authorization no later than the period of time prior to the applicable Enrollment Date that is determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. 

5 

(b) Subject to Section 3.1(b) hereof and except as may otherwise be determined by the Administrator, payroll deductions (i) shall equal at least 1 of the Participant s Compensation as of each Payday of the Offering Period following the Enrollment Date, but not more than 15 of the Participant s Compensation as of each Payday of the Offering Period following the Enrollment Date; and (ii) may be expressed either as (A) a whole number percentage, or (B) a fixed dollar amount. Amounts deducted from a Participant s Compensation with respect to an Offering Period pursuant to this Section 3.2 shall be deducted each Payday through payroll deduction and credited to the Participant s Plan Account; provided that for the first Offering Period under this Plan, payroll deductions shall not begin until such date determined by the Board or Committee, in its sole discretion. 

(c) Following at least one payroll deduction, a Participant may decrease (to as low as zero) the amount deducted from such Participant s Compensation only once during an Offering Period upon ten calendar days prior written notice to the Company. A Participant may not increase the amount deducted from such Participant s Compensation during an Offering Period. 

(d) Upon the completion of an Offering Period, each Participant in such Offering Period shall automatically participate in the immediately following Offering Period at the same payroll deduction percentage or fixed amount as in effect at the termination of such Offering Period, unless such Participant delivers to the Company a different election with respect to the successive Offering Period in accordance with Section 3.2(a) hereof, or unless such Participant becomes ineligible for participation in the Plan. 

(e) Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan to the contrary, in non-U.S. jurisdictions where participation in the Plan through payroll deductions is prohibited, the Administrator may provide that an Eligible Employee may elect to participate through contributions to the Participant s account under the Plan in a form acceptable to the Administrator in lieu of or in addition to payroll deductions; provided, however, that, for any Offering under the Section 423 Component, the Administrator must determine that any alternative method of contribution is applied on an equal and uniform basis to all Eligible Employees in the Offering. 

3.3 Leave of Absence . During leaves of absence approved by the Company meeting the requirements of Treas. Reg. 1.421-1(h)(2), a Participant may continue participation in the Plan by making cash payments to the Company on the Participant s normal payday equal to the Participant s authorized payroll deduction. 

ARTICLE 4 PURCHASE OF SHARES 

4.1 Grant of Option . The Company may make one or more Offerings under the Plan, which may be successive or overlapping with one another, until the earlier of: (i) the date on which the Shares available under the Plan have been sold or (ii) the date on which the Plan is suspended or terminates. The Administrator shall designate the terms and conditions of each Offering in writing, including without limitation, the Offering Period and the Purchase Periods. Each Participant shall be granted an Option with respect to an Offering Period on the applicable Grant Date. Subject to the limitations of Section 3.1(b) hereof, the number of shares of Common Stock subject to a Participant s Option shall be determined by dividing (a) such Participant s payroll deductions accumulated prior to an Exercise Date and retained in the Participant s Plan Account on such Exercise Date by (b) the applicable Option Price; provided that in no event shall a Participant be permitted to purchase during each Offering Period more than 100,000 shares of Common Stock (subject to any adjustment pursuant to Section 5.2 hereof). The Administrator may, for future Offering Periods, increase or decrease, in its absolute discretion, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that a Participant may purchase during such future Offering Periods. Each Option shall expire on the last Exercise Date for the applicable Offering Period immediately after the automatic exercise 

6 

of the Option in accordance with Section 4.3 hereof, unless such Option terminates earlier in accordance with Article 6 hereof. 

4.2 Option Price . The Option Price per share of Common Stock to be paid by a Participant upon exercise of the Participant s Option on an Exercise Date for an Offering Period shall equal 85 of the lesser of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on (a) the applicable Grant Date and (b) the applicable Exercise Date, or such other price designated by the Administrator; provided that in no event shall the Option Price per share of Common Stock be less than the par value per share of the Common Stock. 

4.3 Purchase of Shares . 

(a) On each Exercise Date for an Offering Period, each Participant shall automatically and without any action on such Participant s part be deemed to have exercised the Participant s Option to purchase at the applicable per share Option Price the largest number of whole shares of Common Stock which can be purchased with the amount in the Participant s Plan Account. Any balance less than the per share Option Price that is remaining in the Participant s Plan Account (after exercise of such Participant s Option) as of the Exercise Date shall be carried forward to the next Purchase Period or Offering Period, unless the Participant has elected to withdraw from the Plan pursuant to Section 6.1 hereof or, pursuant to Section 6.2 hereof, such Participant has ceased to be an Eligible Employee. Any balance not carried forward to the next Purchase Period or Offering Period in accordance with the prior sentence promptly shall be refunded to the applicable Participant. In no event shall an amount greater than or equal to the per share Option Price as of an Exercise Date be carried forward to the next Purchase Period or Offering Period. 

(b) As soon as practicable following each Exercise Date, the number of shares of Common Stock purchased by such Participant pursuant to Section 4.3(a) hereof shall be delivered (either in share certificate or book entry form), in the Company s sole discretion, to either (i) the Participant or (ii) an account established in the Participant s name at a stock brokerage or other financial services firm designated by the Company. If the Company is required to obtain from any commission or agency authority to issue any such shares of Common Stock, the Company shall seek to obtain such authority. Inability of the Company to obtain from any such commission or agency authority which counsel for the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance of any such shares shall relieve the Company from liability to any Participant except to refund to the Participant such Participant s Plan Account balance, without interest thereon. 

4.4 Automatic Termination of Offering Period . If the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on any Exercise Date (except the final scheduled Exercise Date of any Offering Period) is lower than the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the Grant Date for an Offering Period, then such Offering Period shall terminate on such Exercise Date after the automatic exercise of the Option in accordance with Section 4.3 hereof, and each Participant shall automatically be enrolled in the Offering Period that commences immediately following such Exercise Date and such Participant s payroll deduction authorization shall remain in effect for such Offering Period. 

4.5 Transferability of Rights . An Option granted under the Plan shall not be transferable, other than by will or the applicable laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during the Participant s lifetime only by the Participant. No option or interest or right to the Option shall be available to pay off any debts, contracts or engagements of the Participant or the Participant s successors in interest or shall be subject to disposition by pledge, encumbrance, assignment or any other means whether such disposition be voluntary or involuntary or by operation of law by judgment, levy, attachment, garnishment or any other legal or 

7 

equitable proceedings (including bankruptcy), and any attempt at disposition of the Option shall have no effect. 

ARTICLE 5 PROVISIONS RELATING TO COMMON STOCK 

5.1 Common Stock Reserved . Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 5.2 hereof, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that shall be made available for sale under the Plan shall be the sum of (a) 36,338 shares and (b) an annual increase on the first day of each year beginning in 2021 and ending in 2030 equal to the lesser of (i) 1 of the shares outstanding (on an as converted basis) on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year and (ii) such number of shares as may be determined by the Board or Committee; provided, however , no more than 272,539 shares may be issued under the Plan. Shares made available for sale under the Plan may be authorized but unissued shares, treasury shares of Common Stock, or reacquired shares reserved for issuance under the Plan. 

5.2 Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization, Dissolution, Liquidation, Merger or Asset Sale . 

(a) Changes in Capitalization . Subject to any required action by the stockholders of the Company, the number of shares of Common Stock which have been authorized for issuance under the Plan but not yet placed under Option, as well as the price per share and the number of shares of Common Stock covered by each Option under the Plan which has not yet been exercised shall be proportionately adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock resulting from a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, combination or reclassification of the Common Stock, or any other increase or decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock effected without receipt of consideration by the Company; provided , however , that conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be deemed to have been effected without receipt of consideration. Such adjustment shall be made by the Administrator, whose determination in that respect shall be final, binding and conclusive. Except as expressly provided herein, no issuance by the Company of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number or price of shares of Common Stock subject to an Option. 

(b) Dissolution or Liquidation . In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Offering Periods then in progress shall be shortened by setting a new Exercise Date (the New Exercise Date ), and shall terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed dissolution or liquidation, unless provided otherwise by the Administrator. The New Exercise Date shall be before the date of the Company s proposed dissolution or liquidation. The Administrator shall notify each Participant in writing, at least ten business days prior to the New Exercise Date, that the Exercise Date for the Participant s Option has been changed to the New Exercise Date and that the Participant s Option shall be exercised automatically on the New Exercise Date, unless prior to such date the Participant has withdrawn from the Offering Period as provided in Section 6.1 hereof or the Participant has ceased to be an Eligible Employee as provided in Section 6.2 hereof. 

(c) Merger or Asset Sale . In the event of a proposed sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or the merger of the Company with or into another corporation, each outstanding Option shall be assumed or an equivalent Option substituted by the successor corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary of the successor corporation. If the successor corporation refuses to assume or substitute for the Option, any Offering Periods then in progress shall be shortened by setting a New Exercise Date and any Offering Periods then in progress shall end on the New Exercise Date. The New Exercise Date shall be before the date of the Company s proposed sale or merger. The Administrator shall notify each Participant in writing, at least ten business days prior to the New Exercise Date, that the Exercise Date for the Participant s Option has been changed to the New Exercise Date and that the Participant s Option shall be exercised 

8 

automatically on the New Exercise Date, unless prior to such date the Participant has withdrawn from the Offering Period as provided in Section 6.1 hereof or the Participant has ceased to be an Eligible Employee as provided in Section 6.2 hereof. 

5.3 Insufficient Shares . If the Administrator determines that, on a given Exercise Date, the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which Options are to be exercised may exceed the number of shares of Common Stock remaining available for sale under the Plan on such Exercise Date, the Administrator shall make a pro rata allocation of the shares of Common Stock available for issuance on such Exercise Date in as uniform a manner as shall be practicable and as it shall determine in its sole discretion to be equitable among all Participants exercising Options to purchase Common Stock on such Exercise Date, and unless additional shares are authorized for issuance under the Plan, no further Offering Periods shall take place and the Plan shall terminate pursuant to Section 7.5 hereof. If an Offering Period is so terminated, then the balance of the amount credited to the Participant s Plan Account which has not been applied to the purchase of shares of Common Stock shall be paid to such Participant in one lump sum in cash within 30 days after such Exercise Date, without any interest thereon. 

5.4 Rights as Stockholders . With respect to shares of Common Stock subject to an Option, a Participant shall not be deemed to be a stockholder of the Company and shall not have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder. A Participant shall have the rights and privileges of a stockholder of the Company when, but not until, shares of Common Stock have been deposited in the designated brokerage account following exercise of the Participant s Option. 

ARTICLE 6 TERMINATION OF PARTICIPATION 

6.1 Cessation of Contributions; Voluntary Withdrawal . 

(a) A Participant may cease payroll deductions during an Offering Period and elect to withdraw from the Plan by delivering written notice of such election to the Company in such form and at such time prior to the Exercise Date for such Offering Period as may be established by the Administrator (a Withdrawal Election ). A Participant electing to withdraw from the Plan may elect to either (i) withdraw all of the funds then credited to the Participant s Plan Account as of the date on which the Withdrawal Election is received by the Company, in which case amounts credited to such Plan Account shall be returned to the Participant in one lump-sum payment in cash within 30 days after such election is received by the Company, without any interest thereon, and the Participant shall cease to participate in the Plan and the Participant s Option for such Offering Period shall terminate; or (ii) exercise the Option for the maximum number of whole shares of Common Stock on the applicable Exercise Date with any remaining Plan Account balance returned to the Participant in one lump-sum payment in cash within 30 days after such Exercise Date, without any interest thereon, and after such exercise cease to participate in the Plan. Upon receipt of a Withdrawal Election, the Participant s payroll deduction authorization and the Participant s Option shall terminate. 

(b) A Participant s withdrawal from the Plan shall not have any effect upon the Participant s eligibility to participate in any similar plan which may hereafter be adopted by the Company or in succeeding Offering Periods which commence after the termination of the Offering Period from which the Participant withdraws. 

(c) A Participant who ceases contributions to the Plan during any Offering Period shall not be permitted to resume contributions to the Plan during that Offering Period. 

9 

6.2 Termination of Eligibility . Upon a Participant s ceasing to be an Eligible Employee, for any reason, such Participant s Option for the applicable Offering Period shall automatically terminate, the Participant shall be deemed to have elected to withdraw from the Plan, and such Participant s Plan Account shall be paid to such Participant or, in the case of the Participant s death, to the person or persons entitled thereto pursuant to applicable law, within 30 days after such cessation of being an Eligible Employee, without any interest thereon. If a Participant transfers employment from the Company or any Designated Subsidiary participating in the Section 423 Component to any Designated Subsidiary participating in the Non-Section 423 Component, such transfer shall not be treated as a termination of employment, but the Participant shall immediately cease to participate in the Section 423 Component; however, any contributions made for the Offering Period in which such transfer occurs shall be transferred to the Non-Section 423 Component, and such Participant shall immediately join the then-current Offering under the Non-Section 423 Component upon the same terms and conditions in effect for the Participant s participation in the Section 423 Component, except for such modifications otherwise applicable for Participants in such Offering. A Participant who transfers employment from any Designated Subsidiary participating in the Non-Section 423 Component to the Company or any Designated Subsidiary participating in the Section 423 Component shall not be treated as terminating the Participant s employment and shall remain a Participant in the Non-Section 423 Component until the earlier of (i) the end of the current Offering Period under the Non-Section 423 Component, or (ii) the Enrollment Date of the first Offering Period in which the Participant is eligible to participate following such transfer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may establish different rules to govern transfers of employment between companies participating in the Section 423 Component and the Non-Section 423 Component, consistent with the applicable requirements of Section 423 of the Code. 

ARTICLE 7 GENERAL PROVISIONS 

7.1 Administration . 

(a) The Plan shall be administered by the Committee, which shall be composed of members of the Board. The Committee may delegate administrative tasks under the Plan to the services of an Agent or Employees to assist in the administration of the Plan, including establishing and maintaining an individual securities account under the Plan for each Participant. 

(b) It shall be the duty of the Administrator to conduct the general administration of the Plan in accordance with the provisions of the Plan. The Administrator shall have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan: 

(i) To establish and terminate Offerings; 

(ii) To determine when and how Options shall be granted and the provisions and terms of each Offering (which need not be identical); 

(iii) To select Designated Subsidiaries in accordance with Section 7.2 hereof; and 

(iv) To construe and interpret the Plan, the terms of any Offering and the terms of the Options and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation, and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret, amend or revoke any such rules. The Administrator, in the exercise of this power, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan, any Offering or any Option, in a manner and to the extent it shall deem necessary or expedient to administer the Plan, subject to Section 423 of the Code for the Section 423 Component. 

10 

(c) The Administrator may adopt rules or procedures relating to the operation and administration of the Plan to accommodate the specific requirements of local laws and procedures. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrator is specifically authorized to adopt rules and procedures regarding handling of participation elections, payroll deductions, payment of interest, conversion of local currency, payroll tax, withholding procedures and handling of stock certificates which vary with local requirements. In its absolute discretion, the Board may at any time and from time to time exercise any and all rights and duties of the Administrator under the Plan. 

(d) The Administrator may adopt sub-plans applicable to particular Designated Subsidiaries or locations, which sub-plans may be designed to be outside the scope of Section 423 of the Code. The rules of such sub-plans may take precedence over other provisions of this Plan, with the exception of Section 5.1 hereof, but unless otherwise superseded by the terms of such sub-plan, the provisions of this Plan shall govern the operation of such sub-plan. 

(e) All expenses and liabilities incurred by the Administrator in connection with the administration of the Plan shall be borne by the Company. The Administrator may, with the approval of the Committee, employ attorneys, consultants, accountants, appraisers, brokers or other persons. The Administrator, the Company and its officers and directors shall be entitled to rely upon the advice, opinions or valuations of any such persons. All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith shall be final and binding upon all Participants, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the Board or Administrator shall be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or the options, and all members of the Board or Administrator shall be fully protected by the Company in respect to any such action, determination, or interpretation. 

7.2 Designation of Subsidiary Corporations . The Board or Administrator shall designate from time to time the Subsidiaries that shall constitute Designated Subsidiaries, and determine whether such Designated Subsidiaries shall participate in the Section 423 Component or Non-Section 423 Component. The Board or Administrator may designate a Subsidiary, or terminate the designation of a Subsidiary, without the approval of the stockholders of the Company. 

7.3 Reports . Individual accounts shall be maintained for each Participant in the Plan. Statements of Plan Accounts shall be given to Participants at least annually, which statements shall set forth the amounts of payroll deductions, the Option Price, the number of shares purchased and the remaining cash balance, if any. 

7.4 No Right to Employment . Nothing in the Plan shall be construed to give any person (including any Participant) the right to remain in the employ of the Company, a Parent or a Subsidiary or to affect the right of the Company, any Parent or any Subsidiary to terminate the employment of any person (including any Participant) at any time, with or without cause, which right is expressly reserved. 

7.5 Amendment and Termination of the Plan . 

(a) The Board may, in its sole discretion, amend, suspend or terminate the Plan at any time and from time to time. To the extent necessary to comply with Section 423 of the Code (or any successor rule or provision), with respect to the Section 423 Component, or any other applicable law, regulation or stock exchange rule, the Company shall obtain stockholder approval of any such amendment to the Plan in such a manner and to such a degree as required by Section 423 of the Code or such other law, regulation or rule. 

11 

(b) If the Administrator determines that the ongoing operation of the Plan may result in unfavorable financial accounting consequences, the Administrator may in its discretion modify or amend the Plan to reduce or eliminate such accounting consequence including, but not limited to: 

(i) altering the Option Price for any Offering Period including an Offering Period underway at the time of the change in Option Price; 

(ii) shortening any Offering Period so that the Offering Period ends on a new Exercise Date, including an Offering Period underway at the time of the Administrator action; and 

(iii) allocating shares of Common Stock. 

Such modifications or amendments shall not require stockholder approval or the consent of any Participant. 
 (c) Upon termination of the Plan, the balance in each Participant s Plan Account shall be refunded as soon as practicable after such termination, without any interest thereon. 

7.6 Use of Funds; No Interest Paid . All funds received by the Company by reason of purchase of shares of Common Stock under the Plan shall be included in the general funds of the Company free of any trust or other restriction and may be used for any corporate purpose. No interest shall be paid to any Participant or credited under the Plan. 

7.7 Term; Approval by Stockholders . No Option may be granted during any period of suspension of the Plan or after termination of the Plan. The Plan shall be submitted for the approval of the Company s stockholders within 12 months after the date of the Board s initial adoption of the Plan. Options may be granted prior to such stockholder approval; provided , however , that such Options shall not be exercisable prior to the time when the Plan is approved by the stockholders; provided , further that if such approval has not been obtained by the end of the 12-month period, all Options previously granted under the Plan shall thereupon terminate and be canceled and become null and void without being exercised. 

7.8 Effect Upon Other Plans . The adoption of the Plan shall not affect any other compensation or incentive plans in effect for the Company, any Parent or any Subsidiary. Nothing in the Plan shall be construed to limit the right of the Company, any Parent or any Subsidiary (a) to establish any other forms of incentives or compensation for Employees of the Company or any Parent or any Subsidiary, or (b) to grant or assume Options otherwise than under the Plan in connection with any proper corporate purpose, including, but not by way of limitation, the grant or assumption of options in connection with the acquisition, by purchase, lease, merger, consolidation or otherwise, of the business, stock or assets of any corporation, firm or association. 

7.9 Conformity to Securities Laws . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Plan and the participation in the Plan by any individual who is then subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act shall be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemption rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b 3 of the Exchange Act) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such applicable exemptive rule. 

7.10 Notice of Disposition of Shares . Each Participant shall give the Company prompt notice of any disposition or other transfer of any shares of Common Stock, acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option granted under the Section 423 Component, if such disposition or transfer is made (a) within two years after the applicable Grant Date or (b) within one year after the transfer of such shares of Common Stock to such 

12 

Participant upon exercise of such Option. The Company may direct that any certificates evidencing shares acquired pursuant to the Plan refer to such requirement. 

7.11 Tax Withholding . The Company or any Parent or any Subsidiary shall be entitled to require payment in cash or deduction from other compensation payable to each Participant of any sums required by federal, state or local tax law to be withheld with respect to any purchase of shares of Common Stock under the Plan or any sale of such shares. 

7.12 Governing Law . The Plan and all rights and obligations thereunder shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflict of law rules thereof or of any other jurisdiction. 

7.13 Notices . All notices or other communications by a Participant to the Company under or in connection with the Plan shall be deemed to have been duly given when received in the form specified by the Company at the location, or by the person, designated by the Company for the receipt thereof. 

7.14 Conditions To Issuance of Shares . 

(a) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any certificates or make any book entries evidencing shares of Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of an Option by a Participant, unless and until the Board or the Committee has determined, with advice of counsel, that the issuance of such shares of Common Stock is in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations of governmental authorities and, if applicable, the requirements of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the shares of Common Stock are listed or traded, and the shares of Common Stock are covered by an effective registration statement or applicable exemption from registration. In addition to the terms and conditions provided herein, the Board or the Committee may require that a Participant make such reasonable covenants, agreements, and representations as the Board or the Committee, in its discretion, deems advisable in order to comply with any such laws, regulations, or requirements. 

(b) All certificates for shares of Common Stock delivered pursuant to the Plan and all shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to book entry procedures are subject to any stop-transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee deems necessary or advisable to comply with federal, state, or foreign securities or other laws, rules and regulations and the rules of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the shares of Common Stock are listed, quoted, or traded. The Committee may place legends on any certificate or book entry evidencing shares of Common Stock to reference restrictions applicable to the shares of Common Stock. 

(c) The Committee shall have the right to require any Participant to comply with any timing or other restrictions with respect to the settlement, distribution or exercise of any Option, including a window-period limitation, as may be imposed in the sole discretion of the Committee. 

(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, unless otherwise determined by the Committee or required by any applicable law, rule or regulation, the Company may, in lieu of delivering to any Participant certificates evidencing shares of Common Stock issued in connection with any Option, record the issuance of shares of Common Stock in the books of the Company (or, as applicable, its transfer agent or stock plan administrator). 

7.15 Equal Rights and Privileges . All Eligible Employees of the Company (or of any Designated Subsidiary) granted Options pursuant to an Offering under the Section 423 Component shall have equal rights and privileges under this Plan to the extent required under Section 423 of the Code so that the Section 

13 

423 Component qualifies as an employee stock purchase plan within the meaning of Section 423 of the Code. Any provision of the Section 423 Component that is inconsistent with Section 423 of the Code shall, without further act or amendment by the Company or the Board, be reformed to comply with the equal rights and privileges requirement of Section 423 of the Code. Eligible Employees participating in the Non-Section 423 Component need not have the same rights and privileges as Eligible Employees participating in the Section 423 Component. 

7.16 Rules Particular to Specific Countries . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the terms and conditions of the Plan with respect to Participants who are tax residents of a particular non-U.S. country or who are foreign nationals or employed in non-U.S. jurisdictions may be subject to an addendum to the Plan in the form of an appendix or sub-plan (which appendix or sub-plan may be designed to govern Offerings under the Section 423 Component or the Non-Section 423 Component, as determined by the Administrator). To the extent that the terms and conditions set forth in an appendix or sub-plan conflict with any provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the appendix or sub-plan shall govern. The adoption of any such appendix or sub-plan shall be pursuant to Section 7.1 above. Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrator is specifically authorized to adopt rules and procedures, with respect to Participants who are foreign nationals or employed in non-U.S. jurisdictions, regarding the exclusion of particular Subsidiaries from participation in the Plan, eligibility to participate, the definition of Compensation, handling of payroll deductions or other contributions by Participants, payment of interest, conversion of local currency, data privacy security, payroll tax, withholding procedures, establishment of bank or trust accounts to hold payroll deductions or contributions. 

7.17 Section 409A . The Section 423 Component of the Plan and the Options granted pursuant to Offerings thereunder are intended to be exempt from the application of Section 409A. Neither the Non-Section 423 Component nor any Option granted pursuant to an Offering thereunder is intended to constitute or provide for nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, if the Administrator determines that any Option granted under the Plan may be or become subject to Section 409A or that any provision of the Plan may cause an Option granted under the Plan to be or become subject to Section 409A, the Administrator may adopt such amendments to the Plan and/or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions as the Administrator determines are necessary or appropriate to avoid the imposition of taxes under Section 409A, either through compliance with the requirements of Section 409A or with an available exemption therefrom. 

14 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 ear-ex10_9.htm
 EX-10.9

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.9 
 EARGO, INC. 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This Employment Agreement (the Agreement ), entered into effective as of January 16, 2022 (the Effective Date ), is between Eargo, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company and Mark Thorpe Executive and, together with the Company, the Parties ). This Agreement supersedes in its entirety that certain offer letter between Executive and the Company dated as of September 10, 2019 Offer Letter ). 
 WHEREAS , the Company desires to assure itself of the continued services of Executive by engaging Executive to perform services as an employee of the Company under the terms hereof; 
 WHEREAS , Executive desires to provide continued services to the Company on the terms herein provided; and 
 WHEREAS , the Parties desire to execute this Agreement to supersede the Offer Letter in its entirety and reflect certain changes to Executive s employment with the Company effective as of the Effective Date. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing, and for other good and valuable consideration, including the respective covenants and agreements set forth below, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto agree as follows: 
 1. Employment. 

(a) General . The Company shall employ Executive upon the terms and conditions provided herein effective as of the Effective Date. 

(b) Position and Duties . Effective as of the Effective Date, Executive: (i) shall continue to serve as the Company s Chief Accounting Officer (CAO), with responsibilities, duties, and authority usual and customary for such position, subject to direction by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company (the CFO ); (ii) shall continue to report directly to the CFO; and (iii) agrees promptly and faithfully to comply with all present and future policies, requirements, rules and regulations, and reasonable directions and requests, of the Company in connection with the Company s business. At the Company s request, Executive shall serve the Company and/or its subsidiaries and affiliates in such other capacities in addition to the foregoing as the Company shall designate, provided that such additional capacities are consistent with Executive s position as the Company s Chief Accounting Officer (CAO). In the event that Executive serves in any one or more of such additional capacities, Executive s compensation shall not automatically be increased on account of such additional service. 

(c) Principal Office . Executive shall continue to perform services for the Company at the Company s offices located in San Jose, California, or, with the Company s consent, at any other place in connection with the fulfillment of Executive s role with the 

1 

Company; provided, however, that the Company may from time to time require Executive to travel temporarily to other locations in connection with the Company s business. 

(d) Exclusivity . Except with the prior written approval of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the CEO (which the CEO may grant or withhold in the CEO s sole and absolute discretion), Executive shall devote Executive s best efforts and full working time, attention, and energies to the business of the Company, except during any paid vacation or other excused absence periods. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may, without violating this Section 1(d), (i) as a passive investment, own publicly traded securities in such form or manner as will not require any services by Executive in the operation of the entities in which such securities are owned; (ii) engage in charitable and civic activities; or (iii) engage in other personal passive investment activities, in each case, so long as such interests or activities do not materially interfere to the extent such activities do not, individually or in the aggregate, interfere with or otherwise prevent the performance of Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder. Executive may also serve as a member of the board of directors or board of advisors of another organization provided (i) such organization is not a competitor of the Company; (ii) Executive receives prior written approval from the Company s CEO; and (iii) such activities do not individually or in the aggregate interfere with the performance of Executive s duties under this Agreement, violate the Company s standards of conduct then in effect, or raise a conflict under the Company s conflict of interest policies. For the avoidance of doubt, the CEO has approved Executive s continued service with those organizations set forth on Exhibit A , such approval to continue until the earlier to occur of (a) the CEO s revocation of such approval in the CEO s sole and absolute discretion, or (b) such time as such service interferes with the performance of Executive s duties under this Agreement, violates the Company s standards of conflict or raises a conflict under the Company s conflict of interest policies. 

2. Term . The period of Executive s employment under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until Executive s employment with the Company is terminated pursuant to Section 5. The phrase Term as used in this Agreement shall refer to the entire period of employment of Executive by the Company. 

3. Compensation and Related Matters . 

(a) Annual Base Salary . During the Term, Executive shall receive a base salary at the rate of 295,000 per year (as may be increased from time to time, the Annual Base Salary ), subject to withholdings and deductions, which shall be paid to Executive in accordance with the customary payroll practices and procedures of the Company. Such Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed by the CEO, and, as applicable, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board and/or the Compensation Committee of the Board, not less than annually. 

(b) Annual Bonus . Executive shall be eligible to receive a discretionary annual bonus based on Executive s achievement of performance objectives established by the Board, its Compensation Committee and/or the CEO, such bonus to be targeted at 40 of Executive s Annual Base Salary (the Annual Bonus ). Any Annual Bonus approved by the Board, the Compensation Committee of the Board and/or the CEO shall be paid at the same time annual 

2 

bonuses are paid to other executives of the Company generally, subject to Executive s continuous employment through the date of approval. 

(c) Benefits . Executive shall be entitled to participate in such employee and executive benefit plans and programs as the Company may from time to time offer to provide to its executives, subject to the terms and conditions of such plans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein is intended, or shall be construed, to require the Company to institute or continue any particular plan or benefit. 

(d) Business Expenses . The Company shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable, documented, out-of-pocket travel and other business expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of Executive s duties to the Company in accordance with the Company s applicable expense reimbursement policies and procedures as are in effect from time to time. 

(e) Vacation . Executive will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the Company s vacation policy, as in effect from time to time. 

4. Equity Awards. 

(a) Eligibility . Executive shall be eligible for the grant of stock options and other equity awards as may be determined by the Board or its Compensation Committee. 

(b) Failure to Assume or Substitute . In the event of a Change in Control (as defined below) in which the acquirer (or an affiliate thereof) does not assume or continue any then-outstanding equity awards, including, without limitation, options, restricted stock units and restricted stock awards, held by Employee or substitute for any such awards substantially equivalent awards, then the vesting, exercisability and settlement of each such award shall be accelerated in full effective immediately prior to but conditioned upon the consummation of the Change in Control so that each such equity award held by Employee shall be fully vested (and, if applicable, exercisable). Except as otherwise provided in an agreement evidencing a performance-based award, for each such equity award that is a performance-based award, the applicable performance goals shall be deemed achieved at the greater of target or actual achievement (with the performance goals equitably adjusted if necessary to reflect a truncated performance period). The provisions contained in this Section 4(b) shall apply notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in any agreement evidencing an equity award granted to Employee to the extent such agreement confers lesser rights to Employee. 

5. Termination. 

(a) At-Will Employment . The Company and Executive acknowledge that Executive s employment is and shall continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law. This means that it is not for any specified period of time and, subject to any ramifications under Section 6 of this Agreement, can be terminated by Executive or by the Company at any time, with or without advance notice, and for any or no particular reason or cause. It also means that Executive s job duties, title, and responsibility and reporting level, work schedule, compensation, and benefits, as well as the Company s personnel policies and procedures, may be changed with prospective effect, with or without notice, at any time in the sole discretion of the Company (subject to any ramification such changes may have under Section 6 of this Agreement). This at-will nature of 

3 

Executive s employment shall remain unchanged during Executive s tenure as an employee and may not be changed, except in an express writing signed by Executive and a duly-authorized officer of the Company. If Executive s employment terminates for any lawful reason, Executive shall not be entitled to any payments, benefits, damages, award, or compensation other than as provided in this Agreement. 

(b) Notice of Termination . During the Term, any termination of Executive s employment by the Company or by Executive (other than by reason of death) shall be communicated by written notice (a Notice of Termination from one Party hereto to the other Party hereto (i) indicating the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, if any, (ii) setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Executive s employment under the provision so indicated, and (iii) specifying the Date of Termination (as defined below). The failure by the Company to set forth in the Notice of Termination all of the facts and circumstances which contribute to a showing of Cause (as defined below) shall not waive any right of the Company hereunder or preclude the Company from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing its rights hereunder. 

(c) Date of Termination . For purposes of this Agreement, Date of Termination shall mean the date of the termination of Executive s employment with the Company specified in a Notice of Termination. 

(d) Deemed Resignation . Upon termination of Executive s employment for any reason, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all offices and board memberships, if any, then held with the Company or any of its affiliates, and, at the Company s request, Executive shall execute such documents as are necessary or desirable to effectuate such resignations. 

6. Consequences of Termination . 

(a) Payments of Accrued Obligations upon all Terminations of Employment . Upon a termination of Executive s employment for any reason, Executive (or Executive s estate or legal representative, as applicable) shall be entitled to receive, within 30 days after Executive s Date of Termination (or such earlier date as may be required by applicable law): (i) any portion of Executive s Annual Base Salary earned through Executive s Date of Termination not theretofore paid, (ii) any expenses owed to Executive under Section 3, (iii) any accrued but unused paid time-off owed to Executive, (iv) any Annual Bonus earned but unpaid as of the Date of Termination, and (v) any amount arising from Executive s participation in, or benefits under, any employee benefit plans, programs, or arrangements under Section 3, which amounts shall be payable in accordance with the terms and conditions of such employee benefit plans, programs, or arrangements. Except as otherwise set forth in Sections 6(b) and (c), the payments and benefits described in this Section 6(a) shall be the only payments and benefits payable in the event of Executive s termination of employment for any reason. 

(b) Severance Payments upon Covered Termination Outside a Change in Control Period . If, during the Term, Executive experiences a Covered Termination outside of a Change in Control Period (each as defined below), then in addition to the payments and benefits described in Section 6(a), the Company shall, subject to Executive s delivery to the Company of a waiver and release of claims agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto (but updated to the extent 

4 

deemed by the Company to be necessary to reflect any changes in applicable law) (the Release that becomes effective and irrevocable in accordance with Section 10(d), provide Executive with the following: 

(i) The Company shall pay to Executive an amount equal to seventy-five hundredths (0.75) multiplied by the sum of Executive s Annual Base Salary and Executive s target Annual Bonus. Such amount will be subject to applicable withholdings and payable in a single lump sum cash payment on the first regular payroll date following the date the Release becomes effective and irrevocable in accordance with Section 10(d). 

(ii) During the period commencing on the Date of Termination and ending on the nine (9)-month anniversary thereof or, if earlier, the date on which Executive becomes eligible for comparable replacement coverage under a subsequent employer s group health plan (in any case, the Non-CIC COBRA Period ), subject to Executive s valid election to continue healthcare coverage under Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and the regulations thereunder, the Company shall, in its sole discretion, either (A) continue to provide to Executive and Executive s dependents, at the Company s sole expense, or (B) reimburse Executive and Executive s dependents for coverage under its group health plan (if any) at the same levels in effect on the Date of Termination; provided, however , that if (1) any plan pursuant to which such benefits are provided is not, or ceases prior to the expiration of the continuation coverage period to be, exempt from the application of Section 409A under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A 1(a)(5), (2) the Company is otherwise unable to continue to cover Executive or Executive s dependents under its group health plans, or (3) the Company cannot provide the benefit without violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then, in any such case, an amount equal to each remaining Company subsidy shall thereafter be paid to Executive in substantially equal monthly installments over the Non-CIC COBRA Period (or remaining portion thereof). 

(c) Severance Payments upon Covered Termination During a Change in Control Period . If, during the Term, Executive experiences a Covered Termination during a Change in Control Period, then, in addition to the payments and benefits described in Section 6(a), the Company shall, subject to Executive s delivery to the Company of the Release that becomes effective and irrevocable in accordance with Section 10(d), provide Executive with the following: 

(i) The Company shall pay to Executive an amount equal to the sum of Executive s Annual Base Salary and Executive s target Annual Bonus. Such amount will be subject to applicable withholdings and payable in a single lump sum cash payment on the first regular payroll date following the date the Release becomes effective and irrevocable in accordance with Section 10(d). 

(ii) During the period commencing on the Date of Termination and ending on the twelve (12)-month anniversary thereof or, if earlier, the date on which Executive becomes eligible for comparable replacement coverage under a subsequent employer s group health plan (in any case, the CIC COBRA Period ), subject to Executive s valid election to continue healthcare coverage under Section 4980B of the Code and the regulations 

5 

thereunder, the Company shall, in its sole discretion, either (A) continue to provide to Executive and Executive s dependents, at the Company s sole expense, or (B) reimburse Executive and Executive s dependents for coverage under its group health plan (if any) at the same levels in effect on the Date of Termination; provided, however , that if (1) any plan pursuant to which such benefits are provided is not, or ceases prior to the expiration of the continuation coverage period to be, exempt from the application of Section 409A under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(a)(5), (2) the Company is otherwise unable to continue to cover Executive or Executive s dependents under its group health plans, or (3) the Company cannot provide the benefit without violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then, in any such case, an amount equal to each remaining Company subsidy shall thereafter be paid to Executive in substantially equal monthly installments over the CIC COBRA Period (or remaining portion thereof). 

(iii) Cause any unvested equity awards, including any stock options, restricted stock awards and any such awards subject to performance-based vesting, held by Executive as of the Date of Termination, to become fully vested and, if applicable, exercisable, and cause all restrictions and rights of repurchase on such awards to lapse with respect to all of the shares of the Company s common stock subject thereto. 

(d) No Other Severance . Except as otherwise approved by the Board, the provisions of this Section 6 shall supersede in their entirety any severance payment provisions in any severance plan, policy, program, or other arrangement maintained by the Company. 

(e) No Requirement to Mitigate; Survival . Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for under this Agreement by seeking other employment or in any other manner. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the termination of Executive s employment shall not impair the rights or obligations of any Party. 

(f) Definition of Cause . For purposes hereof, Cause shall mean any one of the following: (i) Executive s commission of any felony or any crime involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude under the laws of the United States or any state thereof; (ii) Executive s attempted commission of, or participation in, a fraud or act of dishonesty against the Company; (iii) Executive s intentional, material violation of any contract or agreement between Executive and the Company or of any statutory duty owed to the Company; (iv) Executive s unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company s confidential information or trade secrets that causes material and demonstrative damage to the Company; or (v) Executive s gross misconduct. The determination that a termination of Executive s employment is either for Cause or without Cause shall be made by the Board or its Compensation Committee, in each case, in its sole discretion. 

(g) Definition of Change in Control . For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: 

(i) any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, 

6 

consolidation or similar transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not be deemed to occur (A) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company directly from the Company, (B) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by an investor, any affiliate thereof or any other Exchange Act Person that acquires the Company s securities in a transaction or series of related transactions the primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for the Company through the issuance of equity securities or (C) solely because the level of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the Subject Person exceeds the designated percentage threshold of the outstanding voting securities as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting securities by the Company reducing the number of shares outstanding provided that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of the acquisition of voting securities by the Company, and after such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any additional voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition had not occurred, increases the percentage of the then outstanding voting securities Owned by the Subject Person over the designated percentage threshold, then a Change in Control shall be deemed to occur; 

(ii) there is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly, either (A) outstanding voting securities representing more than fifty percent (50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than fifty percent (50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the parent of the surviving entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, in each case in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction; 

(iii) there is consummated a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, other than a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its subsidiaries to an entity, more than fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale or other disposition; or 

(iv) individuals who, as of the Effective Date, are members of the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; provided, however, that if the appointment or election (or nomination for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the members of the Incumbent Board then still in office or in accordance with any voting agreement in effect with stockholders as of the Effective Date, such new member shall, for purposes of this Plan, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing definition or any other provision of this Plan, the term Change in Control shall not include a sale of assets, merger or other transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company. Further notwithstanding the foregoing, if a 
 7 

Change in Control constitutes a payment event hereunder that provides for the deferral of compensation that is subject to Section 409A, to the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional taxes under Section 409A, the transaction or event described in subsection (i), (ii), (iii) or (v) of this Section 6(g) with respect to such payment shall only constitute a Change in Control for purposes of payment timing if such transaction also constitutes a change in control event, as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5). 
 (h) Definition of Change in Control Period . For purposes hereof, Change in Control Period shall mean the period commencing on a Change in Control and ending 12 months after such Change in Control. 

(i) Definition of Covered Termination . For purposes hereof, Covered Termination shall mean the termination of Executive s employment by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason, and shall not include a termination due to Executive s death or disability. 

(j) Definition of Exchange Act Person .	For purposes hereof, Exchange Act Person means any natural person, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), except that Exchange Act Person shall not include (i) the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to a registered public offering of such securities, (iv) an entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of the Company, or (v) any natural person, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) that, as of the Effective Date, is the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities. 

(k) Definition of Good Reason . For purposes hereof, Good Reason means the occurrence of any of the following events or circumstances, without Executive s prior written consent: (i) a reduction in the amount of Executive s Annual Base Salary of more than ten (10) percent; (ii) the relocation of Executive s principal place of employment that increases Executive s one-way commute by more than thirty-five (35) miles; or (iii) a material diminution in Executive s duties or responsibilities. In order to establish a Good Reason for terminating employment, Executive must deliver written notice to the Company of the existence of the condition giving rise to Good Reason within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of such condition, the Company must fail to cure the condition within thirty (30) days thereafter, and Executive s termination of employment must occur no later than thirty (30) days following the expiration of that thirty (30) day cure period. 

(l) Definition of Own, Owned, Owner, Ownership . For the purposes hereof, a person or entity shall be deemed to Own , to have Owned , to be the Owner of, or to have acquired Ownership of securities if such person or entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities. 

8 

7. Assignment and Successors . The Company shall assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any successor to all or substantially all of the business or the assets of the Company (by merger or otherwise). This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company, Executive, and their respective successors, assigns, personnel, and legal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees, and legatees, as applicable. None of Executive s rights or obligations may be assigned or transferred by Executive, other than Executive s rights to payments hereunder, which may be transferred only by will, operation of law, or as otherwise provided herein . 

8. Miscellaneous Provisions . 

(a) Confidentiality Agreement . Executive hereby affirms Executive s obligations under that certain Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement by and between Executive and the Company dated as of September 10, 2019 (the Confidentiality Agreement ). The Confidentiality Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement and Executive s employment with the Company for the applicable period(s) set forth therein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of any conflict between the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement and the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail. 

(b) Non-Solicitation of Employees . For a period of one year following Executive s Date of Termination, Executive shall not, either directly or indirectly (i) solicit for employment by any individual, corporation, firm, or other business, any employees, consultants, independent contractors, or other service providers of the Company or any of its affiliates, or (ii) solicit any employee or consultant of the Company or any of its affiliates to leave the employment or consulting of or cease providing services to the Company or any of its affiliates; provided , however , that the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) shall not apply to a general advertisement or solicitation (or any hiring pursuant to such advertisement or solicitation) that is not specifically targeted to such employees or consultants. 

(c) Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed, construed, interpreted, and enforced in accordance with its express terms, and otherwise in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law, whether of the State of California or any other jurisdiction, and where applicable, the laws of the United States, that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. 

(d) Validity . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 

(e) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same Agreement. Signatures delivered by facsimile shall be deemed effective for all purposes. 

(f) Entire Agreement . The terms of this Agreement, together with the Confidentiality Agreement, are intended by the Parties to be the final expression of their agreement with respect to the employment of Executive by the Company and supersede all prior 

9 

understandings and agreements, whether written or oral, regarding Executive s service to the Company, including without limitation, the Offer Letter. The Parties further intend that this Agreement, together with the Confidentiality Agreement, shall constitute the complete and exclusive statement of their terms and that no extrinsic evidence whatsoever may be introduced in any judicial, administrative, or other legal proceeding to vary the terms of this Agreement or the Confidentiality Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of any conflict between the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement and the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail. 

(g) Amendments; Waivers . This Agreement may not be modified, amended, or terminated except by an instrument in writing signed by Executive and a duly authorized representative of the Company. By an instrument in writing similarly executed, Executive or a duly authorized officer of the Company, as applicable, may waive compliance by the other Party with any specifically identified provision of this Agreement that such other Party was or is obligated to comply with or perform; provided , however , that such waiver shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any other or subsequent failure. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising any right, remedy, or power hereunder shall preclude any other or further exercise of any other right, remedy, or power provided herein or by law or in equity. 

(h) Dispute Resolution . To ensure the timely and economical resolution of disputes that arise in connection with this Agreement, Executive and the Company agree that, except as excluded herein, any and all controversies, claims and disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including without limitation any alleged violation of its terms or otherwise arising out of the Parties relationship, shall be resolved solely and exclusively by final and binding arbitration held in Santa Clara County, California through JAMS in conformity with California law and the then-existing JAMS employment arbitration rules, which can be found at https://www.jamsadr.com/rules-employment-arbitration/ . The Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1 et seq. shall govern the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration clause. All remedies available from a court of competent jurisdiction shall be available in the arbitration; provided, however, in the event of a breach of Sections 8(a) or 8(b), the Company may request relief from a court of competent jurisdiction if such relief is not available or not available in a timely fashion through arbitration as determined by the Company. The arbitrator shall: (a) provide adequate discovery for the resolution of the dispute; and (b) issue a written arbitration decision, to include the arbitrator s essential findings and conclusions and a statement of the award. The arbitrator shall award the prevailing Party attorneys fees and expert fees, if any. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is acknowledged that it will be impossible to measure in money the damages that would be suffered if the Parties fail to comply with any of the obligations imposed on them under Sections 8(a) and 8(b), and that in the event of any such failure, an aggrieved person will be irreparably damaged and will not have an adequate remedy at law. Any such person shall, therefore, be entitled to seek injunctive relief, including specific performance, to enforce such obligations, and if any action shall be brought in equity to enforce any of the provisions of Sections 8(a) and 8(b), none of the Parties shall raise the defense, without a good faith basis for raising such defense, that there is an adequate remedy at law. Executive and the Company understand that by agreement to arbitrate any claim pursuant to this Section 8(h), they will not have the right to have any claim decided by a jury or a court, but shall instead have any claim decided through arbitration. Executive and the Company waive any constitutional or other right to bring claims covered by this Agreement other than in their individual capacities. Except as may be prohibited by applicable 

10 

law, the foregoing waiver includes the ability to assert claims as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or collective action or representative proceeding. Nothing herein shall limit Executive s ability to pursue claims for workers compensation or unemployment benefits or pursue other claims which by law cannot be subject to mandatory arbitration. 

(i) Enforcement . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable under present or future laws, such provision shall be fully severable; this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision had never comprised a portion of this Agreement; and the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected by the illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision or by its severance from this Agreement. Furthermore, in lieu of such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision there shall be added automatically as part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be legal, valid, and enforceable. 

(j) Withholding . The Company shall be entitled to withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement any federal, state, local, or foreign withholding or other taxes or charges which the Company is required to withhold. The Company shall be entitled to rely on an opinion of counsel if any questions as to the amount or requirement of withholding shall arise. 

(k) Whistleblower Protections and Trade Secrets . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, nothing in this Agreement prohibits Executive from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any United States governmental agency or entity in accordance with the provisions of and rules promulgated under Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or any other whistleblower protection provisions of state or federal law or regulation (including the right to receive an award for information provided to any such government agencies). Furthermore, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1833, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement: (i) Executive shall not be in breach of this Agreement, and shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law (x) for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (y) for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal; and (ii) if Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, Executive may disclose the trade secret to Executive s attorney, and may use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if Executive files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 

9. Golden Parachute Excise Tax . 

(a) Best Pay . Any provision of this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if any payment or benefit Executive would receive from the Company pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise Payment would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then such Payment will be equal to the Reduced Amount (as defined below). The Reduced Amount will be either (A) the largest portion of the 

11 

Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment (after reduction) being subject to the Excise Tax or (B) the entire Payment, whichever amount after taking into account all applicable federal, state, and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate, net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from a deduction of such state and local taxes), results in Executive s receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater economic benefit notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction in a Payment is required pursuant to the preceding sentence and the Reduced Amount is determined pursuant to clause (A) of the preceding sentence, the reduction shall occur in the manner (the Reduction Method that results in the greatest economic benefit for Executive. If more than one method of reduction will result in the same economic benefit, the items so reduced will be reduced pro rata (the Pro Rata Reduction Method ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Reduction Method or the Pro Rata Reduction Method would result in any portion of the Payment being subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A (as defined below) that would not otherwise be subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A, then the Reduction Method and/or the Pro Rata Reduction Method, as the case may be, shall be modified so as to avoid the imposition of taxes pursuant to Section 409A as follows: (1) as a first priority, the modification shall preserve to the greatest extent possible, the greatest economic benefit for Executive as determined on an after-tax basis; (2) as a second priority, Payments that are contingent on future events e.g ., being terminated without cause), shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not contingent on future events; and (3) as a third priority, Payments that are deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A. 

(b) Accounting Firm . The accounting firm engaged by the Company for general tax purposes as of the day prior to the Change in Control will perform the calculations set forth in Section 9(a). If the firm so engaged by the Company is serving as the accountant or auditor for the acquiring company, the Company will appoint a nationally recognized accounting firm to make the determinations required hereunder. The Company will bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such firm required to be made hereunder. The accounting firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder will provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation, to the Company within 30 days before the consummation of a Change in Control (if requested at that time by the Company) or such other time as requested by the Company. If the accounting firm determines that no Excise Tax is payable with respect to a Payment, either before or after the application of the Reduced Amount, it will furnish the Company with documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company that no Excise Tax will be imposed with respect to such Payment. Any good faith determinations of the accounting firm made hereunder will be final, binding and conclusive upon the Company and Executive. 

10. Section 409A . 

(a) General . The intent of the Parties is that the payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and the Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the Effective Date, Section 409A and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted to be in compliance therewith. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Company determines that any compensation or benefits payable under this 

12 

Agreement may be subject to Section 409A, the Company shall work in good faith with Executive to adopt such amendments to this Agreement or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions, that the Company determines are necessary or appropriate to avoid the imposition of taxes under Section 409A, including, without limitation, actions intended to (i) exempt the compensation and benefits payable under this Agreement from Section 409A, and/or (ii) comply with the requirements of Section 409A; however, this Section 10(a) shall not create an obligation on the part of the Company to adopt any such amendment, policy or procedure or take any such other action, nor shall the Company (A) have any liability for failing to do so, or (B) incur or indemnify Executive for any taxes, interest or other liabilities arising under or by operation of Section 409A. 

(b) Separation from Service, Installments and Reimbursements . Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement: (i) no amount that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A shall be payable pursuant to Section 6 unless the termination of Executive s employment constitutes a separation from service within the meaning of Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Department of Treasury Regulations Separation from Service ); (ii) for purposes of Section 409A, Executive s right to receive installment payments shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments; and (iii) to the extent that any reimbursement of expenses or in-kind benefits constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A, such reimbursement or benefit shall be provided no later than December 31 st of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred. The amount of expenses reimbursed in one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year. The amount of any in-kind benefits provided in one year shall not affect the amount of in-kind benefits provided in any other year. 

(c) Specified Employee . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if Executive is deemed by the Company at the time of Executive s Separation from Service to be a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A, to the extent delayed commencement of any portion of the benefits to which Executive is entitled under this Agreement is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A, such portion of Executive s benefits shall not be provided to Executive prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of Executive s Separation from Service with the Company or (ii) the date of Executive s death. Upon the first business day following the expiration of the applicable Section 409A period, all payments deferred pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be paid in a lump sum to Executive (or Executive s estate or beneficiaries), and any remaining payments due to Executive under this Agreement shall be paid as otherwise provided herein. 

(d) Release . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent that any payments due under this Agreement as a result of Executive s termination of employment are subject to Executive s execution and delivery of the Release, (i) if Executive fails to execute the Release on or prior to the Release Expiration Date (as defined below) or timely revokes Executive s acceptance of the Release thereafter, Executive shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits otherwise conditioned on the Release, and (ii) in any case where Executive s Date of Termination and the Release Expiration Date fall in two separate taxable years, any payments required to be made to Executive that are conditioned on the Release and are treated as nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A shall be made in the later taxable year. For purposes of this Section 10(d), Release Expiration Date shall mean the date 

13 

that is 21 days following the date upon which the Company timely delivers the Release to Executive, or, in the event that Executive s termination of employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967), the date that is 45 days following such delivery date. To the extent that any payments of nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A) due under this Agreement as a result of Executive s termination of employment are delayed pursuant to this Section 10(d), such amounts shall be paid in a lump sum on the first payroll date following the date that Executive executes and does not revoke the Release (and the applicable revocation period has expired) or, in the case of any payments subject to Section 10(d)(ii), on the first payroll period to occur in the subsequent taxable year, if later. 

11. Employee Acknowledgement . Executive acknowledges that Executive has read and understands this Agreement, is fully aware of its legal effect, has not acted in reliance upon any representations or promises made by the Company other than those contained in writing herein, and has entered into this Agreement freely based on Executive s own judgment. 

[ Signature Page Follows ] 
 
 14 

The Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first set forth above. 
 			 
 EARGO, INC. 
 By: /s/ Christian Gormsen	 
 Name: Christian Gormsen 
 Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
 EXECUTIVE 
 By: /s/ Mark Thorpe	 
 Name: Mark Thorpe 

1 

Exhibit A 
 PERMITTED OUTSIDE ACTIVITIES 

2 

Exhibit B 
 RELEASE OF CLAIMS 
 	This Release of Claims Release is entered into as of _________________, 20__, between Mark Thorpe Executive and Eargo, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company and, together with Executive, the Parties ), effective eight days after Executive s signature hereto (the Effective Date ), unless Executive revokes Executive s acceptance of this Release as provided in Paragraph 1(c), below. 
 1. Executive s Release of the Company . Executive understands that by agreeing to this Release, Executive is agreeing not to sue, or otherwise file any claim against, the Company or any of its employees or other agents for any reason whatsoever based on anything that has occurred as of the date Executive signs this Release. 

(a) On behalf of Executive and Executive s heirs and assigns, Executive hereby releases and forever discharges the Releasees hereunder, consisting of the Company, and each of its owners, affiliates, divisions, predecessors, successors, assigns, agents, directors, officers, partners, employees, and insurers, and all persons acting by, through, under or in concert with them, or any of them, of and from any and all manner of action or actions, cause or causes of action, in law or in equity, suits, debts, liens, contracts, agreements, promises, liability, claims, demands, damages, loss, cost or expense, of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, fixed or contingent (hereinafter called Claims ), which Executive now has or may hereafter have against the Releasees, or any of them, by reason of any matter, cause, or thing whatsoever from the beginning of time to the date hereof, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any Claims arising out of, based upon, or relating to Executive s hire, employment, remuneration or resignation by the Releasees, or any of them, including Claims arising under federal, state, or local laws relating to employment, Claims of any kind that may be brought in any court or administrative agency, any Claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA ), 29 U.S.C. 621, et seq.; Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Civil Rights Act of 1991, 42 U.S.C. 2000 et seq.; the Equal Pay Act, 29 U.S.C. 206(d); the Civil Rights Act of 1866, 42 U.S.C. 1981; the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.; the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.; the False Claims Act , 31 U.S.C. 3729 et seq.; the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, 29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.; the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, 29 U.S.C. 2101 et seq. the Fair Labor Standards Act, 29 U.S.C. 215 et seq., the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; the California Labor Code; the employment and civil rights laws of California; Claims for breach of contract; Claims arising in tort, including, without limitation, Claims of wrongful dismissal or discharge, discrimination, harassment, retaliation, fraud, misrepresentation, defamation, libel, infliction of emotional distress, violation of public policy, and/or breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; and Claims for damages or other remedies of any sort, including, without limitation, compensatory damages, punitive damages, injunctive relief and attorney s fees. 

3 

(b) Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, Executive does not release the following claims: 

(i) Claims for unemployment compensation or any state disability insurance benefits pursuant to the terms of applicable state law; 

(ii) Claims for workers compensation insurance benefits under the terms of any worker s compensation insurance policy or fund of the Company; 

(iii) Claims to continued participation in certain of the Company s group benefit plans pursuant to the terms and conditions of COBRA; 

(iv) Claims to any benefit entitlements vested as the date of Executive s employment termination, pursuant to written terms of any Company employee benefit plan; 

(v) Claims for indemnification under any indemnification agreement with the Company, the Company s Bylaws, California Labor Code Section 2802 or any other applicable law; and 

(vi) Executive s right to bring to the attention of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission claims of discrimination; provided , however , that Executive does release Executive s right to secure any damages for alleged discriminatory treatment. 

(c) In accordance with the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990, Executive has been advised of the following: 

(i) Executive has the right to consult with an attorney before signing this Release; 

(ii) Executive has been given at least [twenty-one (21) OR forty-five (45)] days to consider this Release; 

(iii) Executive has seven (7) days after signing this Release to revoke it, and Executive will not receive the severance benefits provided by that certain Employment Agreement between the Parties (the Employment Agreement unless and until such seven (7) day period has expired. If Executive wishes to revoke this Release, Executive must deliver notice of Executive s revocation in writing, no later than 5:00 p.m. on the 7th day following Executive s execution of this Release to [_________]. 

(d) EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EXECUTIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF AND IS FAMILIAR WITH THE PROVISIONS OF CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542, WHICH PROVIDES AS FOLLOWS: 

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO 
 4 

EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. 
 BEING AWARE OF SAID CODE SECTION, EXECUTIVE HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHTS EXECUTIVE MAY HAVE THEREUNDER, AS WELL AS UNDER ANY OTHER STATUTES OR COMMON LAW PRINCIPLES OF SIMILAR EFFECT. 
 2. Executive Representations . Executive represents and warrants that: 

(a) Executive has returned to the Company all Company property in Executive s possession; 

(b) Executive is not owed wages, commissions, bonuses or other compensation, other than wages through the date of the termination of Executive s employment and any accrued, unused vacation earned through such date, and any payments that become due under the Employment Agreement; 

(c) During the course of Executive s employment Executive did not sustain any injuries for which Executive might be entitled to compensation pursuant to worker s compensation law or Executive has disclosed any injuries of which Executive is currently, reasonably aware for which Executive might be entitled to compensation pursuant to worker s compensation law; and 

(d) Executive has not initiated any adversarial proceedings of any kind against the Company or against any other person or entity released herein, nor will Executive do so in the future, except as specifically allowed by this Release. 

3. Severability . The provisions of this Release are severable. If any provision is held to be invalid or unenforceable, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. 

4. Choice of Law . This Release shall in all respects be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, including all matters of construction, validity and performance, without regard to conflicts of law principles. 

5. Integration Clause . This Release and the Employment Agreement contain the Parties entire agreement with regard to the separation of Executive s employment, and supersede and replace any prior agreements as to those matters, whether oral or written. This Release may not be changed or modified, in whole or in part, except by an instrument in writing signed by Executive and a duly authorized officer or director of the Company. 

6. Execution in Counterparts . This Release may be executed in counterparts with the same force and effectiveness as though executed in a single document. Facsimile signatures shall have the same force and effectiveness as original signatures. 

5 

7. Intent to be Bound . The Parties have carefully read this Release in its entirety; fully understand and agree to its terms and provisions; and intend and agree that it is final and binding on all Parties. 

6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound, the Parties have executed the foregoing on the dates shown below. 
 
 EXECUTIVE					EARGO, INC. 

__________________________			__________________________ 
 							By: 
 							Title: 

Date: ______________________			Date: _____________________ 
 
 7 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 5
 ear-ex10_3a.htm
 EX-10.3(A)

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.3(a) 
 Eargo, Inc. 2020 INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN (as amended through February 1, 2023) 
 ARTICLE I. Purpose 

The Plan s purpose is to enhance the Company s ability to attract, retain and motivate persons who make (or are expected to make) important contributions to the Company by providing these individuals with equity ownership opportunities. 
 ARTICLE II. Definitions 

As used in the Plan, the following words and phrases have the meanings specified below, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise: 
 2.1 Administrator means the Board or a Committee to the extent that the Board s powers or authority under the Plan have been delegated to such Committee. With reference to the Board s or a Committee s powers or authority under the Plan that have been delegated to one or more officers pursuant to Section 4.2, the term Administrator shall refer to such officer(s) unless and until such delegation has been revoked. 

2.2 Applicable Law means any applicable law, including without limitation: (a) provisions of the Code, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and any rules or regulations thereunder; (b) corporate, securities, tax or other laws, statutes, rules, requirements or regulations, whether federal, state, local or foreign; and (c) rules of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Shares are listed, quoted or traded. 

2.3 Award means an Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock award, Restricted Stock Unit award, Performance Bonus Award, Performance Stock Unit award, Dividend Equivalents award or Other Stock or Cash Based Award granted to a Participant under the Plan. 

2.4 Award Agreement means an agreement evidencing an Award, which may be written or electronic, that contains such terms and conditions as the Administrator determines, consistent with and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

2.5 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

2.6 Change in Control means any of the following: 

(a) A transaction or series of transactions (other than an offering of Common Stock to the general public through a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission) whereby any person or related group of persons (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) directly or indirectly acquires beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) of the Company s securities possessing more than 50 of the total combined voting power of the Company s securities outstanding immediately after such acquisition; provided, however, that the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control: (i) any acquisition by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) any acquisition by an employee benefit plan maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) any acquisition which complies with Sections 2.6(c)(i), 2.6(c)(ii) and 2.6(c)(iii); or (iv) in respect of an Award held by a particular Participant, any 

acquisition by the Participant or any group of persons including the Participant (or any entity controlled by the Participant or any group of persons including the Participant); 

(b) The Incumbent Directors cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board; 

(c) The consummation by the Company (whether directly involving the Company or indirectly involving the Company through one or more intermediaries) of (x) a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or business combination, (y) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets in any single transaction or series of related transactions or (z) the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity, in each case other than a transaction: 

(i) which results in the Company s voting securities outstanding immediately before the transaction continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the Company or the person that, as a result of the transaction, controls, directly or indirectly, the Company or owns, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the Company s assets or otherwise succeeds to the business of the Company (the Company or such person, the Successor Entity )) directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity s outstanding voting securities immediately after the transaction; 

(ii) after which no person or group beneficially owns voting securities representing 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity; provided , however, that no person or group shall be treated for purposes of this Section 2.6(c)(ii) as beneficially owning 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity solely as a result of the voting power held in the Company prior to the consummation of the transaction; and 

(iii) after which at least a majority of the members of the board of directors (or the analogous governing body) of the Successor Entity were Board members at the time of the Board's approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such transaction; or 

(d) The completion of a liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment event with respect to any Award (or any portion of an Award) that provides for the deferral of compensation that is subject to Section 409A, to the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional taxes under Section 409A, the transaction or event described in subsection (a), (b), (c) or (d) of this Section 2.6 with respect to such Award (or portion thereof) shall only constitute a Change in Control for purposes of the payment timing of such Award if such transaction also constitutes a change in control event, as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5). 
 The Administrator shall have full and final authority, which shall be exercised in its sole discretion, to determine conclusively whether a Change in Control has occurred pursuant to the above definition, the date of such Change in Control and any incidental matters relating thereto; provided that any exercise of authority in conjunction with a determination of whether a Change in Control is a change in control event as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) shall be consistent with such regulation. 
 2.7 Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and all regulations, guidance, compliance programs and other interpretative authority issued thereunder. 

2.8 Committee means one or more committees or subcommittees of the Board, which may include one or more Company directors or executive officers, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law. To the extent required to comply with the provisions of Rule 16b-3, it is intended that each member of the 

Committee will be, at the time the Committee takes any action with respect to an Award that is subject to Rule 16b-3, a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3; however, a Committee member s failure to qualify as a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 will not invalidate any Award granted by the Committee that is otherwise validly granted under the Plan. 

2.9 Common Stock means the common stock of the Company. 

2.10 Company means Eargo, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor. 

2.11 Consultant means any person, including any adviser, engaged by the Company or its parent or Subsidiary to render services to such entity if the consultant or adviser: (i) renders bona fide services to the Company; (ii) renders services not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction and does not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Company s securities; and (iii) is a natural person. 

2.12 Designated Beneficiary means the beneficiary or beneficiaries the Participant designates, in a manner the Company determines, to receive amounts due or exercise the Participant s rights if the Participant dies. Without a Participant s effective designation, Designated Beneficiary will mean the Participant s estate. 

2.13 Director means a Board member. 

2.14 Disability means a permanent and total disability under Section 22(e)(3) of the Code. 

2.15 Dividend Equivalents means a right granted to a Participant to receive the equivalent value (in cash or Shares) of dividends paid on a specified number of Shares. Such Dividend Equivalent shall be converted to cash or additional Shares, or a combination of cash and Shares, by such formula and at such time and subject to such limitations as may be determined by the Administrator. 

2.16 DRO means a domestic relations order as defined by the Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or the rules thereunder. 

2.17 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Section 11.3. 

2.18 Employee means any employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

2.19 Equity Restructuring means a nonreciprocal transaction between the Company and its stockholders, such as a stock dividend, stock split (including a reverse stock split), spin-off or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend, that affects the number or kind of Shares (or other Company securities) or the share price of Common Stock (or other Company securities) and causes a change in the per share value of the Common Stock underlying outstanding Awards. 

2.20 Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all regulations, guidance and other interpretative authority issued thereunder. 

2.21 Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of a Share determined as follows: (i) if the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange, the value of a Share will be the closing sales price for a Share as quoted on such exchange for such date, or if no sale occurred on such date, the last day preceding such date during which a sale occurred, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Administrator deems reliable; (ii) if the Common Stock is not listed on an established stock exchange but is quoted on a national market or other quotation system, the value of a Share will be the 

closing sales price for a Share on such date, or if no sales occurred on such date, then on the last date preceding such date during which a sale occurred, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Administrator deems reliable; or (iii) if the Common Stock is not listed on any established stock exchange or quoted on a national market or other quotation system, the value established by the Administrator in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Award granted on or after the effectiveness of the Company s registration statement relating to its initial public offering and prior to the Public Trading Date, the Fair Market Value means the initial public offering price of a Share as set forth in the Company s final prospectus relating to its initial public offering filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

2.22 Greater Than 10 Stockholder means an individual then owning (within the meaning of Section 424(d) of the Code) more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any parent corporation or subsidiary corporation of the Company, as determined in accordance with in Section 424(e) and (f) of the Code, respectively. 

2.23 Incentive Stock Option means an Option that meets the requirements to qualify as an incentive stock option as defined in Section 422 of the Code. 

2.24 Incumbent Directors means, for any period of 12 consecutive months, individuals who, at the beginning of such period, constitute the Board together with any new Director(s) (other than a Director designated by a person who shall have entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in Section 2.6(a) or 2.6(c)) whose election or nomination for election to the Board was approved by a vote of at least a majority (either by a specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of the Company in which such person is named as a nominee for Director without objection to such nomination) of the Directors then still in office who either were Directors at the beginning of the 12-month period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved. No individual initially elected or nominated as a director of the Company as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to Directors or as a result of any other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies by or on behalf of any person other than the Board shall be an Incumbent Director. 

2.25 Nonqualified Stock Option means an Option that is not an Incentive Stock Option. 

2.26 Option means a right granted under Article VI to purchase a specified number of Shares at a specified price per Share during a specified time period. An Option may be either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonqualified Stock Option. 

2.27 Other Stock or Cash Based Awards means cash awards, awards of Shares, and other awards valued wholly or partially by referring to, or are otherwise based on, Shares or other property. 

2.28 Overall Share Limit means the sum of (i) 2,649,129 Shares; (ii) any Shares that are subject to Prior Plan Awards that become available for issuance under the Plan pursuant to Article V; and (iii) an annual increase on the first day of each year beginning in 2021 and ending in 2030, equal to the lesser of (A) 5 of the Shares outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year and (B) such smaller number of Shares as determined by the Board or Committee. 

2.29 Participant means a Service Provider who has been granted an Award. 

2.30 Performance Bonus Award has the meaning set forth in Section 8.3. 

2.31 Performance Stock Unit means a right granted to a Participant pursuant to Section 8.1 and subject to Section 8.2, to receive Shares, the payment of which is contingent upon achieving certain performance goals or other performance-based targets established by the Administrator. 

2.32 Permitted Transferee means, with respect to a Participant, any family member of the Participant, as defined in the General Instructions to Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act (or any successor form thereto), or any other transferee specifically approved by the Administrator after taking into account Applicable Law. 

2.33 Plan means this 2020 Incentive Award Plan, as amended. 

2.34 Prior Plan means the Company s 2010 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended. 

2.35 Prior Plan Award means an award outstanding under the Prior Plan as of the Effective Date. 

2.36 Public Trading Date means the first date upon which Common Stock is listed upon notice of issuance on any securities exchange or designated upon notice of issuance as a national market security on an interdealer quotation system. 

2.37 Restricted Stock means Shares awarded to a Participant under Article VII, subject to certain vesting conditions and other restrictions. 

2.38 Restricted Stock Unit means an unfunded, unsecured right to receive, on the applicable settlement date, one Share or an amount in cash or other consideration determined by the Administrator to be of equal value as of such settlement date, subject to certain vesting conditions and other restrictions. 

2.39 Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

2.40 Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code. 

2.41 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and all regulations, guidance and other interpretative authority issued thereunder. 

2.42 Service Provider means an Employee, Consultant or Director. 

2.43 Shares means shares of Common Stock. 

2.44 Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means a right granted under Article VI to receive a payment equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of a specified number of Shares on the date the right is exercised over the exercise price set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. 

2.45 Subsidiary means any entity (other than the Company), whether domestic or foreign, in an unbroken chain of entities beginning with the Company if each of the entities other than the last entity in the unbroken chain beneficially owns, at the time of the determination, securities or interests representing at least 50 of the total combined voting power of all classes of securities or interests in one of the other entities in such chain. 

2.46 Substitute Awards means Awards granted or Shares issued by the Company in assumption of, or in substitution or exchange for, awards previously granted, or the right or obligation to 

make future awards, in each case by a company or other entity acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary or with which the Company or any Subsidiary combines. 

2.47 Termination of Service means: 

(a) As to a Consultant, the time when the engagement of a Participant as a Consultant to the Company or a Subsidiary is terminated for any reason, with or without cause, including, without limitation, by resignation, discharge, death or retirement, but excluding terminations where the Consultant simultaneously commences or remains in employment or service with the Company or any Subsidiary. 

(b) As to a Non-Employee Director, the time when a Participant who is a Non Employee Director ceases to be a Director for any reason, including, without limitation, a termination by resignation, failure to be elected, death or retirement, but excluding terminations where the Participant simultaneously commences or remains in employment or service with the Company or any Subsidiary. 

(c) As to an Employee, the time when the employee-employer relationship between a Participant and the Company or any Subsidiary is terminated for any reason, including, without limitation, a termination by resignation, discharge, death, disability or retirement; but excluding terminations where the Participant simultaneously commences or remains in employment or service with the Company or any Subsidiary. 

The Company, in its sole discretion, shall determine the effect of all matters and questions relating to any Termination of Service, including, without limitation, whether a Termination of Service has occurred, whether a Termination of Service resulted from a discharge for cause and all questions of whether particular leaves of absence constitute a Termination of Service. For purposes of the Plan, a Participant s employee-employer relationship or consultancy relationship shall be deemed to be terminated in the event that the Subsidiary employing or contracting with such Participant ceases to remain a Subsidiary following any merger, sale of stock or other corporate transaction or event (including, without limitation, a spin-off), even though the Participant may subsequently continue to perform services for that entity. 
 ARTICLE III. Eligibility 

Service Providers are eligible to be granted Awards under the Plan, subject to the limitations described herein. No Service Provider shall have any right to be granted an Award pursuant to the Plan and neither the Company nor the Administrator is obligated to treat Service Providers, Participants or any other persons uniformly. 
 ARTICLE IV. Administration and Delegation 

4.1 Administration . 

(a) The Plan is administered by the Administrator. The Administrator has authority to determine which Service Providers receive Awards, grant Awards and set Award terms and conditions, subject to the conditions and limitations in the Plan. The Administrator also has the authority to take all actions and make all determinations under the Plan, to interpret the Plan and Award Agreements and to adopt, amend and repeal Plan administrative rules, guidelines and practices as it deems advisable. The Administrator may correct defects and ambiguities, supply omissions, reconcile inconsistencies in the Plan or any Award and make all other determinations that it deems necessary or appropriate to administer the Plan and any Awards. The Administrator (and each member thereof) is entitled to, in good faith, rely or act 

upon any report or other information furnished to it, him or her by any officer or other employee of the Company or any Subsidiary, the Company s independent certified public accountants, or any executive compensation consultant or other professional retained by the Company to assist in the administration of the Plan. The Administrator s determinations under the Plan are in its sole discretion and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons having or claiming any interest in the Plan or any Award. 

(b) Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrator has the exclusive power, authority and sole discretion to: (i) designate Participants; (ii) determine the type or types of Awards to be granted to each Participant; (iii) determine the number of Awards to be granted and the number of Shares to which an Award will relate; (iv) subject to the limitations in the Plan, determine the terms and conditions of any Award and related Award Agreement, including, but not limited to, the exercise price, grant price, purchase price, any performance criteria, any restrictions or limitations on the Award, any schedule for vesting, lapse of forfeiture restrictions or restrictions on the exercisability of an Award, and accelerations, waivers or amendments thereof; (v) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances an Award may be settled in, or the exercise price of an Award may be paid in cash, Shares, or other property, or an Award may be canceled, forfeited, or surrendered; and (vi) make all other decisions and determinations that may be required pursuant to the Plan or as the Administrator deems necessary or advisable to administer the Plan. 

4.2 Delegation of Authority . To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Board or any Committee may delegate any or all of its powers under the Plan to one or more Committees or officers of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; provided, however, that in no event shall an officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries be delegated the authority to grant Awards to, or amend Awards held by, the following individuals: (a) individuals who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, or (b) officers of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Directors to whom authority to grant or amend Awards has been delegated hereunder. Any delegation hereunder shall be subject to the restrictions and limits that the Board or Committee specifies at the time of such delegation or that are otherwise included in the applicable organizational documents, and the Board or Committee, as applicable, may at any time rescind the authority so delegated or appoint a new delegatee. At all times, the delegatee appointed under this Section 4.2 shall serve in such capacity at the pleasure of the Board or the Committee, as applicable, and the Board or the Committee may abolish any committee at any time and re-vest in itself any previously delegated authority. Further, regardless of any delegation, the Board or a Committee may, in its discretion, exercise any and all rights and duties as the Administrator under the Plan delegated thereby, except with respect to Awards that are required to be determined in the sole discretion of the Committee under the rules of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Shares are listed, quoted or traded. 

ARTICLE V. Stock Available for Awards 

5.1 Number of Shares . Subject to adjustment under Article IX and the terms of this Article V, Awards may be made under the Plan covering up to the Overall Share Limit. As of the Effective Date, the Company will cease granting awards under the Prior Plan; however, Prior Plan Awards will remain subject to the terms of the Prior Plan. Shares issued or delivered under the Plan may consist of authorized but unissued Shares, Shares purchased on the open market or treasury Shares. 

5.2 Share Recycling . 

(a) If all or any part of an Award or Prior Plan Award expires, lapses or is terminated, converted into an award in respect of shares of another entity in connection with a spin-off or other similar event, exchanged for cash, surrendered, repurchased, canceled without having been fully exercised or forfeited, in any case, in a manner that results in the Company acquiring Shares covered by the Award or 

Prior Plan Award at a price not greater than the price (as adjusted to reflect any Equity Restructuring) paid by the Participant for such Shares or not issuing any Shares covered by the Award or Prior Plan Award, the unused Shares covered by the Award or Prior Plan Award will, as applicable, become or again be available for Awards under the Plan. The payment of Dividend Equivalents in cash in conjunction with any outstanding Awards or Prior Plan Awards shall not count against the Overall Share Limit. 

(b) In addition, the following Shares shall be available for future grants of Awards: (i) Shares tendered by a Participant or withheld by the Company in payment of the exercise price of an Option or any stock option granted under the Prior Plan; (ii) Shares tendered by the Participant or withheld by the Company to satisfy any tax withholding obligation with respect to an Award or any award granted under the Prior Plan; and (iii) Shares subject to a Stock Appreciation Right that are not issued in connection with the stock settlement of the Stock Appreciation Right on exercise thereof. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.2(b), no Shares may again be optioned, granted or awarded pursuant to an Incentive Stock Option if such action would cause such Option to fail to qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code. 

5.3 Incentive Stock Option Limitations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no more than 1,417,207 Shares (as adjusted to reflect any Equity Restructuring) may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options. 

5.4 Substitute Awards . In connection with an entity s merger or consolidation with the Company or any Subsidiary or the Company s or any Subsidiary s acquisition of an entity s property or stock, the Administrator may grant Awards in substitution for any options or other stock or stock-based awards granted before such merger or consolidation by such entity or its affiliate. Substitute Awards may be granted on such terms and conditions as the Administrator deems appropriate, notwithstanding limitations on Awards in the Plan. Substitute Awards will not count against the Overall Share Limit (nor shall Shares subject to a Substitute Award be added to the Shares available for Awards under the Plan as provided above), except that Shares acquired by exercise of substitute Incentive Stock Options will count against the maximum number of Shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options under the Plan. Additionally, in the event that a company acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary or with which the Company or any Subsidiary combines has shares available under a pre existing plan approved by stockholders and not adopted in contemplation of such acquisition or combination, the shares available for grant pursuant to the terms of such pre-existing plan (as appropriately adjusted to reflect the transaction) may be used for Awards under the Plan and shall not reduce the Shares authorized for grant under the Plan (and Shares subject to such Awards may again become available for Awards under the Plan as provided under Section 5.2 above); provided that Awards using such available shares shall not be made after the date awards or grants could have been made under the terms of the pre-existing plan, absent the acquisition or combination, and shall only be made to individuals who were not employees or directors of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries prior to such acquisition or combination. 

5.5 Non-Employee Director Award Limit . Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Plan or in any policy of the Company regarding non-employee director compensation, the sum of the grant date fair value (determined as of the grant date in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, or any successor thereto) of all equity-based Awards and the maximum amount that may become payable pursuant to all cash-based Awards that may be granted to a Service Provider as compensation for services as a Non-Employee Director during any calendar year shall not exceed 1,500,000. 

ARTICLE VI. Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights 

6.1 General . The Administrator may grant Options or Stock Appreciation Rights to one or more Service Providers, subject to such terms and conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as the Administrator shall determine. The Administrator will determine the number of Shares covered by each Option and Stock Appreciation Right, the exercise price of each Option and Stock Appreciation Right and the conditions and limitations applicable to the exercise of each Option and Stock Appreciation Right. A Stock Appreciation Right will entitle the Participant (or other person entitled to exercise the Stock Appreciation Right) to receive from the Company upon exercise of the exercisable portion of the Stock Appreciation Right an amount determined by multiplying the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value of one Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price per Share of the Stock Appreciation Right by the number of Shares with respect to which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised, subject to any limitations of the Plan or that the Administrator may impose and payable in cash, Shares valued at Fair Market Value on the date of exercise or a combination of the two as the Administrator may determine or provide in the Award Agreement. 

6.2 Exercise Price . The Administrator will establish each Option s and Stock Appreciation Right s exercise price and specify the exercise price in the Award Agreement. Subject to Section 6.6, the exercise price will not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value on the grant date of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right that is a Substitute Award, the exercise price per share of the Shares subject to such Option or Stock Appreciation Right, as applicable, may be less than the Fair Market Value per share on the date of grant; provided that the exercise price of any Substitute Award shall be determined in accordance with the applicable requirements of Section 424 and 409A of the Code. 

6.3 Duration of Options . Subject to Section 6.6, each Option or Stock Appreciation Right will be exercisable at such times and as specified in the Award Agreement, provided that the term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right will not exceed ten years; provided, further, that, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, (a) no portion of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right which is unexercisable at a Participant s Termination of Service shall thereafter become exercisable and (b) the portion of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right that is unexercisable at a Participant s Termination of Service shall automatically expire on the date of such Termination of Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant, prior to the end of the term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right, commits an act of cause (as determined by the Administrator), or violates any non-competition, non-solicitation or confidentiality provisions of any employment contract, confidentiality and nondisclosure agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the right to exercise the Option or Stock Appreciation Right, as applicable, may be terminated by the Company and the Company may suspend the Participant s right to exercise the Option or Stock Appreciation Right when it reasonably believes that the Participant may have participated in any such act or violation. 

6.4 Exercise . Options and Stock Appreciation Rights may be exercised by delivering to the Company (or such other person or entity designated by the Administrator) a notice of exercise, in a form and manner the Company approves (which may be written, electronic or telephonic and may contain representations and warranties deemed advisable by the Administrator), signed or authenticated by the person authorized to exercise the Option or Stock Appreciation Right, together with, as applicable, payment in full of (a) the exercise price for the number of Shares for which the Option is exercised in a manner specified in Section 6.5 and (b) all applicable taxes in a manner specified in Section 10.5. The Administrator may, in its discretion, limit exercise with respect to fractional Shares and require that any partial exercise of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right be with respect to a minimum number of Shares. 

6.5 Payment Upon Exercise . The Administrator shall determine the methods by which payment of the exercise price of an Option shall be made, including, without limitation: 

(a) Cash, check or wire transfer of immediately available funds; provided that the Company may limit the use of one of the foregoing methods if one or more of the methods below is permitted; 

(b) If there is a public market for Shares at the time of exercise, unless the Company otherwise determines, (A) delivery (including electronically or telephonically to the extent permitted by the Company) of a notice that the Participant has placed a market sell order with a broker acceptable to the Company with respect to Shares then issuable upon exercise of the Option and that the broker has been directed to deliver promptly to the Company funds sufficient to pay the exercise price, or (B) the Participant s delivery to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company an amount sufficient to pay the exercise price by cash, wire transfer of immediately available funds or check; provided that such amount is paid to the Company at such time as may be required by the Company; 

(c) To the extent permitted by the Administrator, delivery (either by actual delivery or attestation) of Shares owned by the Participant valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of delivery; 

(d) To the extent permitted by the Administrator, surrendering Shares then issuable upon the Option s exercise valued at their Fair Market Value on the exercise date; 

(e) To the extent permitted by the Administrator, delivery of a promissory note or any other lawful consideration; or 

(f) To the extent permitted by the Administrator, any combination of the above payment forms. 

6.6 Additional Terms of Incentive Stock Options . The Administrator may grant Incentive Stock Options only to employees of the Company, any of its present or future parent or subsidiary corporations, as defined in Sections 424(e) or (f) of the Code, respectively, and any other entities the employees of which are eligible to receive Incentive Stock Options under the Code. If an Incentive Stock Option is granted to a Greater Than 10 Stockholder, the exercise price will not be less than 110 of the Fair Market Value on the Option s grant date, and the term of the Option will not exceed five years. All Incentive Stock Options (and Award Agreements related thereto) will be subject to and construed consistently with Section 422 of the Code. By accepting an Incentive Stock Option, the Participant agrees to give prompt notice to the Company of dispositions or other transfers (other than in connection with a Change in Control) of Shares acquired under the Option made within (a) two years from the grant date of the Option or (b) one year after the transfer of such Shares to the Participant, specifying the date of the disposition or other transfer and the amount the Participant realized, in cash, other property, assumption of indebtedness or other consideration, in such disposition or other transfer. Neither the Company nor the Administrator will be liable to a Participant, or any other party, if an Incentive Stock Option fails or ceases to qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code. Any Incentive Stock Option or portion thereof that fails to qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code for any reason, including becoming exercisable with respect to Shares having a fair market value exceeding the 100,000 limitation under Treasury Regulation Section 1.422-4, will be a Nonqualified Stock Option. 

ARTICLE VII. Restricted Stock; Restricted Stock Units 

7.1 General . The Administrator may grant Restricted Stock, or the right to purchase Restricted Stock, to any Service Provider, subject to forfeiture or the Company s right to repurchase all or part of such shares at their issue price or other stated or formula price from the Participant if conditions the Administrator specifies in the Award Agreement are not satisfied before the end of the applicable restriction period or periods that the Administrator establishes for such Award. In addition, the Administrator may grant Restricted Stock Units, which may be subject to vesting and forfeiture conditions during the applicable restriction period or periods, as set forth in an Award Agreement, to Service Providers. The Administrator shall establish the purchase price, if any, and form of payment for Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units; provided, however, that if a purchase price is charged, such purchase price shall be no less than the par value, if any, of the Shares to be purchased, unless otherwise permitted by Applicable Law. In all cases, legal consideration shall be required for each issuance of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units to the extent required by Applicable Law. The Award Agreement for each Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit Award shall set forth the terms and conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as the Administrator shall determine. 

7.2 Restricted Stock . 

(a) Stockholder Rights . Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, each Participant holding shares of Restricted Stock will be entitled to all the rights of a stockholder with respect to such Shares, subject to the restrictions in the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, including the right to receive all dividends and other distributions paid or made with respect to the Shares to the extent such dividends and other distributions have a record date that is on or after the date on which such Participant becomes the record holder of such Shares; provided, however, that with respect to a share of Restricted Stock subject to restrictions or vesting conditions as described in Section 8.3, except in connection with a spin-off or other similar event as otherwise permitted under Section 9.2, dividends which are paid to Company stockholders prior to the removal of restrictions and satisfaction of vesting conditions shall only be paid to the Participant to the extent that the restrictions are subsequently removed and the vesting conditions are subsequently satisfied and the share of Restricted Stock vests. 

(b) Stock Certificates . The Company may require that the Participant deposit in escrow with the Company (or its designee) any stock certificates issued in respect of shares of Restricted Stock, together with a stock power endorsed in blank. 

(c) Section 83(b) Election . If a Participant makes an election under Section 83(b) of the Code to be taxed with respect to the Restricted Stock as of the date of transfer of the Restricted Stock rather than as of the date or dates upon which such Participant would otherwise be taxable under Section 83(a) of the Code, such Participant shall be required to deliver a copy of such election to the Company promptly after filing such election with the Internal Revenue Service along with proof of the timely filing thereof. 

7.3 Restricted Stock Units . The Administrator may provide that settlement of Restricted Stock Units will occur upon or as soon as reasonably practicable after the Restricted Stock Units vest or will instead be deferred, on a mandatory basis or at the Participant s election, subject to compliance with Applicable Law. 

ARTICLE VIII. OTHER TYPES OF AWARDS 

8.1 General . The Administrator may grant Performance Stock Unit awards, Performance Bonus Awards, Dividend Equivalents or Other Stock or Cash Based Awards, to one or more Service Providers, in such amounts and subject to such terms and conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as the Administrator shall determine. 

8.2 Performance Stock Unit Awards . Each Performance Stock Unit award shall be denominated in a number of Shares or in unit equivalents of Shares or units of value (including a dollar value of Shares) and may be linked to any one or more of performance or other specific criteria, including service to the Company or Subsidiaries, determined to be appropriate by the Administrator, in each case on a specified date or dates or over any period or periods determined by the Administrator. In making such determinations, the Administrator may consider (among such other factors as it deems relevant in light of the specific type of award) the contributions, responsibilities and other compensation of the particular Participant. 

8.3 Performance Bonus Awards . Each right to receive a bonus granted under this Section 8.3 shall be denominated in the form of cash (but may be payable in cash, stock or a combination thereof) (a Performance Bonus Award and shall be payable upon the attainment of performance goals that are established by the Administrator and relate to one or more of performance or other specific criteria, including service to the Company or Subsidiaries, in each case on a specified date or dates or over any period or periods determined by the Administrator. 

8.4 Dividend Equivalents . If the Administrator provides, an Award (other than an Option or Stock Appreciation Right) may provide a Participant with the right to receive Dividend Equivalents. Dividend Equivalents may be paid currently or credited to an account for the Participant, settled in cash or Shares and subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Award with respect to which the Dividend Equivalents are granted and subject to other terms and conditions as set forth in the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Dividend Equivalents with respect to an Award subject to vesting shall either (i) to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, not be paid or credited or (ii) be accumulated and subject to vesting to the same extent as the related Award. All such Dividend Equivalents shall be paid at such time as the Administrator shall specify in the applicable Award Agreement. 

8.5 Other Stock or Cash Based Awards . Other Stock or Cash Based Awards may be granted to Participants, including Awards entitling Participants to receive cash or Shares to be delivered in the future and annual or other periodic or long-term cash bonus awards (whether based on specified performance criteria or otherwise), in each case subject to any conditions and limitations in the Plan. Such Other Stock or Cash Based Awards will also be available as a payment form in the settlement of other Awards, as standalone payments and as payment in lieu of compensation to which a Participant is otherwise entitled. Other Stock or Cash Based Awards may be paid in Shares, cash or other property, as the Administrator determines. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Administrator will determine the terms and conditions of each Other Stock or Cash Based Award, including any purchase price, performance goal(s), transfer restrictions, and vesting conditions, which will be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. Except in connection with a spin-off or other similar event as otherwise permitted under Article IX, dividends that are paid prior to vesting of any Other Stock or Cash Based Award shall only be paid to the applicable Participant to the extent that the vesting conditions are subsequently satisfied and the Other Stock or Cash Based Award vests. 

ARTICLE IX. Adjustments for Changes in Common Stock and Certain Other Events 

9.1 Equity Restructuring . In connection with any Equity Restructuring, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article IX the Administrator will equitably adjust the terms of the Plan and each outstanding Award as it deems appropriate to reflect the Equity Restructuring, which may include (i) adjusting the number and type of securities subject to each outstanding Award or with respect to which Awards may be granted under the Plan (including, but not limited to, adjustments of the limitations in 

Article V hereof on the maximum number and kind of shares that may be issued); (ii) adjusting the terms and conditions of (including the grant or exercise price), and the performance goals or other criteria included in, outstanding Awards; and (iii) granting new Awards or making cash payments to Participants. The adjustments provided under this Section 9.1 will be nondiscretionary and final and binding on all interested parties, including the affected Participant and the Company; provided that the Administrator will determine whether an adjustment is equitable. 

9.2 Corporate Transactions . In the event of any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Common Stock, other securities, or other property), reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin off, combination, amalgamation, repurchase, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, or sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or sale or exchange of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, Change in Control, issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase Common Stock or other securities of the Company, other similar corporate transaction or event, other unusual or nonrecurring transaction or event affecting the Company or its financial statements or any change in any Applicable Law or accounting principles, the Administrator, on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, either by the terms of the Award or by action taken prior to the occurrence of such transaction or event (except that action to give effect to a change in Applicable Law or accounting principles may be made within a reasonable period of time after such change) and either automatically or upon the Participant s request, is hereby authorized to take any one or more of the following actions whenever the Administrator determines that such action is appropriate in order to (x) prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended by the Company to be made available under the Plan or with respect to any Award granted or issued under the Plan, (y) to facilitate such transaction or event or (z) give effect to such changes in Applicable Law or accounting principles: 

(a) To provide for the cancellation of any such Award in exchange for either an amount of cash or other property with a value equal to the amount that could have been obtained upon the exercise or settlement of the vested portion of such Award or realization of the Participant s rights under the vested portion of such Award, as applicable; provided that, if the amount that could have been obtained upon the exercise or settlement of the vested portion of such Award or realization of the Participant s rights, in any case, is equal to or less than zero, then the Award may be terminated without payment; 

(b) To provide that such Award shall vest and, to the extent applicable, be exercisable as to all Shares (or other property) covered thereby, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the provisions of such Award; 

(c) To provide that such Award be assumed by the successor or survivor corporation or entity, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, or shall be substituted for by awards covering the stock of the successor or survivor corporation or entity, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and applicable exercise or purchase price, in all cases, as determined by the Administrator; 

(d) To make adjustments in the number and type of shares of Common Stock (or other securities or property) subject to outstanding Awards or with respect to which Awards may be granted under the Plan (including, but not limited to, adjustments of the limitations in Article V hereof on the maximum number and kind of shares which may be issued) or in the terms and conditions of (including the grant or exercise price), and the criteria included in, outstanding Awards; 

(e) To replace such Award with other rights or property selected by the Administrator; or 

(f) To provide that the Award will terminate and cannot vest, be exercised or become payable after the applicable event. 

9.3 Change in Control . 

(a) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, in the event of a Change in Control, unless the Administrator elects to (i) terminate an Award in exchange for cash, rights or property, or (ii) cause an Award to become fully exercisable and no longer subject to any forfeiture restrictions prior to the consummation of a Change in Control, pursuant to Section 9.2, (A) such Award (other than any portion subject to performance-based vesting) shall continue in effect or be assumed or an equivalent Award substituted by the successor corporation or a parent or subsidiary of the successor corporation and (B) the portion of such Award subject to performance-based vesting shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Award Agreement and, in the absence of applicable terms and conditions, the Administrator s discretion. 

(b) In the event that the successor corporation in a Change in Control refuses to assume or substitute for an Award (other than any portion subject to performance-based vesting), the Administrator shall cause such Award to become fully vested and, if applicable, exercisable immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction and all forfeiture restrictions on such Award to lapse and, to the extent unexercised upon the consummation of such transaction, to terminate in exchange for cash, rights or other property. The Administrator shall notify the Participant of any Award that becomes exercisable pursuant to the preceding sentence that such Award shall be fully exercisable for a period of 15 days from the date of such notice, contingent upon the occurrence of the Change in Control, and such Award shall terminate upon the consummation of the Change in Control in accordance with the preceding sentence. 

(c) For the purposes of this Section 9.3, an Award shall be considered assumed if, following the Change in Control, the Award confers the right to purchase or receive, for each Share subject to the Award immediately prior to the Change in Control, the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property) received in the Change in Control by holders of Common Stock for each Share held on the effective date of the transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares); provided, however, that if such consideration received in the Change in Control was not solely common stock of the successor corporation or its parent, the Administrator may, with the consent of the successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise of the Award, for each Share subject to an Award, to be solely common stock of the successor corporation or its parent equal in fair market value to the per-share consideration received by holders of Common Stock in the Change in Control. 

9.4 Administrative Stand Still . In the event of any pending stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation or other distribution (other than normal cash dividends) of Company assets to stockholders, or any other extraordinary transaction or change affecting the Shares or the share price of Common Stock (including any Equity Restructuring or any securities offering or other similar transaction) or for reasons of administrative convenience or to facilitate compliance with any Applicable Law, the Company may refuse to permit the exercise or settlement of one or more Awards for such period of time as the Company may determine to be reasonably appropriate under the circumstances. 

9.5 General . Except as expressly provided in the Plan or the Administrator s action under the Plan, no Participant will have any rights due to any subdivision or consolidation of Shares of any class, dividend payment, increase or decrease in the number of Shares of any class or dissolution, liquidation, merger, or consolidation of the Company or other corporation. Except as expressly provided with respect to an Equity Restructuring under Section 9.1 above or the Administrator s action under the Plan, no issuance 

by the Company of Shares of any class, or securities convertible into Shares of any class, will affect, and no adjustment will be made regarding, the number of Shares subject to an Award or the Award s grant or exercise price. The existence of the Plan, any Award Agreements and the Awards granted hereunder will not affect or restrict in any way the Company s right or power to make or authorize (i) any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Company s capital structure or its business, (ii) any merger, consolidation, spinoff, dissolution or liquidation of the Company or sale of Company assets or (iii) any sale or issuance of securities, including securities with rights superior to those of the Shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Shares. 

ARTICLE X. Provisions Applicable to Awards 

10.1 Transferability . 

(a) No Award may be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered, either voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, or, subject to the Administrator s consent, pursuant to a domestic relations order, unless and until such Award has been exercised or the Shares underlying such Award have been issued, and all restrictions applicable to such Shares have lapsed. During the life of a Participant, Awards will be exercisable only by the Participant, unless it has been disposed of pursuant to a domestic relations order. After the death of a Participant, any exercisable portion of an Award may, prior to the time when such portion becomes unexercisable under the Plan or the applicable Award Agreement, be exercised by the Participant s personal representative or by any person empowered to do so under the deceased Participant s will or under the then-Applicable Law of descent and distribution. References to a Participant, to the extent relevant in the context, will include references to a transferee approved by the Administrator. 

(b) Notwithstanding Section 10.1(a), the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may determine to permit a Participant or a Permitted Transferee of such Participant to transfer an Award other than an Incentive Stock Option (unless such Incentive Stock Option is intended to become a Nonqualified Stock Option) to any one or more Permitted Transferees of such Participant, subject to the following terms and conditions: (i) an Award transferred to a Permitted Transferee shall not be assignable or transferable by the Permitted Transferee other than (A) to another Permitted Transferee of the applicable Participant or (B) by will or the laws of descent and distribution or, subject to the consent of the Administrator, pursuant to a domestic relations order; (ii) an Award transferred to a Permitted Transferee shall continue to be subject to all the terms and conditions of the Award as applicable to the original Participant (other than the ability to further transfer the Award to any Person other than another Permitted Transferee of the applicable Participant); (iii) the Participant (or transferring Permitted Transferee) and the receiving Permitted Transferee shall execute any and all documents requested by the Administrator, including, without limitation documents to (A) confirm the status of the transferee as a Permitted Transferee, (B) satisfy any requirements for an exemption for the transfer under Applicable Law and (C) evidence the transfer; and (iv) any transfer of an Award to a Permitted Transferee shall be without consideration, except as required by Applicable Law. In addition, and further notwithstanding Section 10.1(a), the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may determine to permit a Participant to transfer Incentive Stock Options to a trust that constitutes a Permitted Transferee if, under Section 671 of the Code and other Applicable Law, the Participant is considered the sole beneficial owner of the Incentive Stock Option while it is held in the trust. 

(c) Notwithstanding Section 10.1(a), a Participant may, in the manner determined by the Administrator, designate a Designated Beneficiary. A Designated Beneficiary, legal guardian, legal representative, or other person claiming any rights pursuant to the Plan is subject to all terms and conditions of the Plan and any Award Agreement applicable to the Participant and any additional restrictions deemed necessary or appropriate by the Administrator. If the Participant is married or a domestic partner in a 

domestic partnership qualified under Applicable Law and resides in a community property state, a designation of a person other than the Participant s spouse or domestic partner, as applicable, as the Participant s Designated Beneficiary with respect to more than 50 of the Participant s interest in the Award shall not be effective without the prior written or electronic consent of the Participant s spouse or domestic partner. Subject to the foregoing, a beneficiary designation may be changed or revoked by a Participant at any time; provided that the change or revocation is delivered in writing to the Administrator prior to the Participant s death. 

10.2 Documentation . Each Award will be evidenced in an Award Agreement in such form as the Administrator determines in its discretion. Each Award may contain such terms and conditions as are determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, to the extent not inconsistent with those set forth in the Plan. 

10.3 Discretion . Except as the Plan otherwise provides, each Award may be made alone or in addition or in relation to any other Award. The terms of each Award to a Participant need not be identical, and the Administrator need not treat Participants or Awards (or portions thereof) uniformly. 

10.4 Changes in Participant s Status . The Administrator will determine how the disability, death, retirement, authorized leave of absence or any other change or purported change in a Participant s Service Provider status affects an Award and the extent to which, and the period during which, the Participant, the Participant s legal representative, conservator, guardian or Designated Beneficiary may exercise rights under the Award, if applicable. Except to the extent otherwise required by law or expressly authorized by the Company or by the Company s written policy on leaves of absence, no Service credit shall be given for vesting purposes for any period the Participant is on a leave of absence. 

10.5 Withholding . Each Participant must pay the Company, or make provision satisfactory to the Administrator for payment of, any taxes required by law to be withheld in connection with such Participant s Awards by the date of the event creating the tax liability. The Company may deduct an amount sufficient to satisfy such tax obligations from any payment of any kind otherwise due to a Participant. The amount deducted shall be determined by the Company and may be up to, but no greater than, the aggregate amount of such obligations based on the maximum statutory withholding rates in the applicable Participant s jurisdiction for federal, state, local and foreign income tax and payroll tax purposes that are applicable to such taxable income. Subject to any Company insider trading policy (including blackout periods), Participants may satisfy such tax obligations (i) in cash, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, by check made payable to the order of the Company; provided that the Company may limit the use of one of the foregoing methods if one or more of the exercise methods below is permitted, (ii) to the extent permitted by the Administrator, in whole or in part by delivery of Shares, including Shares delivered by attestation and Shares retained from the Award creating the tax obligation, valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of delivery, (iii) if there is a public market for Shares at the time the tax obligations are satisfied, unless the Administrator otherwise determines, (A) delivery (including electronically or telephonically to the extent permitted by the Company) of a notice that the Participant has placed a market sell order with a broker acceptable to the Company with respect to Shares then issuable in respect of the Award and that the broker has been directed to deliver promptly to the Company funds sufficient to satisfy the tax obligations, or (B) the Participant s delivery to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy the tax withholding by cash, wire transfer of immediately available funds or check; provided that such amount is paid to the Company at such time as may be required by the Company, (iv) to the extent permitted by the Administrator, delivery of a promissory note or any other lawful consideration or (v) to the extent permitted by the Administrator, any combination of the foregoing payment forms. If any tax withholding obligation will be satisfied under clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence by the Company s retention of Shares from the Award creating the tax obligation and there is a public market for Shares at the time the 

tax obligation is satisfied, the Company may elect to instruct any brokerage firm determined acceptable to the Company for such purpose to sell on the applicable Participant s behalf some or all of the Shares retained and to remit the proceeds of the sale to the Company or its designee, and each Participant s acceptance of an Award under the Plan will constitute the Participant s authorization to the Company and instruction and authorization to such brokerage firm to complete the transactions described in this sentence. 

10.6 Amendment of Award; Repricing . The Administrator may amend, modify or terminate any outstanding Award, including by substituting another Award of the same or a different type, changing the exercise or settlement date, and converting an Incentive Stock Option to a Nonqualified Stock Option. The Participant s consent to such action will be required unless (i) the action, taking into account any related action, does not materially and adversely affect the Participant s rights under the Award, or (ii) the change is permitted under Article IX or pursuant to Section 11.6. In addition, the Administrator shall, without the approval of the stockholders of the Company, have the authority to (a) amend any outstanding Option or Stock Appreciation Right to reduce its exercise price per Share, or (b) cancel any Option or Stock Appreciation Right in exchange for cash or another Award. 

10.7 Conditions on Delivery of Stock . The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Shares under the Plan or remove restrictions from Shares previously delivered under the Plan until (i) all Award conditions have been met or removed to the Company s satisfaction, (ii) as determined by the Company, all other legal matters regarding the issuance and delivery of such Shares have been satisfied, including any applicable securities laws and stock exchange or stock market rules and regulations, and (iii) the Participant has executed and delivered to the Company such representations or agreements as the Administrator deems necessary or appropriate to satisfy Applicable Law. The Company s inability to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which the Administrator determines is necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any securities, will relieve the Company of any liability for failing to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority has not been obtained. 

10.8 Acceleration . The Administrator may at any time provide that any Award will become immediately vested and fully or partially exercisable, free of some or all restrictions or conditions, or otherwise fully or partially realizable. 

ARTICLE XI. Miscellaneous 

11.1 No Right to Employment or Other Status . No person will have any claim or right to be granted an Award, and the grant of an Award will not be construed as giving a Participant the right to continue employment or any other relationship with the Company. The Company expressly reserves the right at any time to dismiss or otherwise terminate its relationship with a Participant free from any liability or claim under the Plan or any Award, except as expressly provided in an Award Agreement or other written agreement between the Participant and the Company or any Subsidiary. 

11.2 No Rights as Stockholder; Certificates . Subject to the Award Agreement, no Participant or Designated Beneficiary will have any rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares to be distributed under an Award until becoming the record holder of such Shares. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, unless the Administrator otherwise determines or Applicable Law requires, the Company will not be required to deliver to any Participant certificates evidencing Shares issued in connection with any Award and instead such Shares may be recorded in the books of the Company (or, as applicable, its transfer agent or stock plan administrator). The Company may place legends on any share certificate or book entry to reference restrictions applicable to the Shares (including, without limitation, restrictions applicable to Restricted Stock). 

11.3 Effective Date . The Plan will become effective on the date immediately prior to the date the Company s registration statement relating to its initial public offering becomes effective (the Effective Date ). No Incentive Stock Option may be granted pursuant to the Plan after the tenth anniversary of the earlier of (i) the date the Plan was approved by the Board and (ii) the date the Plan was approved by the Company s stockholders. 

11.4 Amendment of Plan . The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan at any time and from time to time; provided that (a) no amendment requiring stockholder approval to comply with Applicable Law shall be effective unless approved by the Board, and (b) no amendment, other than an increase to the Overall Share Limit or pursuant to Article IX or Section 11.6, may materially and adversely affect any Award outstanding at the time of such amendment without the affected Participant s consent. No Awards may be granted under the Plan during any suspension period or after Plan termination. Awards outstanding at the time of any Plan suspension or termination will continue to be governed by the Plan and the Award Agreement, as in effect before such suspension or termination. The Board will obtain stockholder approval of any Plan amendment to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Law. 

11.5 Provisions for Foreign Participants . The Administrator may modify Awards granted to Participants who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States, establish subplans or procedures under the Plan or take any other necessary or appropriate action to address Applicable Law, including (a) differences in laws, rules, regulations or customs of such foreign jurisdictions with respect to tax, securities, currency, employee benefit or other matters, (b) listing and other requirements of any foreign securities exchange, and (c) any necessary local governmental or regulatory exemptions or approvals. 

11.6 Section 409A . 

(a) General . The Company intends that all Awards be structured to comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A, such that no adverse tax consequences, interest, or penalties under Section 409A apply. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or any Award Agreement to the contrary, the Administrator may, without a Participant s consent, amend this Plan or Awards, adopt policies and procedures, or take any other actions (including amendments, policies, procedures and retroactive actions) as are necessary or appropriate to preserve the intended tax treatment of Awards, including any such actions intended to (A) exempt this Plan or any Award from Section 409A, or (B) comply with Section 409A, including regulations, guidance, compliance programs and other interpretative authority that may be issued after an Award s grant date. The Company makes no representations or warranties as to an Award s tax treatment under Section 409A or otherwise. The Company will have no obligation under this Section 11.6 or otherwise to avoid the taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A with respect to any Award and will have no liability to any Participant or any other person if any Award, compensation or other benefits under the Plan are determined to constitute noncompliant nonqualified deferred compensation subject to taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A. 

(b) Separation from Service . If an Award constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A, any payment or settlement of such Award upon a Participant s Termination of Service will, to the extent necessary to avoid taxes under Section 409A, be made only upon the Participant s separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A), whether such separation from service occurs upon or after the Participant s Termination of Service. For purposes of this Plan or any Award Agreement relating to any such payments or benefits, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms means a separation from service. 

(c) Payments to Specified Employees . Notwithstanding any contrary provision in the Plan or any Award Agreement, any payment(s) of nonqualified deferred compensation required to be made under an Award to a specified employee (as defined under Section 409A and as the Administrator 

determines) due to his or her separation from service will, to the extent necessary to avoid taxes under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, be delayed for the six-month period immediately following such separation from service (or, if earlier, until the specified employee s death) and will instead be paid (as set forth in the Award Agreement) on the day immediately following such six-month period or as soon as administratively practicable thereafter (without interest). Any payments of nonqualified deferred compensation under such Award payable more than six months following the Participant s separation from service will be paid at the time or times the payments are otherwise scheduled to be made. 

11.7 Limitations on Liability . Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan, no individual acting as a director, officer or other employee of the Company or any Subsidiary will be liable to any Participant, former Participant, spouse, beneficiary, or any other person for any claim, loss, liability, or expense incurred in connection with the Plan or any Award, and such individual will not be personally liable with respect to the Plan because of any contract or other instrument executed in his or her capacity as an Administrator, director, officer or other employee of the Company or any Subsidiary. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless each director, officer or other employee of the Company or any Subsidiary that has been or will be granted or delegated any duty or power relating to the Plan s administration or interpretation, against any cost or expense (including attorneys fees) or liability (including any sum paid in settlement of a claim with the Administrator s approval) arising from any act or omission concerning this Plan unless arising from such person s own fraud or bad faith; provided that he or she gives the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she undertakes to handle and defend it on his or her own behalf. 

11.8 Data Privacy . As a condition for receiving any Award, each Participant explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of personal data as described in this Section by and among the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates exclusively for implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may hold certain personal information about a Participant, including the Participant s name, address and telephone number; birthdate; social security, insurance number or other identification number; salary; nationality; job title(s); any Shares held in the Company or its Subsidiaries and affiliates; and Award details, to implement, manage and administer the Plan and Awards (the Data ). The Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may transfer the Data amongst themselves as necessary to implement, administer and manage a Participant s participation in the Plan, and the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may transfer the Data to third parties assisting the Company with Plan implementation, administration and management. These recipients may be located in the Participant s country, or elsewhere, and the Participant s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the recipients country. By accepting an Award, each Participant authorizes such recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, to implement, administer and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan, including any required Data transfer to a broker or other third party with whom the Company or the Participant may elect to deposit any Shares. The Data related to a Participant will be held only as long as necessary to implement, administer, and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan. A Participant may, at any time, view the Data that the Company holds regarding such Participant, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data regarding such Participant, recommend any necessary corrections to the Data regarding the Participant or refuse or withdraw the consents in this Section 11.8 in writing, without cost, by contacting the local human resources representative. The Company may cancel Participant s ability to participate in the Plan and, in the Administrator s sole discretion, the Participant may forfeit any outstanding Awards if the Participant refuses or withdraws the consents in this Section 11.8. For more information on the consequences of refusing or withdrawing consent, Participants may contact their local human resources representative. 

11.9 Severability . If any portion of the Plan or any action taken under it is held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity will not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, and the Plan will 

be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provisions had been excluded, and the illegal or invalid action will be null and void. 

11.10 Governing Documents . If any contradiction occurs between the Plan and any Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company (or any Subsidiary), the Plan will govern, unless such Award Agreement or other written agreement was approved by the Administrator and expressly provides that a specific provision of the Plan will not apply. 

11.11 Governing Law . The Plan and all Awards will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflict of law rules thereof or of any other jurisdiction. 

11.12 Clawback Provisions . All Awards (including the gross amount of any proceeds, gains or other economic benefit the Participant actually or constructively receives upon receipt or exercise of any Award or the receipt or resale of any Shares underlying the Award) will be subject to recoupment by the Company to the extent required to comply with Applicable Law or any policy of the Company providing for the reimbursement of incentive compensation, whether or not such policy was in place at the time of grant of an Award. 

11.13 Titles and Headings . The titles and headings in the Plan are for convenience of reference only and, if any conflict, the Plan s text, rather than such titles or headings, will control. 

11.14 Conformity to Applicable Law . Participant acknowledges that the Plan is intended to conform to the extent necessary with Applicable Law. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan and all Awards will be administered only in a manner intended to conform with Applicable Law. To the extent Applicable Law permit, the Plan and all Award Agreements will be deemed amended as necessary to conform to Applicable Law. 

11.15 Relationship to Other Benefits . No payment under the Plan will be taken into account in determining any benefits under any pension, retirement, savings, profit sharing, group insurance, welfare or other benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary, except as expressly provided in writing in such other plan or an agreement thereunder. 

11.16 Unfunded Status of Awards . The Plan is intended to be an unfunded plan for incentive compensation. With respect to any payments not yet made to a Participant pursuant to an Award, nothing contained in the Plan or Award Agreement shall give the Participant any rights that are greater than those of a general creditor of the Company or any Subsidiary. 

11.17 Limitations Applicable to Section 16 Persons . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Plan and any Award granted or awarded to any individual who is then subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act shall be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including Rule 16b 3 of the Exchange Act and any amendments thereto) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Plan and Awards granted or awarded hereunder shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such applicable exemptive rule. 

11.18 Prohibition on Executive Officer Loans . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, no Participant who is a Director or an executive officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act shall be permitted to make payment with respect to any Awards granted under the Plan, or continue any extension of credit with respect to such payment, with a 

loan from the Company or a loan arranged by the Company in violation of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act. 

11.19 Broker-Assisted Sales . In the event of a broker-assisted sale of Shares in connection with the payment of amounts owed by a Participant under or with respect to the Plan or Awards, including amounts to be paid under the final sentence of Section 10.5: (a) any Shares to be sold through the broker-assisted sale will be sold on the day the payment first becomes due, or as soon thereafter as practicable; (b) such Shares may be sold as part of a block trade with other Participants in the Plan in which all participants receive an average price; (c) the applicable Participant will be responsible for all broker s fees and other costs of sale, and by accepting an Award, each Participant agrees to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any losses, costs, damages, or expenses relating to any such sale; (d) to the extent the Company or its designee receives proceeds of such sale that exceed the amount owed, the Company will pay such excess in cash to the applicable Participant as soon as reasonably practicable; (e) the Company and its designees are under no obligation to arrange for such sale at any particular price; and (f) in the event the proceeds of such sale are insufficient to satisfy the Participant s applicable obligation, the Participant may be required to pay immediately upon demand to the Company or its designee an amount in cash sufficient to satisfy any remaining portion of the Participant s obligation. 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 6
 ear-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Eargo, Inc. 
 The registrant s subsidiaries and affiliates as of December 31, 2022 are included in the list below. 

Legal Name of Subsidiary 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 

Eargo Hearing, Inc. 
 California 

Eargo Screening, LLC 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 7
 ear-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-249548 and 333-254357 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-268859 on Form S-1 of our report dated March 23, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Eargo, Inc. appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 San Jose, California 
 March 23, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 8
 ear-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Christian Gormsen, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Eargo, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 23, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Christian Gormsen 

Christian Gormsen 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 9
 ear-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Adam Laponis, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Eargo, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 23, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Adam Laponis 

Adam Laponis 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 10
 ear-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Eargo, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 23, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Christian Gormsen 

Christian Gormsen 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 11
 ear-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Eargo, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 23, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Adam Laponis 

Adam Laponis 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 ear-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 ear-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 ear-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 ear-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 ear-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

