<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230208_10-K_edgar_data_1467760_0001467760-23-000004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18624475</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>431943</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2441855</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6869734</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4463168</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4122615</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001467760-23-000004.hdr.sgml : 20230208
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230208165028
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001467760-23-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230208
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230208

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001467760
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				270467113
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34452
		FILM NUMBER:		23599777

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, LLC
		STREET 2:		9 WEST 57TH STREET, 43RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 515-3200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, LLC
		STREET 2:		9 WEST 57TH STREET, 43RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001467760-23-000004.txt : 20230208

10-K
 1
 ari-20221231.htm
 10-K

ari-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________________________ 
 FORM 
 __________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 __________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 __________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. 
 c/o Apollo Global Management, Inc. 
 , , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 __________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the 
 effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by 
 the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the closing sales price of our common stock on such date as reported on the New York Stock Exchange 
 As of February 7, 2023, there were shares, 0.01 par value per share, of the registrant s common stock issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 
 Page Part I 
 Item 1. Business . 
 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 8 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 31 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 31 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 31 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 32 
 Part II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 33 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 
 35 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 35 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 49 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 50 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 95 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 96 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 96 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 96 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 96 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 97 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Related Stockholder Matters. 
 97 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 97 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 97 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 97 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 100 
 Signatures 
 100 

3 

FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 In this annual report on Form 10-K, references to "ARI," "Company," "we," "us," or "our" refer to Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. and its subsidiaries; references to the "Manager" refer to ACREFI Management, LLC, an indirect subsidiary of Apollo Global Management, Inc., unless specifically stated otherwise or the context otherwise indicates. 
 We make forward-looking statements herein and will make forward-looking statements in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), press releases or other written or oral communications within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). For these statements, we claim the protections of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in such Sections. Forward-looking statements are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and are generally beyond our control. These forward-looking statements include information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. When we use the words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "plan," "continue," "intend," "should," "may" or similar expressions, it intends to identify forward-looking statements. Statements regarding the following subjects, among others, may be forward-looking: the macro- and micro-economic impact of the coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic; increasing interest rates and inflation; market trends in our industry, real estate values, the debt securities markets or the general economy; the demand for commercial real estate loans; our business and investment strategy; our operating results; actions and initiatives of the U.S. government and governments outside of the United States, changes to government policies and the execution and impact of these actions, initiatives and policies; the state of the economy generally or in specific geographic regions; economic trends and economic recoveries; our ability to obtain and maintain financing arrangements, including secured debt arrangements and securitizations; the timing and amount of expected future fundings of unfunded commitments; the availability of debt financing from traditional lenders; the volume of short-term loan extensions; the demand for new capital to replace maturing loans; expected leverage; general volatility of the securities markets in which we participate; changes in the value of our assets; the scope of our target assets; interest rate mismatches between our target assets and any borrowings used to fund such assets; changes in interest rates and the market value of our target assets; changes in prepayment rates on our target assets; effects of hedging instruments on our target assets; rates of default or decreased recovery rates on our target assets; the degree to which hedging strategies may or may not protect us from interest rate volatility; impact of and changes in governmental regulations, tax law and rates, accounting, legal or regulatory issues or guidance and similar matters; our continued maintenance of our qualification as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") for U.S. federal income tax purposes; our continued exclusion from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"); the availability of opportunities to acquire commercial mortgage-related, real estate-related and other securities; the availability of qualified personnel; estimates relating to our ability to make distributions to our stockholders in the future; our present and potential future competition; and unexpected costs or unexpected liabilities, including those related to litigation. 
 The forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account all information currently available to us. Forward-looking statements are not predictions of future events. These beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to us. See Item 1A. "Risk Factors" and Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this annual report on Form 10-K. These and other risks, uncertainties and factors, including those described in the annual, quarterly and current reports that we file with the SEC, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those included in any forward-looking statements we make. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. New risks and uncertainties arise over time and it is not possible to predict those events or how they may affect us. Except as required by law, we are not obligated to, and do not intend to, update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 SUMMARY RISK FACTORS 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Structure 
 We operate in a competitive market for investment opportunities and future competition may limit our ability to acquire desirable target assets or dispose of our target assets and could also affect the pricing of these securities. 
 We cannot predict the unintended consequences and market distortions that may stem from far-ranging governmental intervention in the economic and financial system or from regulatory reform of the oversight of financial markets. 
 Loss of our exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act would adversely affect us. 

4 

Major public health issues, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and related disruptions in the U.S. and global economy and financial markets could adversely impact or disrupt our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Financing 
 Our access to sources of financing may be limited and thus our ability to potentially enhance our returns may be adversely affected. 
 We may increase the amount of leverage we use in our financing strategy, which would subject us to greater risk of loss. 
 We may enter into hedging transactions that could expose us to contingent liabilities in the future and adversely impact our financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Our Assets 
 We may not achieve our weighted-average all-in yield on our assets, which may lead to future returns that may be significantly lower than anticipated. 
 The lack of liquidity of our assets may adversely affect our business, including our ability to value and sell our assets. 
 The commercial mortgage loans and other commercial real estate-related loans we acquire or originate are subject to delinquency, foreclosure and loss, any or all of which could result in losses to us. 
 Recent macroeconomic trends, including inflation and rising interest rates, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Relationship with the Manager 
 There are various conflicts of interest in our relationship with Apollo which could result in decisions that are not in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 We are dependent on the Manager and its key personnel for our success and upon their access to Apollo s investment professionals and partners. We may not find a suitable replacement for the Manager if the Management Agreement is terminated, or if key personnel leave the employment of the Manager or Apollo or otherwise become unavailable to us. 
 The termination of the Management Agreement may be difficult and costly, which may adversely affect our inclination to end our relationship with the Manager. 
 The Manager manages our portfolio pursuant to very broad investment guidelines and our board of directors does not approve each decision made by the Manager, which may result in us undertaking riskier transactions. 
 Risks Related to Our Taxation as a REIT 
 Qualifying as a REIT involves highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, and our failure to qualify as a REIT or remain qualified as a REIT would subject us to U.S. federal income tax and applicable state and local taxes, which would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may force us to liquidate or forego otherwise attractive investments, to incur debt, or could otherwise adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 All currency figures expressed herein are expressed in thousands, except share or per share amounts. 
 
 GENERAL 
 Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. is a corporation that has elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and primarily originates, acquires, invests in and manages performing commercial first mortgage loans, subordinate financings and other commercial real estate-related debt investments. These asset classes are referred to as our target assets. 

5 

We are externally managed and advised by the Manager, an indirect subsidiary of Apollo Global Management, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, "Apollo"), a global, high-growth alternative asset manager with assets under management of approximately 523.0 billion as of September 30, 2022. The Manager is led by an experienced team of senior real estate professionals who have significant experience in underwriting and structuring commercial real estate financing transactions. We benefit from Apollo s global infrastructure and operating platform, through which we are able to source, evaluate and manage potential investments in our target assets. 
 Our principal business objective is to acquire our target assets in order to provide attractive risk adjusted returns to our stockholders over the long term, primarily through dividends and secondarily through capital appreciation. As of December 31, 2022, we held a diversified portfolio comprised of approxima tely 8.1 billion of commercial mortgage loans and 0.6 billion of subordinate loans and other lending assets. As of December 31, 2022, we had financed this portfolio with 5.3 billion of secured debt arrangements, 230.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.375 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 (the "2023 Notes"), 777.3 million senior sec ured term loans (the "Term Loans"), 500.0 million of 4.625 Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the "2029 Notes") and 164.8 million construction loan related to our real estate owned held for investment. 
 We are a Maryland corpora tion that was organized in 2009 and have elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2009. We generally are not subject to U.S. federal income taxes on our taxable income to the extent that we annually distribute our net taxable income to stockholders and maintain our intended qualification as a REIT. We also operate our business in a manner intended to allow us to remain excluded from registration as an investment company under the 1940 Act. 
 INVESTMENT STRATEGY 
 To identify attractive opportunities within our target assets, we rely on the expertise of the Manager and its affiliates as well as their platform which integrates real estate experience with private equity and capital markets expertise, in transaction sourcing, underwriting, execution, asset operation, management and disposition. In the near-to-medium term, we expect to continue to deploy our capital through the origination and acquisition of performing commercial first mortgage loans, subordinate financings and other commercial real estate-related debt investments at attractive risk-adjusted yields. 
 We target assets that are secured by institutional quality real estate throughout the United States and Europe. Our underwriting includes a focus on stressed in-place cash flows, debt yields, debt service coverage ratios, loan-to-values, property quality and market and sub-market dynamics. The Manager may also capitalize on opportunistic pricing dislocations created by distressed sellers or distressed capital structures where a lender or holder of a loan or security is in a compromised situation due to the relative size of its portfolio, the magnitude of nonperforming loans, or regulatory/rating agency issues driven by potential capital adequacy or concentration issues. In pursuing investments with attractive risk-reward profiles, we incorporate our views, generally or in specific geographic regions as applicable, of the current and future economic environment, our outlook for real estate in general and particular asset classes and our assessment of the risk-reward profile derived from our underwriting and cash flow analysis, including taking into account relative valuation, supply and demand fundamentals, the level of interest rates, the shape of the yield curve, prepayment rates, financing and liquidity, real estate prices, delinquencies, default rates, recovery of various sectors and vintage of collateral. In general, we pursue a value-driven approach to underwriting and diligence, consistent with the historical investment strategy of the Manager and its affiliates. Each prospective investment receives a rigorous, credit-oriented evaluation towards determining the risk/return profile of the opportunity and the appropriate pricing and structure for the prospective investment. On our behalf, the Manager has implemented underwriting standards founded on fundamental market and credit analyses with a focus on current and sustainable cash flows. These underwriting standards place a particular emphasis on due diligence of the sponsor and borrower. Apollo has implemented comprehensive anti-money laundering policies and procedures, including know-your-customer and beneficial owner controls. In addition, we recognize the importance of environmental, social, and governance ("ESG") issues and incorporate ESG considerations into the investment analysis and decision-making process, including conducting and completing environmental risk assessment for all of the properties underlying our loans. We also utilize forward currency contracts to economically hedge interest and principal payments due under our loans denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars ("USD"). 
 All investment decisions are made with a view to maintaining our qualification as a REIT and our exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act. 
 FINANCING STRATEGY 
 We use borrowings as part of our financing strategy, in addition to raising capital through public offerings of our equity and debt securities. We believe the amount of leverage we use is consistent with our intention of keeping total borrowings within a prudent range, as determined by the Manager, taking into account a variety of factors, which may include the anticipated liquidity and price volatility of target assets in our investment portfolio, the potential for losses and extension risk in our investment portfolio, the gap between the duration of assets and liabilities, including hedges, the availability and cost of 

6 

financing the assets, the creditworthiness of our financing counterparties, the health of the global economy and commercial and residential mortgage markets, the outlook for the level, slope, and volatility of interest rate movement, the credit quality of our target assets and the type of collateral underlying such target assets. In utilizing leverage, we seek to enhance equity returns while limiting interest rate exposure. In order to achieve our return on equity, we generally finance our mortgage loans with 2.0 to 3.0 turns of leverage and generally do not finance our subordinate loans and other lending assets given built-in inherent structural leverage. We obtain financing through a variety of sources including secured credit facilities, private securitizations and corporate-level debt. As of December 31, 2022, we had 3.5 billion of borrowings outstanding under our secured debt arrangements with eight secured credit facilities and 1.9 billion of borrowings outstanding under our private securitization with Barclays Bank, plc (the "Barclays Private Securitization"). During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into two new credit facilities, which provided 252.1 million of additional liquidity, and upsized three of our existing credit facilities by 1.1 billion. Further, we obtained construction financing in the amount of 164.8 million (with a total capacity of 388 million) from a major money center bank who is a new counterparty for us. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we had 1.5 billion of corporate level debt including Term Loans, Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the "2029 Notes") and Convertible Notes due 2023 ("2023 Notes") . In the future, we may increase or decrease our borrowing levels and also seek to raise further equity or debt capital in order to achieve our investment strategy. 
 From time to time, we utilize derivative financial instruments to hedge the interest rate risk associated with our borrowings. Under the U.S. federal income tax laws applicable to REITs, we generally are able to enter into certain transactions to hedge indebtedness we incur to acquire or carry real estate assets, although the total gross income from interest rate hedges that does not meet this requirement and other non-qualifying sources generally must not exceed 5 of our gross income. 
 We also may engage in a variety of interest rate management techniques that seek to mitigate changes in interest rates or other potential influences on the values of our assets. The U.S. federal income tax rules applicable to REITs may require us to implement certain of these techniques through a domestic taxable REIT subsidiary ("TRS") that is fully subject to U.S. federal corporate income taxation. 
 We may attempt to reduce interest rate risk and to minimize exposure to interest rate fluctuations through the use of match funded financing structures, when appropriate, whereby we may seek (1) to match the maturities of our debt obligations with the maturities of our assets, and (2) to match the interest rates on our assets with like-kind debt (i.e., we may finance floating rate assets with floating rate debt and fixed-rate assets with fixed-rate debt), directly or through the use of interest rate swap agreements or other financial instruments, or through a combination of these strategies. We expect these instruments will allow us to minimize, but not eliminate, the risk that we may have to refinance our liabilities before the maturities of our assets and to reduce the impact of changing interest rates on our earnings. 
 See Item 7. "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for a discussion of our borrowings and hedging as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 We strive to maintain an ethical workplace in which the highest standards of professional conduct are practiced. 
 Our board of directors is composed of a majority of independent directors. The Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our board of directors are composed exclusively of independent directors. 
 In order to foster the highest standards of ethics and conduct in all business relationships, we have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Corporate Governance Guidelines, which cover a wide range of business practices and procedures that apply to all of our directors and officers. In addition, we have implemented Whistle Blowing Procedures for Accounting and Auditing Matters (the "Whistleblower Policy") that set forth procedures by which Covered Persons (as defined in the Whistleblower Policy) may raise, on a confidential basis, concerns regarding, among other things, any questionable or unethical accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters with the Audit Committee. Third parties, such as our clients, stockholders or competitors may also report a good faith complaint regarding such matters. 
 We have an insider trading policy that prohibits any of our directors or employees, partners, directors and officers of Apollo, as well as others, from buying or selling our securities on the basis of material nonpublic information. 
 COMPETITION 
 Our net income depends, in part, on management s ability to acquire assets that generate favorable spreads over their borrowing costs. In acquiring target assets, we compete with other REITs, private funds, specialty finance companies, savings and loan associations, banks, mortgage bankers, insurance companies, mutual funds, institutional investors, investment banking 

7 

firms, financial institutions, governmental bodies and other entities. In addition, there are other REITs with similar asset acquisition objectives and others that may be organized in the future. These other REITs will increase competition for the available supply of mortgage assets suitable for purchase and origination. These competitors may be significantly larger than us, have access to greater capital and other resources or may have other advantages. In addition, some competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Current market conditions may attract more competitors, which may increase the competition for sources of investment and financing. An increase in the competition for sources of funding could adversely affect the availability and cost of financing, and thereby adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 EMPLOYEES; STAFFING; HUMAN CAPITAL 
 We have no employees and are managed by the Manager pursuant to the management agreement between the Manager and us, dated as of September 23, 2009 (the "Management Agreement"). All of our officers are employees of the Manager or its affiliates. 
 The Manager is led by an experienced team of senior real estate professionals who have significant experience in underwriting and structuring commercial real estate financing transactions. We benefit from Apollo s global infrastructure and operating platform, through which we are able to source, evaluate and manage potential investments in our target assets. Apollo has advised us that investing in and fostering a high-performing, diverse and inclusive workforce is a key pillar of operating its business. You can learn more about Apollo's commitment to its employees on its website at www.apollo.com under "Our Impact Operating With Impact." The information contained on, or accessible from, Apollo's website does not form a part of and is not incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 We maintain a website at www.apollocref.com and make available, items including: (a) the annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K (including any amendments thereto), proxy statements and other information filed with, or furnished to, the SEC, as soon as reasonably practicable after such documents are so filed or furnished, (b) Corporate Governance Guidelines, (c) Director Independence Standards, (d) Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and (e) written charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the board of directors. The information on our website does not form a part of and is not incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K. Our documents filed with, or furnished to, the SEC are also available for review at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. We provide copies of our Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, free of charge, to stockholders who request it. Requests should be directed to Investor Relations at Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc., c/o Apollo Global Management, Inc., 9 West 57th Street, 42nd Floor, New York, New York 10019. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our business and operations are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, the occurrence of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to make distributions to stockholders and could cause the value of our capital stock to decline. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND STRUCTURE 
 We operate in a competitive market for investment opportunities and future competition may limit our ability to acquire desirable target assets or dispose of our target assets and could also affect the pricing of these securities. 
 A number of entities compete with us to make the types of investments that we target. We compete with other REITs, specialty finance companies, savings and loan associations, banks, mortgage bankers, insurance companies, mutual funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms, financial institutions, governmental bodies and other entities. In addition, other REITs with similar asset acquisition objectives, including others that may be organized in the future, compete with us in acquiring assets and obtaining financing. These competitors may be significantly larger than us, may have access to greater capital and other resources or may have other advantages. Some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that may not be available to us. Many of our competitors are not subject to the operating constraints associated with REIT qualification or maintenance of our exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act. Furthermore, competition for investments in our target assets may lead to the price of such assets increasing, which may further limit our ability to generate desired returns. We cannot assure that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Also, as a result of this competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive opportunities from time to time, and we can offer no assurance that we will be able to identify and acquire assets that are consistent with our objectives. 

8 

Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents may adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, a misappropriation of funds, and/or damage to our business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our financial results. 
 A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information resources. These incidents may be an intentional attack or an unintentional event and could involve gaining unauthorized access to our information systems for purposes of misappropriating assets, stealing confidential information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusions, including by computer hackers, nation-state affiliated actors, and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased, and will likely continue to increase in the future. The result of these incidents could include disrupted operations, misstated or unreliable financial data, disrupted market price of our common stock, misappropriation of assets, liability for stolen assets or information, increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs, regulatory enforcement, litigation and damage to our investor relationships. These risks require continuous and likely increasing attention and other resources from us, Apollo and third-party service providers to, among other actions, identify and quantify these risks, upgrade and expand our technologies, systems and processes to adequately address them and provide periodic training for the Manager's employees to assist them in detecting phishing, malware and other schemes. Such attention diverts time and other resources from other activities and there is no assurance that such efforts will be effective. Additionally, the cost of maintaining such systems and processes, procedures and internal controls may increase from its current level. 
 In the normal course of business, we and our third-party service providers collect and retain certain personal information provided by borrowers, employees and vendors. We also rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions and manage our business. We can provide no assurance that the data security measures designed to protect confidential information on our systems established by us and our service providers will be able to prevent unauthorized access to this personal information. Even the most well protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted security breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. Accordingly, we and our service providers may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is impossible for us and our service providers to entirely mitigate this risk. 
 Our business depends on the communications and information systems of Apollo and other third-party service providers. Such systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of cyber incidents. Any failure or interruption of the systems of Apollo or any other counterparties that we rely on could cause delays or other problems and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. None of we, the Manager or Apollo has experienced any material breach of cybersecurity. However, we can provide no assurance that the networks and systems that we, the Manager, Apollo or our third-party service providers have established or use will be effective. As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our communications and information systems, both internal and those provided by the Manager, Apollo and third-party service providers. Apollo's processes, procedures and internal controls that are designed to mitigate cybersecurity risks and cyber intrusions do not guarantee that a cyber incident will not occur or that our financial results, operations or confidential information will not be negatively impacted by such an incident. 
 Even if we are not targeted directly, cyberattacks on the U.S. and foreign governments, financial markets, financial institutions, or other businesses, including borrowers, vendors, software creators, cybersecurity service providers, and other third parties with whom we do business, may occur, and such events could disrupt our normal business operations and networks in the future. 
 We cannot assure our stockholders of our ability to pay dividends in the future. 
 We are generally required to annually distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gain, for us to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Internal Revenue Code"). We currently intend to make quarterly distributions of all or substantially all of our REIT taxable income in each year. Dividends will be declared and paid at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our REIT taxable earnings, our financial condition, maintenance of our REIT qualification and such other factors as the board may deem relevant from time to time. Our ability to pay dividends may be negatively impacted by adverse changes in our operating results. 
 We cannot predict the unintended consequences and market distortions that may stem from far-ranging governmental intervention in the economic and financial system or from regulatory reform of the oversight of financial markets. 
 The laws and regulations governing our operations, as well as their interpretation, may change from time to time, and new laws and regulations may be enacted. Accordingly, any change in these laws or regulations, changes in their interpretation, or newly enacted laws or regulations and any failure by us to comply with these laws or regulations, could require changes to 

9 

certain of our business practices, negatively impact our operations, cash flow or financial condition, impose additional costs on us or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 The U.S. government, the U.S. Federal Reserve, the U.S. Treasury, the SEC and other governmental and regulatory bodies have taken or are taking various actions involving intervention in the economic and financial system and regulatory reform of the oversight of financial markets. In 2010, former President Obama signed into law the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act"), which has changed the regulation of financial institutions and the financial services industry, including the mortgage industry. The current regulatory environment may be impacted by recent and potential future legislative developments, such as amendments to key provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. The Biden Administration is likely to take a more active approach to banking and financial regulation than the prior Trump Administration, particularly to promote policy goals involving climate change, racial equity, ESG matters, consumer financial protection and infrastructure, which could affect our business and operations if enacted. However, with a Republican majority in the U.S. House of Representatives, we cannot predict whether the Biden Administration will be able to enact any significant legislative measures in these areas. 
 In addition, the substance of regulatory supervision may be influenced through the appointment of individuals to the U.S. Federal Reserve Board and other financial regulatory bodies. With the support of a Democratic majority in the Senate, President Biden may be more likely to be able to have his nominees to such bodies confirmed and, accordingly, carry out the Administration's regulatory agenda. 
 We cannot predict the ultimate content, timing, or effect of legislative and regulatory actions under the Biden Administration, nor is it possible at this time to estimate the impact of any such actions which could have a dramatic impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The Manager may be unable to operate us within the parameters that allow the Manager to be exempt from regulation as a commodity pool operator, which would subject us to additional regulation and compliance requirements, and could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 The enforceability of agreements underlying certain derivative transactions may depend on compliance with applicable statutory and other regulatory requirements and, depending on the identity of the counterparty, applicable international statutory and regulatory requirements. Regulations have been promulgated by U.S. and foreign regulators attempting to strengthen oversight of derivative contracts. The Dodd-Frank Act established a comprehensive regulatory framework for swaps and security-based swaps, including mandatory clearing, execution and reporting requirements, which may result in increased margin requirements and costs. In addition, any investment fund that trades in swaps may be considered a "commodity pool," which would cause its operator to be regulated as a "commodity pool operator" (a "CPO"). In December 2012, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC"), issued a no-action letter giving relief to operators of mortgage REITs from any applicable CPO registration requirement. In order for the Manager to qualify for the no-action relief, we must, among other non-operation requirements: (1) limit our initial margin and premiums for commodity interests (swaps and exchange-traded derivatives subject to the jurisdiction of the CFTC) to no more than 5 of the fair market value of our total assets; and (2) limit our net income from commodity interests that are not "qualifying hedging transactions" to less than 5 of its gross income. The need to operate within these parameters could limit the use of swaps and other commodity interests by us below the level that the Manager would otherwise consider optimal or may lead to the registration of the Manager or our directors as commodity pool operators, which will subject us to additional regulatory oversight, compliance and costs. 
 The United Kingdom's exit from the European Union could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The United Kingdom left the European Union on January 31, 2020, an event commonly referred to as "Brexit." The United Kingdom and the European Union have entered into a trade and cooperation agreement governing certain aspects of their relationship. The agreement addresses trade, economic arrangements, law enforcement, judicial cooperation and a governance framework including procedures for dispute resolution, among other things. However, significant political and economic uncertainty remains about how the precise terms of the relationship between the parties will differ from the terms before Brexit. These developments have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and financial markets, and could significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets. Since we and our borrowers rely on access to the financial markets in order to refinance our debt liabilities and gain access to new financing, ongoing political uncertainty and any worsening of the economic environment may reduce our and our borrowers' ability to refinance existing and future liabilities or gain access to new financing, in each case on favorable terms or at all. For these reasons, Brexit could have adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As of December 31, 2022, we had 2.5 billion, or 28.4 , of our portfolio (by carrying value) invested in the United Kingdom. 
 Major public health issues, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and related disruptions in the U.S. and global economy and financial markets could adversely impact or disrupt our financial condition and results of operations. 

10 

In recent years, the outbreaks of a number of diseases, including avian influenza, H1N1, and other viruses have increased the risk of a pandemic or major public health issues. Since December 2019, COVID-19 and its variants have spread globally, including in the United States, and have continued to adversely impact global economic activity and contribute significant volatility in financial markets. 
 We believe that our, Apollo's and the Manager's ability to operate, our level of business activity and the profitability of our business, as well as the values of, and the cash flows from, the assets we own, have been, and may continue to be impacted by the effects of COVID-19 and could in the future be impacted by another pandemic or other major public health issues. While we have implemented risk management and contingency plans and taken preventive measures and other precautions, no predictions of specific scenarios can be made with certainty and such measures may not adequately predict the impact on our business from such events. 
 The effects of COVID-19 or another pandemic could adversely impact the value of our assets, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and our ability to operate successfully due to, among other factors: 
 difficulty accessing debt and equity capital on attractive terms, or at all, and a severe disruption and instability in the financial markets or deteriorations in credit and financing conditions may affect our ability and our borrowers ability to make regular payments of principal and interest (whether due to an inability to make such payments, an unwillingness to make such payments, or a waiver of the requirement to make such payments on a timely basis or at all); 
 fundamentally changing the manner and frequency in which commercial real estate is used; 
 the extent the value of commercial real estate declines, which would also likely negatively impact the value of the loans we own, which could lead to additional margin calls; 
 our ability to continue to satisfy any additional margin calls from our lenders and to the extent we are unable to satisfy any such margin calls, any acceleration of our indebtedness, increase in the interest rate on advanced funds, termination of our ability to borrow funds from them, or foreclosure by our lenders on our assets; 
 our ability to remain in compliance with the financial covenants in our financing agreements with our lenders in the event of impairments in the value of the loans we own; 
 disruptions to the efficient function of our operations because of, among other factors, any inability to access short-term or long-term financing for the mortgage loans and other real estate-related loans we make; 
 our need to sell assets, including at a loss; 
 to the extent we elect or are forced to reduce our loan origination activities; 
 inability of borrowers under our construction loans to continue or complete construction as planned for their operations, which may affect their ability to complete construction and collect rent and, consequently, their ability to pay principal or interest on our construction loans; 
 inability by loan servicers to operate in affected areas or at all, including due to the bankruptcy of one or more servicers, or the inability of the Manager to effectively oversee servicers in certain of their activities or perform certain loan administration functions; 
 inability of other third-party vendors we rely on to conduct our business to operate effectively and continue to support our business and operations, including vendors that provide IT services, legal and accounting services, or other operational support services; 
 decreases in observable market activity or unavailability of information, resulting in restricted access to key inputs used to derive certain estimates and assumptions made in connection with financial reporting or otherwise, including valuing the loans we own, including estimated impairments, and estimates and changes in long term macro-economic assumptions relating to accounting for current expected credit loss ("CECL") allowances; 
 effects of legal and regulatory responses to concerns about the COVID-19 pandemic or another pandemic and related public health issues, which could result in additional regulation or restrictions affecting the conduct of our business; and 
 our ability to ensure operational continuity in the event our business continuity plan is not effective or 

11 

ineffectually implemented or deployed during a disruption. 
 The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and any other pandemic on us will depend on many factors, including the duration and scope of the public health emergency, the actions taken by governmental authorities to contain COVID-19 and other future pandemics and their financial and economic impact, the implementation of travel advisories and restrictions, the efficacy and availability of vaccines, disparities in vaccination rates and vaccine hesitancy, the rise of new variants and the severity of such variants the impact of the public health emergency on overall supply and demand, goods and services, consumer confidence and levels of economic activity and the extent of its disruption to global, regional, and local supply chains and economic markets, all of which are uncertain and difficult to assess. Moreover, many risk factors set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K should be interpreted as heightened risks as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or another pandemic. 
 Climate change and regulatory and other efforts to reduce potential climate change impacts and the increased focus on ESG issues could adversely affect our business. 
 We face a number of risks associated with climate change including both transition and physical risks. The transition risks that could impact our company include those risks related to the impact of U.S. and foreign climate- and ESG-related legislation and regulation intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and potential climate change impacts, as well as risks arising from climate-and-ESG-related business trends. Moreover, we are subject to risks stemming from the physical impacts of climate change. 
 New climate change-related regulations or interpretations of existing laws may result in enhanced disclosure obligations that could negatively affect us and materially increase our regulatory burden. Increased regulations generally increase the costs to us, and those higher costs may continue to increase if new laws require additional resources, including spending more time, hiring additional personnel or investing in new technologies. 
 We also face climate-and ESG-related business trends. Investors are increasingly taking into account ESG factors, including climate risks, diversity, equity and inclusion policies, and corporate governance in determining whether to invest in companies. Additionally, our reputation and investor relationships could be damaged as a result of our involvement with certain industries or assets associated with activities perceived to be causing or exacerbating climate change, or other ESG-related issues, as well as any decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to considerations relating to climate change or other ESG-related issues. Conversely, if we avoid involvement with such industries or activities, we may limit our capital deployment opportunities to an extent that adversely affects our business. 
 Further, significant physical effects of climate change including extreme weather events such as hurricanes or floods can also have an adverse impact on real estate assets that secure our loans or that we own. Additionally, both transition and physical risks associated with climate change could result in increased operating costs for our borrowers and could adversely impact our borrowers' ability to make regular payments of principal and interests. As the effects of climate change increase, we expect the frequency and impact of weather and climate related events and conditions to increase as well. For example, nonseasonal or violent weather events can have a material impact to businesses or properties that focus on tourism or recreational travel. See also " Risks Related to Our Assets Our real estate assets are subject to risks particular to real property. These risks may have resulted and may continue to result in a reduction or elimination of return from a loan secured by a particular property." 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit changes in control. 
 Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law ("MGCL") may have the effect of deterring a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or of impeding a change in control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our common stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of our common stock including: 
 "business combination" provisions of the MGCL that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between us and an "interested stockholder" (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of our then outstanding voting stock or an affiliate or associate of ours who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of our then outstanding voting stock) or an affiliate thereof for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder and, thereafter, impose fair price and/or supermajority stockholder voting requirements on these combinations; 
 "control share" provisions of the MGCL that provide that a holder of "control shares" of a Maryland corporation (defined as shares which, when aggregated with all other shares controlled by the stockholder (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), entitle the stockholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a "control share acquisition" (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of issued and outstanding "control shares") has no voting rights with respect to such shares 

12 

except to the extent approved by our stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding votes entitled to be cast by the acquirer of control shares, our officers and personnel who are also directors; and 
 "unsolicited takeover" provisions of the MGCL that permit our board of directors, without stockholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in our charter or bylaws, to implement takeover defenses, some of which (for example, a classified board) we do not yet have. 
 As permitted by the MGCL, our board of directors has by resolution exempted from the business combination provision of the MGCL business combinations (1) between us and any other person, provided that such business combination is first approved by our board of directors (including a majority of our directors who are not affiliates or associates of such person) and (2) between us and Apollo and its affiliates and associates and persons acting in concert with any of the foregoing. Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of shares of our stock. There can be no assurance that these exemptions will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 Loss of our exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act would adversely affect us. 
 We conduct our operations so as not to become regulated as an investment company under the 1940 Act. Because we are a holding company that conducts our businesses primarily through wholly-owned subsidiaries, the securities issued by these subsidiaries that are exempted or otherwise excluded from the definition of "investment company" under Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act, together with any other "investment securities" (as defined for purposes of the 1940 Act) we own, may not have a combined value in excess of 40 of the value of our total assets on an unconsolidated basis, which we refer to as the 40 test. This requirement limits the types of businesses in which we may engage through our subsidiaries. 
 Certain of our subsidiaries qualify to be excluded from registration as investment companies under the 1940 Act pursuant to Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act, which is available for an entity "not engaged in the business of issuing redeemable securities, face-amount certificates of the installment type or periodic payment plan certificates, and who is primarily engaged in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate." This exclusion generally requires that at least 55 of the assets of an entity relying on this exclusion be comprised of what the SEC staff through a series of no-action letters has characterized as "qualifying assets" and at least another 25 of the assets of such entity be comprised of either qualifying assets or what the SEC staff in such guidance has characterized as "real estate-related assets" under the 1940 Act (and no more than 20 comprised of miscellaneous assets). We expect any of our subsidiaries relying on Section 3(c)(5)(C) to rely on guidance published by the SEC staff to determine which assets are qualifying assets and which assets are real estate related under this exclusion to the extent such guidance is available. The SEC staff has determined in various no-action letters that qualifying assets for this purpose include senior, first ranking mortgage loans, certain B Notes and mezzanine loans that satisfy various conditions specified in such SEC staff no-action letters. Neither the SEC nor its staff has, however, published guidance in respect of Section 3(c)(5)(C) regarding some of our other target assets. For assets for which the SEC and its staff has not published guidance, we intend to rely on our own analysis to determine which of such assets are qualifying assets and which of such assets are real estate related under the Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion. For example, in the absence of additional guidance from the SEC staff, we intend to treat as real estate related assets B Notes and mezzanine loans that do not satisfy the qualifying asset conditions set forth in the relevant SEC staff no-action letters, as well as debt and equity securities of companies primarily engaged in real estate businesses. To the extent that the SEC staff publishes new or different guidance with respect to these matters, we may be required to adjust our strategy accordingly. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make certain investments and these limitations could result in the subsidiary holding assets we might wish to sell or selling assets we might wish to hold. Although we monitor the portfolios of our subsidiaries relying on the Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion periodically and prior to each acquisition, there can be no assurance that such subsidiaries will be able to maintain their respective satisfaction of the requirements of this exclusion. Any additional guidance from the SEC staff could provide additional flexibility to us, or it could further inhibit our ability to pursue the strategies we have chosen. 
 We may organize subsidiaries in the future that may seek to rely on the 1940 Act exclusion provided to certain structured financing vehicles under Rule 3a-7. To comply with Rule 3a-7, any such subsidiary will need to comply with the restrictions described below, as well as any future guidance that may be issued by the SEC or its staff. 
 In general, Rule 3a-7 excludes from the 1940 Act issuers that limit their activities as follows: 
 the issuer issues securities, the payment of which depends primarily on the cash flow from "eligible assets," which are assets that by their terms convert into cash within a finite time period; 
 the securities sold are fixed-income securities rated investment grade by at least one rating agency except that fixed- income securities which are unrated or rated below investment grade may be sold to institutional accredited investors and any securities may be sold to "qualified institutional buyers" and to persons involved in the organization 

13 

or operation of the issuer; 
 the issuer acquires and disposes of eligible assets (1) only in accordance with the agreements pursuant to which the securities are issued and (2) so that the acquisition or disposition does not result in a downgrading of the issuer s fixed-income securities and (3) the primary purpose of which is not recognizing gains or decreasing losses resulting from market value changes; and 
 unless the issuer is issuing only commercial paper, the issuer appoints an independent trustee, takes reasonable steps to transfer to the trustee an ownership or perfected security interest in the eligible assets, and meets rating agency requirements for commingling of cash flows. 
 In addition, in certain circumstances, compliance with Rule 3a-7 may also require, among other things, that the indenture governing the Rule 3a-7 reliant subsidiary include additional limitations on the types of assets such subsidiary may sell or acquire out of the proceeds of assets that mature, are refinanced or otherwise sold, on the period of time during which such transactions may occur, and on the level of transactions that may occur. In light of the requirements of Rule 3a-7, there is no assurance that our future subsidiaries will be able to rely on this rule and our ability to manage assets held in subsidiaries that rely on this rule will be limited and may restrict our ability to purchase or sell assets owned by that subsidiary when we would otherwise desire to do so, which could lead to losses. 
 In the absence of further SEC or SEC staff guidance, the aggregate value of our interests in our subsidiaries that rely on Rule 3a-7 must amount to less than 20 of our total assets on an unconsolidated basis. 
 Any amendments to Rule 3a-7 could provide additional flexibility or could inhibit the ability of our subsidiaries to rely on this rule or to pursue certain strategies we have identified for such subsidiaries. 
 Our subsidiaries may rely on alternative exclusions or exemptions from registration as investment companies under the 1940 Act other than Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) for purposes of complying with the 40 test. These alternative exclusions or exemptions may impose limitations on a subsidiary s organizational form, the types of assets that such subsidiary may hold or require such subsidiary to qualify under a banking, insurance or other regulatory regime. There is no assurance that our subsidiaries will be able to rely on any alternative exclusions or exemptions and our ability to manage assets held in subsidiaries that rely on these alternative exclusions or exemptions will be limited. 
 The determination of whether an entity is our majority-owned subsidiary is made by us. The 1940 Act defines a majority-owned subsidiary of a person as a company with 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of which are owned by such person, or by another company which is a majority-owned subsidiary of such person. The 1940 Act further defines voting securities as any security presently entitling the owner or holder thereof to vote for the election of directors of a company. We treat entities in which we own at least a majority of the outstanding voting securities as majority-owned subsidiaries for purposes of the 40 test. We have not requested the SEC or its staff to approve our treatment of any entity as a majority-owned subsidiary and the SEC has not done so. If the SEC or its staff were to disagree with our treatment of one of more entities as majority-owned subsidiaries, we would need to adjust our strategy and our assets in order to continue to pass the 40 test. Any such adjustment in our strategy could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We have organized special purpose subsidiaries that rely on Section 3(c)(7) to avoid registration as investment companies under the 1940 Act to hold certain assets and, therefore, our interest in each of these Section 3(c)(7)-reliant subsidiaries constitutes an "investment security" for purposes of determining whether we pass the 40 test. 
 Qualification for particular exclusions or exemptions from registration under 1940 Act as described herein may limit our or our subsidiaries' ability to make certain investments. 
 If we failed to maintain our excluded status under the 1940 Act and became regulated as an investment company, our ability to, among other things, use leverage would be substantially reduced and, as a result, we would be unable to conduct our business as described in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 If our subsidiaries fail to maintain an exclusion or exemption from registration pursuant to the 1940 Act, we could, among other things, be required either to (a) change the manner in which we conduct our operations to avoid being required to register as an investment company, (b) effect sales of our assets in a manner that, or at a time when, we would not otherwise choose to do so, or (c) register as an investment company, any of which could negatively affect the value of our common stock, the sustainability of our business model, and our ability to make distributions which could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price for shares of our common stock. 
 Securities eligible for future sale may have adverse effects on the market price of our common stock. 

14 

Subject to applicable law, our board of directors has the authority, without further stockholder approval, to issue additional authorized shares of common stock and securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock on the terms and for the consideration it deems appropriate. Additional securities offerings or issuance of additional common stock in connection with the conversion of convertible or exchangeable securities may dilute the holdings of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our common stock, or both. Sales or other issuances of substantial amounts of our common stock or the perception that such sales or issuances could occur, may adversely affect the prevailing market price the common stock. 
 Our authorized but unissued shares of common and preferred stock may prevent a change in control. 
 Our charter authorizes us to issue additional authorized but unissued shares of common or preferred stock. In addition, our board of directors may, without stockholder approval, amend our charter to increase the aggregate number of our shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have the authority to issue and classify or reclassify any unissued shares of common or preferred stock and set the terms of the classified or reclassified shares. As a result, our board of directors may establish a series of shares of common or preferred stock that could delay or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for shares of our common stock or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 Certain provisions in the indentures governing the 2023 Notes and the 2029 Notes could delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover or takeover attempt of us. 
 Certain provisions in the 2023 Notes and the 2029 Notes and the indentures governing the 2023 Notes and the 2029 Notes could make it more difficult or more expensive for a third party to acquire us. For example, if a takeover would constitute a fundamental change, holders of the 2023 Notes and the 2029 Notes will have the right to require us to repurchase their notes in cash. In addition, if a takeover constitutes a make-whole fundamental change, we may be required to increase the conversion rate for holders who convert their notes in connection with such takeover. In either case, and in other cases, our obligations under the 2023 Notes and the 2029 Notes and the indentures could increase the cost of acquiring us or otherwise discourage a third party from acquiring us or removing incumbent management. 
 Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited, which could limit stockholders' recourse in the event of actions not in stockholders' best interests. 
 Our charter limits the liability of our present and former directors and officers to us and our stockholders for money damages to the maximum extent permitted under Maryland law. 
 Our charter authorizes us, and our bylaws and indemnification agreements entered into with each of our directors and executive officers require us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, to indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of their ultimate entitlement to indemnification, to pay or reimburse defense costs and other expenses of each of our directors and officers in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of his or her service to us. 
 As a result, we and our stockholders have rights against our directors and officers that are more limited than might otherwise exist and, in the event that actions taken by any of our directors or officers impede the performance of our company, your and our ability to recover damages from such director or officer will be limited. 
 Our charter contains provisions that make removal of our directors difficult, which could make it difficult for stockholders to effect changes to our management. 
 Our charter provides that, subject to the rights of any series of preferred stock, a director may be removed with or without cause upon the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. Vacancies may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if less than a quorum. These requirements make it more difficult to change our management by removing and replacing directors and may prevent a change in control of us that is in the best interests of stockholders. 
 Ownership limitations may restrict change of control or business combination opportunities in which our stockholders might receive a premium for their shares. 
 In order for us to qualify as a REIT, no more than 50 in value of our outstanding capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals during the last half of any calendar year, and at least 100 persons must beneficially own our stock during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months, or during a proportionate portion of a shorter taxable year. "Individuals" for this purpose include natural persons, private foundations, some employee benefit plans and trusts, and some charitable trusts. To preserve our REIT qualification, among other purposes, our charter generally prohibits any person from directly or indirectly owning more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding 

15 

shares of our capital stock or more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of our common stock. The Articles Supplementary for our preferred stock prohibits any stockholder from beneficially or constructively owning more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding preferred stock. The indentures governing the 2023 Notes prohibit a holder from receiving shares of our stock upon conversion of the 2023 Notes if such receipt would violate the ownership limitations contained in our charter. These ownership limits in our charter could have the effect of discouraging a takeover or other transaction in which holders of our common stock might receive a premium for their shares over the then prevailing market price or which holders might believe to be otherwise in their best interests. Our board of directors has established exemptions from the ownership limits in our charter which permit Apollo and certain of our affiliates to collectively hold up to 25 of our common stock, and certain institutional investors to hold more than 9.8 of our common stock. 
 Future litigation or administrative proceedings could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may from time to time be involved in legal proceedings, administrative proceedings, claims and other litigation. In addition, we have agreed to indemnify the Manager and certain of its affiliates against certain liabilities pursuant to the Management Agreement. Adverse outcomes or developments relating to such proceedings, as well as expenses of defending or pursuing claims, or any other costs that may be incurred in connection with such proceedings, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR FINANCING 
 Our access to sources of financing may be limited and thus our ability to potentially enhance our returns may be adversely affected. 
 Our access to sources of financing depends upon a number of factors over which it has little or no control, including: 
 general market conditions; 
 the market s view of the quality of our assets; 
 the market s perception of our growth potential; 
 our eligibility to participate in and access capital from programs established by the U.S. government; 
 our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions; and 
 the market price of the shares of our common stock. 
 Weakness in the capital and credit markets could adversely affect one or more lenders and could cause one or more lenders to be unwilling or unable to provide us with financing or to increase the costs of that financing. In addition, if regulatory capital requirements imposed on our lenders change, they may be required to limit, or increase the cost of, financing they provide to us. In general, this could potentially increase our financing costs and reduce our liquidity or require us to sell assets at an inopportune time or price. 
 Consequently, depending on market conditions at the relevant time, we may have to rely more heavily on additional equity issuances, which may be dilutive to our stockholders, or on less efficient forms of debt financing that require a larger portion of our cash flow from operations, thereby reducing funds available for our operations, future business opportunities, cash distributions to stockholders and other purposes. 
 We leverage certain of our target assets, which may adversely affect our return on our assets and may reduce cash available for distribution. 
 We leverage certain of our target assets through secured debt arrangements. Leverage can enhance our potential returns but can also exacerbate losses. The return on our assets and cash available for distribution to stockholders may be reduced if market conditions cause the cost of our financing to increase relative to the income that can be derived from the assets acquired, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock. In addition, our debt service payments will reduce cash flow available for distributions to stockholders. As a borrower, we are also subject to the risk that we may not be able to meet our debt service obligations. To the extent that we cannot meet our debt service obligations, we risk the loss of some or all of our assets to foreclosure or sale to satisfy our debt obligations. 
 We may increase the amount of leverage we use in our financing strategy, which would subject us to greater risk of loss. 

16 

Our charter and bylaws do not limit the amount of indebtedness we can incur; although we are limited by certain financial covenants under our secured debt arrangements and the 2029 Notes. 
 We may increase the amount of leverage we utilize at any time without approval of our stockholders. Incurring substantial debt could subject us to many risks that, if realized, would materially and adversely affect us, including the risk that: 
 our cash flow from operations may be insufficient to make required payments of principal of and interest on the debt or we may fail to comply with all of the other covenants contained in the debt documents, which is likely to result in (i) acceleration of such debt (and any other debt containing a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision) that we may be unable to repay from internal funds or to refinance on favorable terms, or at all, (ii) our inability to borrow unused amounts under our financing arrangements, even if we are current in payments on borrowings under those arrangements and/or (iii) the loss of some or all of our assets to foreclosure or sale; 
 our debt may increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions with no assurance that investment yields will increase with higher financing costs; 
 we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for operations, future business opportunities, stockholder distributions or other purposes; and 
 we may not be able to refinance debt that matures prior to the investment it was used to finance on favorable terms, or at all. 
 Credit facilities and secured debt arrangements that we may use to finance our assets may require us to provide additional collateral or pay down debt. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had secured debt arrangements in place, with an aggregate borrowing capacity of approximately 6.2 billion. We may utilize credit facilities and additional secured debt arrangements to finance our assets if they become available on acceptable terms. In the event we utilize such financing arrangements, they may involve the risk that the market value of our assets pledged or sold by us to the secured debt arrangements counterparty or provider of the credit facility may decline in value, in which case the lender may require us to provide additional collateral or to repay all or a portion of the funds advanced. We may not have the funds available to repay its debt at that time, which would likely result in defaults unless we are able to raise the funds from alternative sources, which we may not be able to achieve on favorable terms or at all. Posting additional collateral would reduce our liquidity and limit our ability to leverage our assets. If we cannot meet these requirements, the lender could accelerate our indebtedness, increase the interest rate on advanced funds and terminate our ability to borrow funds from them, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and ability to implement our business plan. In addition, in the event that the lender files for bankruptcy or becomes insolvent, our loans may become subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, thus depriving us, at least temporarily, of the benefit of these assets. Such an event could restrict our access to credit facilities and increase our cost of capital. The lenders may also require us to maintain a certain amount of cash or set aside assets sufficient to maintain a specified liquidity position that would allow us to satisfy our collateral obligations. In the event that we are unable to meet these collateral obligations, our financial condition and prospects could deteriorate rapidly. 
 Our existing secured debt arrangements impose restrictive covenants. 
 Our secured debt arrangements contain restrictive covenants which impose limitations on the manner in which we conduct our business. For example, we are subject to customary restrictive covenants with respect to continuing to operate in a manner that allows us to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and financial covenants with respect to minimum consolidated tangible net worth, maximum total indebtedness to consolidated tangible net worth, and minimum liquidity. These covenants may restrict our ability to engage in transactions that we believe would otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 Should we choose to employ non-recourse long-term securitizations in the future, such structures may expose us to risks which could result in losses to us. 
 We may seek to enhance the returns of all or a senior portion of our commercial mortgage loans through securitizations. To securitize our portfolio investments, we may create a wholly-owned subsidiary and contribute a pool of assets to the subsidiary. This could include the sale of interests in the subsidiary on a non-recourse basis to purchasers whom we would expect to be willing to accept a lower interest rate to invest in investment grade loan pools, and we would retain a portion of the equity in the securitized pool of portfolio investments. The successful securitization of our portfolio investments might expose us to losses as the commercial real estate investments in which we do not sell interests will tend to be those that are riskier and 

17 

more likely to generate losses. Securitization financings could also restrict our ability to sell assets when it would otherwise be advantageous to do so. 
 An increase in our borrowing costs relative to the interest we receive on our leveraged assets may adversely affect our profitability and our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 As our secured debt arrangements and other short-term borrowings mature, we will be required either to enter into new borrowings or to sell certain of our assets. As borrowing rates have increased from the historically low levels that have been seen recently, at the time we enter into new borrowings, the spread between the returns on our assets and the cost of our borrowings may be reduced. In addition, there is no assurance that short-term interest rates may not increase further. For example, in response to recent inflationary pressure, the U.S. Federal Reserve and other global central banks have raised interest rates in 2022 and have indicated likely further interest rate increases. This could adversely affect the returns on our assets, which might reduce earnings and, in turn, cash available for distribution to our stockholders. In addition, because our secured debt arrangements are short-term commitments of capital, lenders may respond to market conditions making it more difficult for us to secure continued financing. If we are not able to renew our then existing facilities or arrange for new financing on terms acceptable to us, or if we default on our covenants or are otherwise unable to access funds under any of these facilities, we may have to curtail our asset acquisition activities, rely more heavily on additional equity issuances, which may be dilutive to our stockholders, and/or dispose of assets. 
 Interest rate fluctuations could reduce the income on our assets and could increase our financing costs, which may adversely affect our earnings and our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Changes in interest rates will affect our operating results as such changes will affect the interest we receive on any floating rate interest (such as LIBOR, SOFR or any other replacement rate) bearing assets and the financing cost of our floating rate debt, as well as our interest rate swap that we may utilize for hedging purposes. For example, in response to recent inflationary pressure, the U.S. Federal Reserve and other global central banks have raised interest rates in 2022 and have indicated likely further interest rate increases. Any such increases would increase our borrowers' interest payments and for certain borrowers may lead to defaults and losses to us. Such increases could also adversely affect commercial real estate property values. If a counterparty to our secured debt arrangements defaults on its obligation to resell the underlying security back to us at the end of the transaction term or if the value of the underlying security has declined as of the end of that term or if we default on our obligations under the secured debt arrangement, we will lose money on our secured debt arrangement. 
 When we engage in secured debt arrangements, we sell securities to lenders (i.e., secured debt arrangement counterparties) and receive cash from the lenders. The lenders are obligated to resell the same securities back to us at the end of the term of the transaction. Because the cash we receive from the lender when we initially sell the securities to the lender is less than the value of those securities (this difference is referred to as the haircut), if the lender defaults on its obligation to resell the same securities back to us, we could incur a loss on the transaction equal to the amount of the haircut (assuming there was no change in the value of the securities). We could also lose money on a secured debt arrangement if the value of the underlying securities has declined as of the end of the transaction term, as we would have to repurchase the securities for their initial value but would receive securities worth less than that amount. Further, if we default on one of our obligations under a secured debt arrangement, the lender will be able to accelerate the timing of payments, terminate the transaction and cease entering into any other secured debt arrangements with us. Any losses we incur on our secured debt arrangements could adversely affect our earnings and thus our cash available for distribution to stockholders. 
 Our rights under our secured debt arrangements may be subject to the effects of the bankruptcy laws in the event of the bankruptcy or insolvency of us or our lenders under the secured debt arrangements, which may allow our lenders to repudiate our secured debt arrangements. 
 In the event of our insolvency or bankruptcy, certain secured debt arrangements may qualify for special treatment under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the effect of which, among other things, would be to allow the lender under the applicable secured debt arrangements to avoid the automatic stay provisions of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and to foreclose on the collateral agreement without delay. In the event of the insolvency or bankruptcy of a lender during the term of a secured debt arrangement, the lender may be permitted, under applicable insolvency laws, to repudiate the contract, and our claim against the lender for damages may be treated simply as an unsecured creditor. In addition, if the lender is a broker or dealer subject to the Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970, or an insured depository institution subject to the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, our ability to exercise our rights to recover our securities under a secured debt arrangement or to be compensated for any damages resulting from the lender s insolvency may be further limited by those statutes. These claims would be subject to significant delay and, if and when received, may be substantially less than the damages we actually incur. 
 We may enter into hedging transactions that could expose us to contingent liabilities in the future and adversely impact our financial condition. 

18 

Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT, we may enter into hedging transactions that could require us to fund cash payments in certain circumstances (e.g., the early termination of the hedging instrument caused by an event of default or other early termination event, or the decision by a counterparty to request margin securities it is contractually owed under the terms of the hedging instrument). The amount due would be equal to the unrealized loss of the open swap positions with the respective counterparty and could also include other fees and charges. These economic losses will be reflected in our results of operations, and our ability to fund these obligations will depend on the liquidity of our assets and access to capital at the time, and the need to fund these obligations could adversely impact our financial condition. 
 In addition, certain of the hedging instruments that we may enter into could involve risks since they often are not traded on regulated exchanges, guaranteed by an exchange or its clearing house, or regulated by any U.S. or foreign governmental authorities. We cannot assure that a liquid secondary market will exist for hedging instruments that it may purchase or sell in the future, and we may be required to maintain a position until exercise or expiration, which could result in significant losses. 
 In addition, subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT, we pursue various hedging strategies to seek to reduce our exposure to adverse changes in currencies and interest rates. We may fail to recalculate, readjust and execute hedges in an efficient manner. 
 While we may enter into such transactions seeking to reduce currency or interest rate risks, unanticipated changes in currency or interest rates may result in poorer overall investment performance than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transactions. In addition, the degree of correlation between price movements of the instruments used in a hedging strategy and price movements in the portfolio positions or liabilities being hedged may vary materially. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we may not seek to establish a perfect correlation between such hedging instruments and the portfolio positions or liabilities being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation may prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk of loss. 
 Furthermore, we intend to record any derivative and hedging transactions we enter into in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). However, we may choose not to pursue, or fail to qualify for, hedge accounting treatment relating to such derivative instruments. As a result, our operating results may suffer because losses, if any, on these derivative instruments may not be offset by a change in the fair value of the related hedged transaction or item. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR ASSETS 
 We cannot assure stockholders that we will be successful in consummating additional opportunities we identify which would likely materially affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 We cannot assure stockholders that we will be able to continue to identify additional assets that meet our investment objectives, that the Manager s due diligence processes will uncover all relevant facts regarding such assets, that we will be successful in consummating any additional opportunities we identify or that the assets we acquire in the future will yield attractive risk-adjusted returns. Our inability to do any of the foregoing likely would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 We may not achieve our weighted-average all-in yield on our assets, which may lead to future returns that may be significantly lower than anticipated. 
 The calculations of our weighted-average all-in yield, included in this annual report on Form 10-K or in our future periodic reports or press releases or other communications, with respect to our investments are based on, among other considerations, assumptions regarding the performance of our assets, expected future fundings, the exercise of extension options and the absence of dispositions, early prepayments or defaults, all of which are subject to significant uncertainty. In addition, events or conditions that have not been anticipated may occur and may have a significant effect on the actual rate of return received on our target assets. If these assumptions fail to materialize, future returns on our investments may be significantly lower than underwritten returns. For additional discussion of factors that may affect actual returns on our investments, see Item 7A. "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk" and Item 7. "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations." 
 We may be subject to lender liability claims. 
 A number of judicial decisions have upheld the right of borrowers to sue lending institutions on the basis of various evolving legal theories, collectively termed "lender liability." Generally, lender liability is founded on the premise that a lender has either violated a duty, whether implied or contractual, of good faith and fair dealing owed to the borrower or has assumed a degree of control over the borrower resulting in the creation of a fiduciary duty owed to the borrower or its other creditors or stockholders. We cannot assure prospective investors that such claims will not arise or that we will not be subject to significant liability if a claim of this type did arise. 

19 

Any credit ratings assigned to our assets will be subject to ongoing evaluations and revisions and we cannot assure stockholders that those ratings will not be downgraded. 
 Some of our assets may be rated by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations. Any credit ratings on our assets are subject to ongoing evaluation by credit rating agencies, and these ratings could be changed or withdrawn by a rating agency in the future if, in its judgment, circumstances warrant. If rating agencies assign a lower-than-expected rating or reduce or withdraw, or indicate that they may reduce or withdraw, their ratings of our investments in the future, the value of these investments could significantly decline, which would adversely affect the value of our investment portfolio and could result in losses upon disposition. An investment grade credit rating does not provide assurance that the subject investment will not become impaired. 
 Acquisitions of preferred equity involve a greater risk of loss than traditional debt transactions. 
 We may acquire real estate preferred equity as an alternative to mezzanine loans, which involves a higher degree of risk than first mortgage loans due to a variety of factors, including the risk that, similar to mezzanine loans, such assets are subordinate to first mortgage loans and are not collateralized by property underlying the asset and, in certain instances, may not have financial performance covenants. Although as a holder of preferred equity we may enhance our position with covenants that limit the activities of the entity in which we have an interest and protect our equity by obtaining an exclusive right to control the underlying property after an event of default, should such a default occur on our asset, we would only be able to proceed against the entity in which we have an interest, and not the property owned by such entity and underlying our investment. Further, similar to mezzanine loans, preferred equity does not ordinarily afford the holder with the full range of protections of a creditor. As a result, we may not recover some or all of our investment. 
 The lack of liquidity of our assets may adversely affect our business, including our ability to value and sell our assets. 
 The illiquidity of commercial mortgage loans, commercial real estate corporate debt and loans and other real estate-related debt investments may make it difficult for us to sell such assets if the need or desire arises. Many of the securities we purchase are not registered under the relevant securities laws, resulting in a prohibition against their transfer, sale, pledge or their disposition except in a transaction that is exempt from the registration requirements of, or otherwise in accordance with, those laws. In addition, certain assets such as B Notes, mezzanine loans and other loans are also particularly illiquid due to their short life, their potential unsuitability for securitization and the greater difficulty of recovery in the event of a borrower s default. As a result, many of our assets are illiquid and if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we have previously recorded our assets. Further, we may face other restrictions on our ability to liquidate an interest in a business entity to the extent that we or the Manager have or could be attributed with material, non-public information regarding such business entity. As a result, our ability to vary our portfolio in response to changes in economic and other conditions may be relatively limited, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The expected discontinuance of the London interbank offered rate ("LIBOR") and transition to alternative reference rates may adversely impact our borrowings and assets. 
 Certain of our secured debt arrangements and the Term Loans, as well as certain of our floating rate loan assets, are linked to U.S. dollar LIBOR. We expect that a significant portion of these financing arrangements and loan assets will not have matured, been prepaid or otherwise terminated prior to the time at which U.S. dollar LIBOR will cease to be published. The U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") regulates the LIBOR administrator, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("IBA"). On March 5, 2021, the FCA and IBA announced that the IBA will cease publication in the current form for 1-week and 2-month U.S. dollar LIBOR rates immediately following the publication on December 31, 2021 and for overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month U.S. dollar LIBOR rates immediately following the publication on June 30, 2023. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the "ARRC"), a group of private-market participants convened by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board and the New York Federal Reserve, has recommended the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as a more robust reference rate alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. The use of SOFR as a substitute for U.S. dollar LIBOR is voluntary and may not be suitable for all market participants. SOFR is calculated based on overnight transactions under repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities. The ARRC has also recommended the use of the CME Group s computation of forward-looking SOFR term rates, subject to certain recommended limitations on the scope of its use. In March 2022, the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act was enacted at the federal level in the United States, pursuant to which the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System has designated benchmark replacement rates based on SOFR for U.S. law governed legacy contracts that have no or insufficient fallback provisions. There is no assurance that any alternative rates used to determine interest on loans that we may hold in the future, including any version of SOFR or Term SOFR as modified by any applicable spread adjustment, will be the economic equivalent of U.S. dollar LIBOR. This could result in us receiving lower interest rate payments on certain of our floating rate assets or making higher interest rate payments with respect to our floating 

20 

rate debt obligations. 
 Some of our debt and loan assets may not include robust fallback language that would facilitate replacing U.S. dollar LIBOR with SOFR, Term SOFR or another clearly defined alternative reference rate after U.S. dollar LIBOR s discontinuation, and we may need to amend these before the IBA ceases to publish U.S. dollar LIBOR. If such debt or loan assets mature after U.S. dollar LIBOR ceases to be published, our counterparties may disagree with us about how to replace U.S. dollar LIBOR or calculate interest payments. Even when robust fallback language is included, there can be no assurance that the replacement rate plus any spread adjustment will be economically equivalent to LIBOR, which could result in a lower interest rate being paid to us on such assets and could reduce the value of such assets. Modifications to any debt, loan assets, interest rate hedging transactions or other contracts to replace U.S. dollar LIBOR with an alternative reference rate could result in adverse tax consequences. In addition, any resulting differences in interest rate standards among our assets and our financing arrangements may result in interest rate mismatches between our assets and the borrowings used to fund such assets. Furthermore, the transition away from U.S. dollar LIBOR may adversely impact our ability to manage and hedge exposures to fluctuations in interest rates using derivative instruments. There is no guarantee that a transition from LIBOR to alternative reference rates will not result in financial market disruptions, significant increases in benchmark rates, or borrowing costs to borrowers, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and the market price of our common stock. 
 Provisions for loan losses are difficult to estimate. 
 In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued ASU 2016-13 "Financial Instruments - Credit Losses - Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments (Topic 326)" ("ASU 2016-13") and in April 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-04 "Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses, Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, and Topic 825, Financial Instruments" ("ASU 2019-04") (collectively, the "CECL Standard"). These updates change how entities will measure credit losses for most financial assets and certain other instruments that are not measured at fair value. The CECL Standard replaces the "incurred loss" approach under existing guidance with an "expected loss" model for instruments measured at amortized cost. The CECL Standard requires entities to record allowances for held-to-maturity and available-for-sale debt securities that is deducted from the carrying amount of the assets to present the net carrying value at the amounts expected to be collected on the assets. All assets subject to the CECL Standard, with few exceptions, will be subject to these allowances rather than only those assets where a loss is deemed probable under the other-than-temporary impairment model. 
 We will continue to record loan specific reserves ("Specific CECL Allowance") in accordance with a practical expedient prescribed by the CECL Standard. The Specific CECL Allowance is evaluated on a quarterly basis. The determination of the Specific CECL Allowance requires us to make certain estimates and judgments, which may be difficult to determine. Our estimates and judgments are based on a number of factors, including (1) whether cash from operations is sufficient to cover the debt service requirements currently and into the future, (2) the ability of the borrower to refinance the loan and (3) the property s liquidation value, all of which remain uncertain and are subjective. 
 In addition, we record a general reserve in accordance with the CECL Standard on the remainder of the loan portfolio General CECL Allowance"). The CECL Standard has been effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 and has been adopted through a cumulative-effect adjustment to accumulated deficit as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective; as such, we have adopted the CECL Standard as of January 1, 2020. The CECL Standard may create more volatility in the level of our allowance for loan losses. If we are required to materially increase our level of allowance for loan losses for any reason, such increase could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our assets may be concentrated and are subject to risk of default. 
 We are not required to observe specific diversification criteria, except as may be set forth in the investment guidelines adopted by our board of directors. See Item 7. "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Investment Guidelines." Therefore, our assets may at times be concentrated in certain property types that are subject to higher risk of foreclosure or secured by properties concentrated in a limited number of geographic locations. To the extent that our portfolio is concentrated in any one region or type of asset, downturns relating generally to such region or type of asset may result in defaults on a number of our assets within a short time period, which may reduce our net income and the value of our common stock and accordingly reduce our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. Difficult conditions in the markets for mortgages and mortgage-related assets as well as the broader financial markets may result in contraction in liquidity for mortgages and mortgage-related assets, which may adversely affect the value of the assets. 
 The commercial mortgage loans and other commercial real estate-related loans we acquire are subject to delinquency, foreclosure and loss, any or all of which could result in losses to us. 

21 

Commercial mortgage loans are secured by residential-for-rent or commercial property and are subject to risks of delinquency and foreclosure, and risks of loss are greater than similar risks associated with mortgage loans made on the security of one to four family residential properties. The ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured by an income-producing property typically is dependent primarily upon the successful operation of such property rather than upon the existence of independent income or assets of the borrower. If the net operating income of the property is reduced, the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. The Manager makes certain estimates of losses during its underwriting of commercial mortgage loans. However, estimates may not prove accurate, as actual results may vary from estimates. Net operating income of an income-producing property can be affected by, among other things: tenant mix, success of tenant businesses, property management decisions, property location and condition, competition from comparable types of properties (including properties located in opportunity zones), changes in laws that increase operating expense or limit rents that may be charged, any need to address environmental contamination at the property, the occurrence of any uninsured casualty at the property, changes in national, regional or local economic conditions and/or specific industry segments, declines in regional or local real estate values, declines in regional or local rental or occupancy rates, increases in interest rates, real estate tax rates and other operating expenses, changes in governmental rules, regulations and fiscal policies, environmental, climate and other ESG-related legislation and tax legislation, acts of God, regional, national or global outbreaks, epidemics and pandemics, geopolitical events, terrorism, social unrest, civil disturbances or other calamities. 
 In the event of any default under a mortgage or other real estate-related loan held directly by us, we will bear a risk of loss of principal to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral and the principal and accrued interest of the commercial mortgage loan or other real estate-related loan, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow from operations. In the event of the bankruptcy of a commercial mortgage loan borrower or other real estate-related loan borrower, the loan to such borrower will be deemed to be secured only to the extent of the value of the underlying collateral at the time of bankruptcy (as determined by the bankruptcy court), and the lien securing the loan will be subject to the avoidance powers of the bankruptcy trustee or debtor-in-possession to the extent the lien is unenforceable under state law. 
 Foreclosure of a commercial mortgage loan can be an expensive and lengthy process which could have a substantial negative effect on our anticipated return on the foreclosed mortgage loan. 
 B Notes and mezzanine loans we acquire may be subject to losses. The B Notes we acquire may be subject to additional risks relating to the privately negotiated structure and terms of the transaction, which may result in losses to us. 
 As part of our whole loan origination platform, we may retain from whole loans we acquire or originate, subordinate interests referred to as B Notes. B Notes are commercial real estate loans secured by a first mortgage on a single large commercial property or group of related properties and subordinated to a senior interest, referred to as an A Note. As a result, if a borrower defaults, there may not be sufficient funds remaining for B Note owners after payment to the A Note owners. B Notes reflect similar credit risks to comparably rated commercial mortgage-backed securities ("CMBS"). However, since each transaction is privately negotiated, B Notes can vary in their structural characteristics and risks. For example, the rights of holders of B Notes to control the process following a borrower default may be limited in certain investments. We cannot predict the terms of each B Note investment. Similar to our B Note strategy, we may originate or acquire mezzanine loans, which are loans made to property owners that are secured by pledges of the borrower s ownership interests, in whole or in part, in entities that directly or indirectly own the real property. The loan to value and last dollar of exposure of the mezzanine loans generally do not differ greatly from the whole loans we originate or acquire, with the key distinction being that the most senior portion of the loan with the least credit risk is owned by a third-party lender. In the event a borrower defaults on a loan and lacks sufficient assets to satisfy our loan, we may suffer a loss of principal or interest. In the event a borrower declares bankruptcy, we may not have full recourse to the assets of the borrower, or the assets of the borrower may not be sufficient to satisfy the loan. In addition, mezzanine loans are by their nature structurally subordinated to more senior property level financings. If a borrower defaults on our mezzanine loan or on debt senior to our loan, or in the event of a borrower bankruptcy, our mezzanine loan will be satisfied only after the property level debt and other senior debt is paid in full. Significant losses related to our B Notes or mezzanine loans would result in operating losses for us and may limit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 Our commercial real estate corporate debt assets and loans and debt securities of commercial real estate operating or finance companies will be subject to the specific risks relating to the particular company and to the general risks of investing in real estate-related loans and securities, which may result in significant losses. 
 We may acquire commercial real estate corporate debt and loans and debt securities of commercial real estate operating or finance companies, including REITs. These assets have special risks relating to the particular company, including its financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, business and prospects. In particular, the debt securities are often non-collateralized and may also be subordinated to its other obligations. We acquire debt securities of companies that are not rated or are rated non-investment grade by one or more rating agencies. Assets that are not rated or are rated non-investment grade have a higher risk of default than investment grade rated assets and therefore may result in losses to us. We have not adopted any limit on such investments. 

22 

These investments will also subject us to the risks inherent with real estate-related investments, including the risks described with respect to commercial properties and similar risks, including: 
 risks of delinquency and foreclosure, and risks of loss in the event thereof; 
 the dependence upon the successful operation of, and net income from, real property; 
 risks generally incident to interests in real property; and 
 risks specific to the type and use of a particular property. 
 These risks may adversely affect the value of our commercial real estate operating and finance our assets and the ability of the issuers thereof to make principal and interest payments in a timely manner, or at all, and could result in significant losses. 
 A prolonged economic slowdown, a lengthy or severe recession or declining real estate values could impair our assets and harm our operations. 
 We believe the risks associated with our business will be more severe during periods of economic slowdown or recession if these periods are accompanied by declining real estate values. In addition, our investment model may be adversely affected if there is an economic recession or if it continues longer or is deeper than we may anticipate. Declining real estate values will likely reduce the level of new mortgage and other real estate-related loan originations since borrowers often use appreciation in the value of their existing properties to support the purchase or investment in additional properties. Borrowers may also be less able to pay principal and interest on our loans if the value of real estate weakens. Further, declining real estate values significantly increase the likelihood that we will incur losses on our loans in the event of default because the value of our collateral may be insufficient to cover our cost on the loan. Any sustained period of increased payment delinquencies, foreclosures or losses could adversely affect the Manager s ability to invest in, sell and securitize loans, which would materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and business and our ability to pay dividends to stockholders. 
 Recent macroeconomic trends, including inflation and rising interest rates, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Throughout 2022, inflation in the United States has accelerated and is currently expected to continue at an elevated level in the near-term. Rising inflation could have an adverse impact on any floating rate debt we have incurred and may incur in the future, and our general and administrative expenses, as these costs could increase at a rate higher than our interest income and other revenue. In response to recent inflationary pressure, the U.S. Federal Reserve and other global central banks have raised interest rates in 2022 and have indicated likely further interest rate increases. To the extent our borrowing costs increase faster than the interest income earned from our floating-rate loans, such increases may adversely affect our cash flows. 
 Our real estate assets are subject to risks particular to real property. These risks may have resulted and may continue to result in a reduction or elimination of return from a loan secured by a particular property. 
 To the extent we foreclose on properties and own real estate directly upon a default of mortgage or other real estate-related loans, as we have done and may continue to do, we are subject to risks particular to owning real property. Real estate is subject to various risks, including: 
 acts of God, including earthquakes, floods and other natural disasters, which may result in uninsured losses; 
 acts of war or terrorism, including the consequences of terrorist attacks; 
 pandemics or other calamities that may affect tenants' ability to pay their rent; 
 adverse changes in national and local economic and market conditions; 
 changes in governmental laws and regulations, fiscal policies and zoning ordinances and the related costs of compliance with laws and regulations, fiscal policies and ordinances; 
 costs of remediation and removal of hazardous substances and liabilities associated with environmental conditions, which liabilities may be imposed without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the release of such hazardous substance, and which may also adversely affect our ability to sell the property; and 
 the potential for uninsured or under-insured property losses. 

23 

If any of these or similar events occurs, it may reduce our return from an affected property or investment and reduce or eliminate our ability to pay dividends to stockholders. 
 Certain of our loans are denominated in currencies other than USD or are secured by assets located outside of the United States which subject us to the uncertainty of foreign laws and markets, geopolitical issues, and foreign currency risks. 
 Our assets include loans that are denominated in currencies other than USD or are secured by assets located outside the United States. As of December 31, 2022, 4.0 billion, or 46.1 , of our assets (by carrying value) were comprised of such loans. Investments in countries outside the United States may subject us to risks of multiple and conflicting tax laws and regulations, and other laws and regulations that may make foreclosure and the exercise of other remedies in the case of default more difficult or costly compared to U.S. assets as well as political and economic instability abroad, and concerns regarding the stability of the sovereign debt of certain European countries, and other geopolitical issues, including the ongoing conflicts among Russia, Belarus and Ukraine and the severe economic sanctions and export controls imposed by the U.S. and other governments against Russia, Belarus and Russian or Belarusian interests any of which factors could adversely affect our receipt of returns on and distributions from these assets. In addition, fluctuations in exchange rates between foreign currencies and USD could expose us to foreign currency risk. All of the foregoing could adversely affect the book value of our assets and the income from those assets. 
 We maintain cash balances in our bank accounts that exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limitation. 
 We regularly maintain cash balances at banks domiciled in the United States in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limit. The failure of such bank could result in the loss of a portion of such cash balances in excess of the federally insured limit, which could materially and adversely affect our financial position. 
 Assets that we acquire with co-investors could be materially and adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on our co-investors' financial condition and disputes between us and our co-investors. 
 We may co-invest with third parties through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities, in which we would not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the investment, partnership, joint venture or other entity. Investments through partnerships, joint ventures, or other entities may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present were a third party not involved, including the possibility that co-investors might become bankrupt, fail to fund their share of required capital contributions, make poor business decisions or block or delay necessary decisions. Co-investors may have economic or other business interests or goals which are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. Such investments may also have the potential risk of impasses on decisions, such as a sale, because neither we nor our co-investors would have full control over the partnership or joint venture. Disputes between us and our co-investors may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent us from focusing our time and effort on our business. Consequently, actions by, or disputes with, our co-investors might result in subjecting the facilities owned by the partnership or joint venture to additional risk. In addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our co-investors. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR RELATIONSHIP WITH THE MANAGER 
 There are various conflicts of interest in our relationship with Apollo which could result in decisions that are not in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 We are subject to conflicts of interest arising out of our relationship with Apollo, including the Manager. We have and may enter into transactions with Apollo and other Apollo vehicles. In particular, we have invested in and may in the future invest in, or acquire, certain of our investments through joint ventures with Apollo or its affiliates or purchase assets from, sell assets to or arrange financing from or provide financing to other Apollo vehicles. Any such transactions require approval by a majority of our independent directors. In certain instances we may invest alongside other Apollo vehicles in different parts of the capital structure of the same issuer. Depending on the size and nature of such investment, such transactions may require approval by a majority of our independent directors. There can be no assurance that any procedural protections will be sufficient to assure that these transactions will be made on terms that will be at least as favorable to us as those that would have been obtained in an arm s length transaction. 
 In addition to us, affiliates of the Manager manage other investment vehicles whose core investment strategies focus on one or more of our target asset classes. To the extent such other Apollo vehicles or other vehicles that may be organized in the future seek to acquire or divest of the same target assets as us, the scope of opportunities otherwise available to us may be adversely affected and/or reduced. 

24 

The Manager and Apollo have an investment allocation policy in place that is intended to ensure that every Apollo vehicle, including us, is treated in a manner that, over time, is fair and equitable. According to this policy, investments may be allocated by taking into account factors, including but not limited to, available capital and net asset value of the investment vehicles, suitability of the investment, order size, investment objectives, permitted leverage and available financing, current income expectations, the size, liquidity and duration of the available investment, seniority and other capital structure considerations and the tax implications of an investment. The investment allocation policy may be amended by the Manager and Apollo at any time without our consent. 
 In addition to the fees payable to the Manager under the Management Agreement, the Manager and its affiliates may benefit from other fees paid to it in respect of our investments and financing transactions. For example, if we seek to securitize our commercial mortgage loans, Apollo and/or the Manager may act as collateral manager. In any of these or other capacities, Apollo and/or the Manager may receive market-based fees for their roles, but only if approved by a majority of our independent directors. 
 The Management Agreement was negotiated between related parties and its terms, including fees payable to the Manager, may not be as favorable to us as if they had been negotiated with an unaffiliated third party. In addition, we may choose not to enforce, or to enforce less vigorously, our rights under the Management Agreement because of our desire to maintain an ongoing relationship with the Manager. 
 The Manager s and Apollo s liability is limited under the Management Agreement, and we have agreed to indemnify the Manager against certain liabilities. As a result, we could experience poor performance or losses for which the Manager would not be liable. 
 Pursuant to the Management Agreement, the Manager does not assume any responsibility other than to render the services called for thereunder and is not responsible for any action of our board of directors in following or declining to follow its advice or recommendations. Under the terms of the Management Agreement, the Manager, its officers, members, managers, directors, personnel, any person controlling or controlled by the Manager and any person providing services to the Manager (including Apollo) are not liable to us, any of our subsidiaries, our stockholders or partners or any subsidiary s stockholders or partners for acts or omissions performed in accordance with and pursuant to the Management Agreement, except by reason of acts constituting bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence, or reckless disregard of their duties under the Management Agreement. The Manager maintains a contractual as opposed to a fiduciary relationship with us that limits its obligations to us to those specifically set forth in the Management Agreement. In addition, we have agreed to indemnify the Manager, its officers, stockholders, members, managers, directors, personnel, any person controlling or controlled by the Manager and any person providing services to the Manager (including Apollo) with respect to all expenses, losses, damages, liabilities, demands, charges and claims arising from acts of the Manager not constituting bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence, or reckless disregard of duties, performed in good faith in accordance with and pursuant to the Management Agreement. As a result, we could experience poor performance or losses for which the Manager would not be liable. 
 The termination of the Management Agreement may be difficult and costly, which may adversely affect our inclination to end our relationship with the Manager. 
 Termination of the Management Agreement with the Manager without cause is difficult and costly. The Management Agreement provides that, in the absence of cause, it may only be terminated by us, upon the vote of at least two thirds of our independent directors based upon: (i) the Manager s unsatisfactory performance that is materially detrimental to us, or (ii) a determination that the management fees payable to the Manager are not fair, subject to the Manager s right to prevent termination based on unfair fees by accepting a reduction of management fees agreed to by at least two thirds of our independent directors. The Manager will be provided 180 days prior notice of any such termination. Additionally, upon a termination by us without cause (or upon a termination by the Manager due to our material breach), the Management Agreement provides that we will pay the Manager a termination payment equal to three times the average annual base management fee earned by the Manager during the 24-month period prior to such termination, calculated as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter. This provision increases the effective cost to us of electing not to renew, or defaulting in our obligations under, the Management Agreement, thereby adversely affecting our inclination to end our relationship with the Manager, even if we believe the Manager s performance is not satisfactory. 
 The term of the Management Agreement was automatically renewed for a successive one-year term on September 29, 2022 and will automatically renew on each anniversary thereafter; provided, however, that either we, under the certain limited circumstances described above that would require us to pay the fee described above, or the Manager may terminate the Management Agreement annually upon 180 days prior notice. If the Management Agreement is terminated and no suitable replacement is found to manage us, we may not be able to continue to execute our business plan. 
 We do not own the Apollo name but may use it pursuant to a license agreement with Apollo. Use of the name by other 

25 

parties or the termination of our license agreement may harm our business. 
 We have entered into a license agreement with Apollo pursuant to which it has granted us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name "Apollo." Under this agreement, we have a right to use this name for so long as the Manager serves as our manager pursuant to the Management Agreement. Apollo retains the right to continue using the "Apollo" name. We cannot preclude Apollo from licensing or transferring the ownership of the "Apollo" name to third parties, some of whom may compete with us. Consequently, we would be unable to prevent any damage to goodwill that may occur as a result of the activities of Apollo or others. Furthermore, in the event that the license agreement is terminated, we will be required to change our name and cease using the name. Any of these events could disrupt our recognition in the marketplace, damage any goodwill we have generated and otherwise harm our business. The license agreement will terminate concurrently with the termination of the Management Agreement. 
 The manner of determining the base management fee may not provide sufficient incentive to the Manager to maximize risk-adjusted returns on our investment portfolio since it is based on our stockholders equity (as defined in the Management Agreement) and not on other measures of performance. 
 The Manager is entitled to receive a base management fee that is based on the amount of our stockholders equity (as defined in the Management Agreement) at the end of each quarter, regardless of our performance. Our stockholders equity for the purposes of calculating the base management fee is not the same as, and could be greater than, the amount of stockholders equity shown on our consolidated financial statements. The possibility exists that significant base management fees could be payable to the Manager for a given quarter despite the fact that we experienced a net loss during that quarter. The Manager s entitlement to such significant nonperformance-based compensation may not provide sufficient incentive to the Manager to devote its time and effort to source and maximize risk-adjusted returns on our investment portfolio, which could, in turn, adversely affect our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders and the market price of our common stock. Furthermore, the compensation payable to the Manager will increase as a result of future equity offerings, even if the offering is dilutive to existing stockholders. 
 The Manager manages our portfolio pursuant to very broad investment guidelines and our board of directors does not approve each decision made by the Manager, which may result in us undertaking riskier transactions. 
 The Manager is authorized to follow very broad investment guidelines and to execute most transactions without prior approval of our board of directors. Furthermore, the Manager may use complex strategies and transactions entered into by the Manager that may be difficult or impossible to unwind by the time they are reviewed by our directors. The Manager has great latitude within the broad investment guidelines in determining the types of assets that are proper for us, and how such loans and investments are financed or hedged, which could result in returns that are substantially below expectations or that result in losses. In addition, subject to compliance with our investment guidelines, the Manager may change its investment strategy at any time, depending on prevailing market conditions, or for other reasons, in response to opportunities available in different interest rate, economic and credit environments. We have in the past made, and may make in the future changes in the investment guidelines at any time with the approval of our independent directors but without the consent of our stockholders. Any future changes in our investment policies could adversely impact our profitability and risk profile. 
 Possession of material, non-public information could prevent us from undertaking advantageous transactions; Apollo could decide to establish information barriers. 
 Apollo generally follows an open architecture approach to information sharing within the larger Apollo organization and does not normally impose information barriers within its asset management business. If the Manager were to receive material non-public information about a particular company, or have an interest in investing in a particular company, Apollo or certain of its affiliates may be prevented from investing in or disposing of investments in such company. Conversely, if Apollo or certain of our affiliates were to receive material non-public information about a particular company or have an interest in investing in a particular company we may be prevented from investing in or disposing of investments in such company. This risk affects us more than it does investment vehicles that are not related to Apollo, as Apollo generally does not use information barriers within its asset management business that many firms implement to separate persons who make investment decisions from others who might possess material, non-public information that could influence such decisions. Apollo s approach to these barriers could prevent the Manager s investment professionals from undertaking advantageous investments or dispositions that would be permissible for them otherwise. In addition, Apollo could in the future decide to establish information barriers within its asset management business, particularly as it expands and diversifies. In such event, Apollo s ability to operate as an integrated asset management platform will be restricted and the Manager s resources may be limited. 
 We are dependent on the Manager and its key personnel for our success and upon their access to Apollo s investment professionals and partners. We may not find a suitable replacement for the Manager if the Management Agreement is terminated, or if key personnel leave the employment of the Manager or Apollo or otherwise become unavailable to us. 

26 

We do not have any employees and we rely completely on the Manager to provide us with investment and advisory services. We have no separate facilities and are completely reliant on the Manager, which has significant discretion as to the implementation of our operating policies and strategies. We depend on the diligence, skill and network of business contacts of the Manager. We benefit from the personnel, relationships and experience of the Manager s executive team and other personnel and investors of Apollo. The executive officers and key personnel of the Manager evaluate, negotiate, close and monitor our investments; therefore, our success will depend on their continued service. We also depend, to a significant extent, on the Manager s access to the investment professionals and partners of Apollo and the information and deal flow generated by the Apollo investment professionals in the course of their investment and portfolio management activities. 
 The departure of any senior personnel of the Manager, or of a significant number of the investment professionals or partners of Apollo, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our investment objectives. In addition, we offer no assurance that the Manager will remain our investment manager, that we will continue to have access to the Manager s or Apollo s executive officers and other investment professionals, or that we will be able to find a suitable replacement for the Manager if the Management Agreement is terminated. 
 We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. The ability of the Manager and its officers and employees to engage in other business activities may reduce the time the Manager spends managing our business. 
 We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. However, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics contains a conflicts of interest policy that prohibits our directors and executive officers, as well as personnel of the Manager or Apollo who provide services to us, from engaging in any transaction that involves an actual conflict of interest with us without the approval of a majority of our independent directors. In addition, the Management Agreement does not prevent the Manager and its affiliates from engaging in additional management or investment opportunities, some of which could compete with us. Further, certain of our officers and directors, and the officers and other personnel of the Manager, also serve or may serve as officers, directors or partners of other Apollo vehicles. Accordingly, the ability of the Manager and its officers and employees to engage in other business activities may reduce the time the Manager spends managing our business. These demands on their time may reduce the time our officers and officers of the Manager may have available to spend managing our business and distract them or slow the rate of investment. 
 Our business may be adversely affected if our reputation, the reputation of the Manager or Apollo, or the reputation of counterparties with whom we associate is harmed. 
 We may be harmed by reputational issues and adverse publicity relating to us, the Manager or Apollo. Issues could include real or perceived legal or regulatory violations or could be the result of a failure in performance, risk-management, governance, technology or operations, or claims related to employee misconduct, conflict of interests, ethical issues or failure to protect private information, among others. Similarly, market rumors and actual or perceived association with counterparties whose own reputation is under question could harm our business. Such reputational issues may depress the market price of our capital stock or have a negative effect on our ability to attract counterparties for our transactions, or otherwise adversely affect us. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR TAXATION AS A REIT 
 Qualifying as a REIT involves highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, and our failure to qualify as a REIT or remain qualified as a REIT would subject us to U.S. federal income tax and applicable state and local taxes, which would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 We believe that we have been organized and operated and intend to continue to be organized and to operate in a manner that will allow us to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2009, but we have not requested and do not intend to request a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") that we so qualify. The U.S. federal income tax laws governing REITs are complex, and judicial and administrative interpretations of the U.S. federal income tax laws governing REIT qualification are limited. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must meet, on an ongoing basis, various tests regarding the nature and diversification of our assets and our income, the ownership of our outstanding shares, and the amount of our distributions. Even a technical or inadvertent violation could jeopardize our REIT qualification. Our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends upon our analysis of the characterization and fair market values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination, and for which we will not obtain independent appraisals. Our compliance with the REIT income and quarterly asset requirements also depends upon our ability to successfully manage the composition of our income and assets on an ongoing basis. Moreover, new legislation, court decisions or administrative guidance, in each case possibly with retroactive effect, may make it more difficult 

27 

or impossible for us to qualify as a REIT. In addition, our ability to satisfy the requirements to qualify as a REIT depends in part on the actions of third parties over which we have no control or only limited influence, including in cases where we own an equity interest in an entity that is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, while we intend to operate so that we will qualify as a REIT, given the highly complex nature of the rules governing REITs, the ongoing importance of factual determinations, and the possibility of future changes in our circumstances, no assurance can be given that we will so qualify for any particular year. 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, and we do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, we would be required to pay U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income, and distributions to our stockholders would not be deductible by us in determining our taxable income. In such a case, we might need to borrow money or sell assets in order to pay our taxes. Our payment of income tax would decrease the amount of our income available for distribution to stockholders, and we no longer would be required to distribute substantially all of our taxable income to stockholders. Unless we were eligible for certain statutory relief provisions, we could not re-elect to qualify as a REIT for the subsequent four taxable years following the year in which we failed to qualify. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may force us to liquidate or forego otherwise attractive investments, to incur debt, or could otherwise adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must ensure that we meet the REIT gross income test annually and that, at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash items, government securities, shares in REITs and other qualifying real estate assets, including certain mortgage loans and certain kinds of mortgage-backed securities. The remainder of our investments in securities (other than government securities and REIT qualified real estate assets) generally cannot include more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10 of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. In addition, in general, no more than 5 of the value of our assets (other than government securities and securities that are qualifying real estate assets) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, no more than 20 of the value of our total securities can be represented by securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRSs") and not more than 25 of the value of our assets can consist of debt instruments issued by publicly offered REITs that are not secured by real property. If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. 
 In addition, in order to qualify as a REIT, we must distribute to our stockholders, each calendar year, at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gain. To the extent that we satisfy the 90 distribution requirement but distribute less than 100 of our taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our undistributed income. In addition, we will incur a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which our distributions in any calendar year are less than a minimum amount specified under U.S. federal income tax laws. We intend to distribute our net income to our stockholders in a manner intended to satisfy the REIT 90 distribution requirement and to avoid the 4 nondeductible excise tax. 
 In order to meet these requirements, we may be required to liquidate from our portfolio, or contribute to a TRS, otherwise attractive investments, and may be unable to pursue investments that would be otherwise advantageous to us in order to satisfy the source of income or asset diversification requirements for qualifying as a REIT. Furthermore, in order to meet the distribution requirements, we may be required to: (i) sell assets in adverse market conditions, (ii) borrow on unfavorable terms, (iii) distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt or (iv) make a taxable distribution of our shares as part of a distribution in which stockholders may elect to receive shares or (subject to a limit measured as a percentage of the total distribution) cash, in order to comply with the REIT distribution requirements. Thus, compliance with the REIT distribution requirements may hinder our ability to grow. All of these actions could adversely affect the value of our common stock or reduce our income and amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Even if we qualify as a REIT, we may face tax liabilities that reduce our cash flow. 
 Even if we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income and assets, including taxes on any undistributed income, tax on income from some activities conducted as a result of a foreclosure, and state or local income, franchise, property and transfer taxes, including mortgage recording taxes. In addition, we have jointly elected with each of ACREFI I TRS, Inc. ("ACREFI TRS"), a Delaware corporation that is indirectly wholly owned by us, ARM TRS, LLC ("ARM TRS"), a Delaware corporation that is indirectly wholly owned by us, ACREFI II TRS, Ltd. ("ACREFI II TRS"), a Cayman company that is indirectly wholly owned by us, ACREFI III TRS, Inc. ("ACREFI III TRS"), a Delaware corporation that is indirectly wholly owned by us, and ACRE Debt 2 PLC ("ACRE Debt TRS"), a UK public limited company that we own an interest in, to treat each of ACREFI TRS, ARM TRS, ACREFI II TRS, ACREFI III TRS, and ACRE Debt TRS as a TRS of ours. ACREFI TRS, ARM TRS, and ACREFI III TRS and any other domestic TRSs 

28 

we own will be subject to U.S. federal, state and local corporate taxes, and ACRE Debt TRS and any other non-U.S. TRS could be subject to U.S. or non-U.S. taxes. In order to meet the REIT qualification requirements, or to avoid the imposition of a 100 tax that applies to certain gains derived by a REIT from sales of inventory or property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, we may hold some of our assets through taxable subsidiary corporations, including ACREFI TRS, ARM TRS, ACREFI II TRS, ACREFI III TRS, ACRE Debt TRS or any other TRSs we may form. Any taxes paid by such subsidiary corporations would decrease the cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 The Internal Revenue Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder provide a specific exemption from U.S. federal income tax that applies to a non-U.S. corporation that restricts its activities in the United States to trading in stock and securities (or any activity closely related thereto) for its own account whether such trading (or such other activity) is conducted by such a non-U.S. corporation or its employees through a resident broker, commission agent, custodian or other agent. Certain U.S. stockholders of such a non-U.S. corporation are required to include in their income currently their proportionate share of the earnings of such a corporation, whether or not such earnings are distributed. Each of ACREFI II TRS and ACRE Debt TRS intend to operate in a manner so that it will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on its net income. Therefore, despite the status of each of ACREFI II TRS and ACRE Debt TRS as a TRS, it should generally not be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on its earnings. However, there is no assurance that ACREFI II TRS and ACRE Debt TRS will successfully operate in this manner. If ACREFI II TRS and ACRE Debt TRS were subject to U.S. federal income tax on all or a portion of its income, this would reduce the amount of cash it had available for distributions to us, which could in turn reduce the amount of cash we are able to distribute to our stockholders. 
 The failure of mortgage loans subject to a secured debt arrangement to qualify as a real estate asset would adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 When we enter into certain secured debt arrangements, we will nominally sell certain of our assets to a counterparty and simultaneously enter into an agreement to repurchase the sold assets. We believe that we will be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the owner of the assets that are the subject of any such agreements notwithstanding that such agreements may transfer record ownership of the assets to the counterparty during the term of the agreement. It is possible, however, that the IRS could assert that we did not own the assets during the term of the secured debt arrangement, in which case we could fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 The failure of a mezzanine loan to qualify as a real estate asset could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 We have and may continue to acquire and originate mezzanine loans, which are loans secured by equity interests in a partnership or limited liability company that directly or indirectly owns real property. In Revenue Procedure 2003-65, the IRS provided a safe harbor pursuant to which a mezzanine loan, if it meets each of the requirements contained in the Revenue Procedure, will be treated by the IRS as a real estate asset for purposes of the REIT asset tests, and interest derived from the mezzanine loan will be treated as qualifying mortgage interest for purposes of the REIT 75 gross income test. Although the Revenue Procedure provides a safe harbor on which taxpayers may rely, it does not prescribe rules of substantive tax law. Our mezzanine loans do not always meet all of the requirements of this safe harbor. In the event we own a mezzanine loan that does not meet the safe harbor, the IRS could challenge such loan s treatment as a real estate asset for purposes of the REIT asset and income tests and, if such a challenge were sustained, we could fail to qualify as a REIT, unless we are able to qualify for a statutory REIT "savings" provision, which may require us to pay a significant penalty tax to maintain our REIT qualification. 
 We may fail to qualify as a REIT or become subject to a penalty tax if the IRS successfully challenges our treatment of our mezzanine loans and certain preferred equity investments as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 There is limited case law and administrative guidance addressing whether instruments similar to our mezzanine loans and preferred equity investments will be treated as equity or debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We treat our mezzanine loans and our preferred equity investments that have a debt-like fixed return and redemption date as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, but we do not obtain private letter rulings from the IRS or opinions of counsel on the characterization of such investments for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If such investments were treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would be treated as owning the assets held by the partnership or limited liability company that issued the mezzanine loan or preferred equity, and we would be treated as receiving our proportionate share of the income of that entity. If that partnership or limited liability company owned nonqualifying assets, earned nonqualifying income, or earned prohibited transaction income, we may not be able to satisfy all of the REIT income or asset tests or could be subject to prohibited transaction tax. Accordingly, we could be required to pay prohibited transaction tax or fail to qualify as a REIT if the IRS does not respect our classification of our mezzanine loans and certain preferred equity investments as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless we are able to qualify for a statutory REIT "savings" provision, which may require us to pay a significant penalty tax to maintain our REIT qualification. 
 We may be required to report taxable income for certain investments in excess of the economic income we ultimately realize 

29 

from them. 
 We may acquire debt instruments in the secondary market for less than their face amount. The amount of such discount will generally be treated as "market discount" for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Market discount generally is reported as income when, and to the extent that, any payment of principal of the debt instrument is made, unless we elect to include accrued market discount in income as it accrues. Principal payments on certain loans are made monthly, and consequently accrued market discount may have to be included in income each month as if the debt instrument were assured of ultimately being collected in full. If we collect less on the debt instrument than our purchase price plus the market discount we had previously reported as income, we may not be able to benefit from any offsetting loss deductions. 
 In addition, we may be required to accrue interest and discount income on mortgage loans, CMBS, and other types of debt securities or interests in debt securities before we receive any payments of interest or principal on such assets. We may also be required under the terms of the indebtedness that we incur, whether to private lenders or pursuant to government programs, to use cash received from interest payments to make principal payment on that indebtedness. Furthermore, we will generally be required to take certain amounts into income no later than the time such amounts are reflected on our financial statements. As a result of the foregoing, we may generate less cash flow than taxable income in a particular year, which could impact our ability to satisfy the REIT distribution requirements. 
 The "taxable mortgage pool" rules may increase the taxes that we or our stockholders may incur, and may limit the manner in which we effect future securitizations. 
 Securitizations by us or our subsidiaries could result in the creation of taxable mortgage pools for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, we could have "excess inclusion income." Certain categories of stockholders, such as non-U.S. stockholders eligible for treaty or other benefits, stockholders with net operating losses, and certain tax-exempt stockholders that are subject to unrelated business income tax, could be subject to increased taxes on a portion of their dividend income from us that is attributable to any such excess inclusion income. In addition, to the extent that our common stock is owned by tax-exempt "disqualified organizations," such as certain government-related entities and charitable remainder trusts that are not subject to tax on unrelated business income, we may incur a corporate level tax on a portion of any excess inclusion income. Moreover, we could face limitations in selling equity interests in these securitizations to outside investors, or selling any debt securities issued in connection with these securitizations that might be considered to be equity interests for tax purposes. These limitations may prevent us from using certain techniques to maximize our returns from securitization transactions. 
 Although our use of TRSs may be able to partially mitigate the impact of meeting the requirements necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT, our ownership of and relationship with our TRSs is limited and a failure to comply with the limits would jeopardize our REIT qualification and may result in the application of a 100 excise tax. 
 A REIT may own up to 100 of the stock of one or more TRSs. A TRS may hold assets and earn income that would not be qualifying assets or income if held or earned directly by a REIT. Both the subsidiary and the REIT must jointly elect to treat the subsidiary as a TRS. A corporation of which a TRS directly or indirectly owns more than 35 of the voting power or value of the stock will automatically be treated as a TRS. Overall, no more than 20 of the value of a REIT s assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more TRSs. In addition, the TRS rules limit the deductibility of interest paid or accrued by a TRS to its parent REIT to assure that the TRS is subject to an appropriate level of corporate taxation. The rules also impose a 100 excise tax on certain transactions between a TRS and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm s-length basis. 
 ACREFI TRS, ARM TRS, and ACREFI III TRS and any other domestic TRSs that we may form will pay U.S. federal, state and local income tax on their taxable income, and their after-tax net income will be available for distribution to us but will not be required to be distributed to us, unless necessary to maintain our REIT qualification. In addition, while not intended, it is possible that ACREFI II TRS and ACRE Debt TRS could be subject to U.S. federal, state, and local income tax on all or a portion of its income. While we will be monitoring the aggregate value of the securities of our TRSs and intend to conduct our affairs so that such securities will represent less than 20 of the value of our total assets, there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the TRS limitation in all market conditions. 
 We are required to include in our income, on a current basis, certain earnings of ACREFI II TRS and ACRE DEBT TRS, if any. Those income inclusions were not technically included in any of the enumerated categories of income that qualify for the REIT 95 gross income test. However, under IRS guidance, certain such income inclusions generally will constitute qualifying income for purposes of the REIT 95 gross income test. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively. 
 The REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code may limit our ability to hedge our assets and operations. Under these provisions, any income that we generate from transactions intended to hedge our interest rate exposure or currency fluctuations 

30 

will be excluded from gross income for purposes of the REIT 75 and 95 gross income tests if the instrument hedges either (i) interest rate risk on liabilities used to carry or acquire real estate assets, (ii) currency fluctuations with respect to items of income that qualify for purposes of the REIT 75 or 95 gross income tests or assets that generate such income, or (iii) an instrument that hedges risks described in clause (i) or (ii) for a period following the extinguishment of the liability or the disposition of the asset that was previously hedged by the instrument, and, in each case, such instrument is properly identified under applicable Treasury Regulations. Income from hedging transactions that do not meet these requirements will generally constitute nonqualifying income for purposes of both the REIT 75 and 95 gross income tests. As a result of these rules, we may have to limit our use of hedging techniques that might otherwise be advantageous or implement those hedges through ACREFI TRS, ARM TRS, ACREFI II TRS, ACREFI III TRS, and ACRE Debt TRS or another TRS. This could increase the cost of our hedging activities because our TRS could be subject to tax on gains or expose us to greater risks associated with changes in interest rates and currency fluctuations than we would otherwise want to bear. In addition, losses in our TRS will generally not provide any tax benefit to us, although, subject to limitation, such losses may be carried forward to offset future taxable income of the TRS. 
 The tax on prohibited transactions will limit our ability to engage in transactions, including certain methods of securitizing mortgage loans, that would be treated as sales for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 A REIT s net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100 tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, but including mortgage loans, held as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. We might be subject to this tax if we were to sell or securitize loans in a manner that was treated as a sale of the loans as inventory for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Therefore, in order to avoid the prohibited transactions tax, we may choose not to engage in certain sales of loans, other than through a TRS, and we may be required to limit the structures we use for our securitization transactions, even though such sales or structures might otherwise be beneficial for us. 
 We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could reduce the market price of shares of our common stock. 
 The U.S. federal income tax laws and regulations governing REITs and their stockholders, as well as the administrative interpretations of those laws and regulations, are constantly under review and may be changed at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. No assurance can be given as to whether, when, or in what form, the U.S. federal income tax laws applicable to us and our stockholders may be enacted. Changes to the U.S. federal income tax laws and interpretations of U.S. federal tax laws could adversely affect an investment in our common stock. 
 Our qualification as a REIT and exemption from U.S. federal income tax with respect to certain assets may be dependent on the accuracy of legal opinions or advice rendered or given or statements by the issuers of assets that we acquire, and the inaccuracy of any such opinions, advice or statements may adversely affect our REIT qualification and result in significant corporate-level tax. 
 When purchasing securities, we may rely on opinions or advice of counsel for the issuer of such securities, or statements made in related offering documents, for purposes of determining whether such securities represent debt or equity securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and also to what extent those securities constitute REIT real estate assets for purposes of the REIT asset tests and produce income which qualifies under the 75 REIT gross income test. In addition, when purchasing the equity tranche of a securitization, we may rely on opinions or advice of counsel regarding the qualification of the securitization for exemption from U.S. corporate income tax and the qualification of interests in such securitization as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The inaccuracy of any such opinions, advice or statements may adversely affect our REIT qualification and result in significant corporate-level tax. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our principal executive office is located at 9 West 57th Street, New York, New York 10019, telephone 212-515-3200. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. Refer to "Note 17 - Commitments and Contingencies" for further detail regarding legal proceedings . 

31 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not Applicable. 

32 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, under the symbol "ARI." On February 7, 2023, the last sales price for our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange was 12.31 per share. 
 Holders 
 As of February 7, 2023, we had 470 registered holders of our common stock. The 470 holders of record include Cede Co., which holds shares as nominee for The Depository Trust Company, which itself holds shares on behalf of the beneficial owners of our common stock. Such information was obtained through our registrar and transfer agent, based on the results of a broker search. 
 Dividends 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2009 and, as such, anticipate distributing annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, excluding net capital gains and determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction. Although we may borrow funds to make distributions, once our available capital is fully deployed, cash for such distributions is expected to be largely generated from our results of operations. Dividends are declared and paid at the discretion of our board of directors and depend on cash available for distribution, financial condition, our ability to maintain our qualification as a REIT, and such other factors that the board of directors may deem relevant. See Item 1A. "Risk Factors," and Item 7. "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," of this annual report on Form 10-K, for information regarding the sources of funds used for dividends and for a discussion of factors, if any, which may adversely affect our ability to pay dividends. 
 Stockholder Return Performance 
 The following graph is a comparison of the cumulative total stockholder return on shares of our common stock, the Standard Poor's 500 (the "S P 500"), and the Bloomberg REIT Mortgage Index (the "BBREMTG Index"), a published industry index, from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in our common stock, the S P 500 and the BBREMTG Index and that all dividends were reinvested without the payment of any commissions. There can be no assurance that the performance of our shares will continue in line with the same or similar trends depicted in the graph below 
 . 
 Period Ending 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. 100.00 99.93 121.05 86.53 112.19 104.59 S P 500 100.00 95.44 125.24 148.27 190.79 156.21 BBREMTG Index 100.00 97.09 120.03 93.38 109.82 83.05 

33 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Recent Purchases of Equity Securities 
 We did not repurchase any of our equity securities during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

34 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and accompanying notes included in 
 Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
 We are a Maryland corporation and have elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We primarily originate, acquire, invest in and manage performing commercial first mortgage loans, subordinate financings, and other commercial real estate-related debt investments. These asset classes are referred to as our target assets. 
 We are externally managed and advised by the Manager, an indirect subsidiary of Apollo, a global, high-growth alternative asset manager with assets under management of approximately 523.0 billion as of September 30, 2022. 
 The Manager is led by an experienced team of senior real estate professionals who have significant expertise in underwriting and structuring commercial real estate financing transactions. We benefit from Apollo s global infrastructure and operating platform, through which we are able to source, evaluate and manage potential investments in our target assets. 
 Current Market Conditions 
 
 Certain external events such as public health issues, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, natural disasters and geopolitical events, including the ongoing conflict between Russia, Belarus and Ukraine, have adversely impacted the global economy and have contributed to significant volatility in financial markets. Due to various uncertainties caused by such external events and recent macroeconomic trends, including inflation and rising interest rates, further business risks could arise. Some of the factors that impacted us to date and may continue to affect us are outlined in Item 1A. "Risk Factors." 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 
 Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires the use of estimates and assumptions that involve the exercise of judgment and use of assumptions as to future uncertainties. The most critical accounting policies involve decisions and assessments that affect our reported assets and liabilities, as well as reported revenues and expenses. We believe that all of the decisions and assessments upon which these financial statements are based are reasonable based upon information currently available to us. The accounting policies and estimates that we consider to be most critical to an investor s understanding of our financial results and condition and require complex management judgment are discussed below. 
 Assets and Liabilities Related to Real Estate Owned 
 In order to maximize recovery against a defaulted loan, we may assume legal title or physical possession of the underlying collateral through foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure. Foreclosed properties are classified as real estate owned and recognized at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets in accordance with the acquisition method under Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. Real estate assets acquired may include land, building, furniture, fixtures and equipment ("FF E"), and intangible assets. In accordance ASC 820, "Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures," we may utilize the income, market or cost approach (or combination thereof) to determine fair value. 
 When determining the fair value of a real estate asset under the income approach, we make certain assumptions including, but not limited to, consideration of projected operating cash flows, comparable selling prices and projected cash flows from the eventual disposition of the real estate asset based upon our estimate of a capitalization rate and discount rate. 
 When determining the fair value of real estate assets under the market or sales comparison approach, we compare the property to similar properties in the marketplace. Although we exercise significant judgment to identify similar properties, and may also consult independent third-party valuation experts to assist, our assessment of fair value is subject to uncertainty and sensitive to our selection of comparable properties. 
 When determining the fair value or real estate assets under the cost approach, we measure fair value as the replacement cost of these assets. This approach also requires significant judgment, and our estimate of replacement cost could vary from actual replacements costs. 
 At times we may classify real estate assets as held for sale in the period in which they meet the criteria under ASC Topic 360, "Property, Plant, and Equipment" as discussed in "Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" to our consolidated financial statements. Once a real estate asset is classified as held for sale, depreciation is no longer recorded, and 

35 

the asset is reported at the lower of its carrying value or fair value less cost to sell. The fair value of real estate assets classified as held for sale is determined using the appropriate methodologies noted in the preceding paragraph and the real estate asset's fair value is subject to uncertainty, as the actual sales price of the real estate asset could differ from those assumed in our valuations. 
 
 Once real estate assets have been recorded at fair value, they are evaluated for impairment on a quarterly basis. A real estate asset is considered impaired when the sum of estimated future undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the real estate asset over the estimated remaining holding period is less than the carrying value of such real estate asset. An impairment charge is recorded equal to the excess of the carrying value of the real estate asset over the fair value. When determining the fair value of a real estate asset for the purpose of assessing impairment, we make certain assumptions including, but not limited to: consideration of projected operating cash flows, intended holding period of the real estate, comparable selling prices and projected cash flows from the eventual disposition of the real estate based upon our estimate of a capitalization rate and discount rate. While we exercise significant judgment in generating our assumptions, the asset s fair value is subject to uncertainty, as actual operating cash flows and disposition proceeds could differ from those assumed in our valuations. Additionally, the output is sensitive to the assumptions used in calculating any potential impairment. 
 Please refer to "Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," "Note 3 Fair Value Disclosure," and "Note 5 Assets and Liabilities Related to Real Estate Owned for more information regarding real estate owned and our valuation methodology. 
 
 Current Expected Credit Losses 
 
 We measure and record potential expected credit losses related to our loan portfolio in accordance with the CECL Standard. The CECL Standard requires an entity to consider historical loss experience, current conditions, and a reasonable and supportable forecast of the macroeconomic environment. We have adopted the Weighted Average Remaining Maturity ("WARM") method to determine a General CECL Allowance for the majority of loans in our portfolio, applied on a collective basis by assets with similar risk characteristics. If we determine that a borrower or sponsor is experiencing financial difficulty, we will record loan-specific allowances (our Specific CECL Allowance) in accordance with a practical expedient prescribed by the CECL Standard. 
 General CECL Allowance 
 There are a number of significant assumptions required to estimate our General CECL Allowance which include deriving and applying an annual historical loss rate, estimating the impacts of current and future macroeconomic conditions and forecasting the timing of expected repayments, satisfactions and future fundings. 
 We derive an annual historical loss rate based on a CMBS database with historical losses from 1998 through the fourth quarter of 2022 provided by a third party, Trepp LLC. We apply various filters to arrive at a CMBS dataset most analogous to our current portfolio from which we determine an appropriate historical loss rate. This historical loss rate, and ultimately the General CECL Allowance we derive, is sensitive to the CMBS dataset we select. 
 We adjust our determined annual historical loss rate based on our outlook of the macroeconomic environment, for a reasonable and supportable forecast period. Selection of a forecast period is a matter of judgement and our General CECL Allowance is sensitive to this input. 
 
 We develop our expectations for the future macroeconomic environment and its potential impact on the performance of loans in our portfolio, by analyzing various market factors, such as unemployment rate, market liquidity and price indexes relevant to commercial real estate sector. This assessment requires the use of significant judgment in selecting relevant market factors and analyzing their correlation with historical loss rates. The future macroeconomic environment is subject to uncertainty as the actual future macroeconomic environment could vary from our expectations. 
 Additionally, there are assumptions provided to us by the Manager that represent their best estimate as to loan expected term, future fundings, and timing of loan repayments. These assumptions, although made with the most available information at the time of the estimate, are subjective and actual activity may not follow the estimated schedule. These assumptions impact the future balances that the loss rate will be applied to and as such impact our General CECL Allowance. As we acquire new loans and the Manager monitors loan and sponsor performance, these estimates may change each period. Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 4 Commercial Mortgage Loans, Subordinate Loans and Other Lending Assets, Net for further discussion regarding our General CECL Allowance. 
 Specific CECL Allowance 
 When we determine that a borrower or sponsor is experiencing financial difficulty, we evaluate the related loan for loan-specific allowances, under the practical expedient prescribed by the CECL Standard . Determining that a borrower or sponsor is experiencing financial difficulty requires the use of significant judgment and can be based on several factors subject to 

36 

uncertainty. These factors can include, but are not limited to, whether cash from the borrower's operations are sufficient to cover current and future debt service requirements, the borrower s ability to potentially refinance the loan, and other circumstances that can affect the borrower s ability to satisfy their obligations in accordance the terms of the loan. When utilizing the practical expedient for collateral dependent loans, the current expected credit losses is determined as the difference between the fair value of the underlying collateral, adjusted for estimated costs to sell when applicable, and the carrying value of the loan (prior to the current expected credit losses), as repayment or satisfaction of a loan is dependent on a sale of the underlying collateral. Collateral-dependent loans evaluated for a Specific CECL Allowance are removed from the General CECL pool. 
 The fair value of the underlying collateral is determined by using method(s) such as discounted cash flow, the market approach, or direct capitalization approach. These methods require the use of key unobservable inputs, which are inherently uncertain and subjective. Our estimate of fair value is sensitive to both the valuation methodology selected and inputs used. Determining a suitable valuation method and selecting the appropriate key unobservable inputs and assumptions requires significant judgment and consideration of factors specific to the underlying collateral being assessed. Additionally, the key unobservable inputs and assumptions used may vary depending on the information available to us and market conditions as of the valuation date. As such, the fair value that we derive and use in calculating our Specific CECL Allowance, is subject to uncertainty and any actual losses, if incurred, could differ materially from our current expected credit losses. Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 4 Commercial Mortgage Loans, Subordinate Loans and Other Lending Assets, Net for further discussion regarding our Specific CECL Allowance. 
 Refer to "Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" to our consolidated financial statements for the complete listing and description of our significant accounting policies. 
 Results of Operations 
 All non-USD denominated assets and liabilities are translated to USD at the exchange rate prevailing at the reporting date and income, expenses, gains, and losses are translated at the prevailing exchange rate on the dates that they were recorded. 
 Loan Portfolio Overview 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022 in thousands): Description Carrying Value Weighted-Average Coupon (1) 
 Weighted Average All-in Yield (1)(2) 
 Secured Debt Arrangements (3) 
 Cost of Funds (4) 
 Equity at carrying value (5) 
 Commercial mortgage loans, net 8,121,109 7.2 7.7 5,309,302 5.6 2,811,807 Subordinate loans and other lending assets, net 560,881 6.3 7.0 560,881 Total/Weighted-Average 8,681,990 7.1 7.6 5,309,302 5.6 3,372,688 
 
 (1) Weighted-Average Coupon and Weighted-Average All-in Yield are based on the applicable benchmark rates as of December 31, 2022 on the floating rate loans and includes zero percent coupon and yield for loans on non-accrual. 
 (2) Weighted-Average All-in Yield includes the amortization of deferred origination fees, loan origination costs and accrual of both extension and exit fees. Weighted-Average All-in Yield excludes the benefit of forward points on currency hedges relating to loans denominated in currencies other than USD. 
 (3) Gross of deferred financing costs of 12.5 million. 
 (4) Cost of funds includes weighted average spread and applicable benchmark rates as of December 31, 2022 on secured debt arrangements. 
 (5) Represents loan portfolio at carrying value less secured debt outstanding. 
 The following ta ble provides details of our commercial mortgage loan portfolio and subordinate loan and other lending assets portfolio, on a loan-by-loan basis, as of December 31, 2022 in millions): 
 
 Commercial Mortgage Loan Portfolio # Property Type Risk Rating Origination Date Amortized Cost Unfunded Commitment Construction Loan 3rd Party Subordinate Debt Fully-extended Maturity Location 1 Hotel 3 10/2019 334 28 Y 08/2024 Various, Spain 2 Hotel 3 11/2021 205 17 Y 11/2026 Various, UK/Ireland 3 Hotel 3 05/2022 179 25 Y 06/2027 Napa Valley, CA 4 Hotel 3 07/2021 156 24 08/2026 Various, US 5 Hotel 3 11/2021 150 14 12/2026 St. Thomas, USVI 6 Hotel 3 09/2015 146 06/2024 Manhattan, NY 7 Hotel 3 04/2018 143 04/2023 Honolulu, HI 

37 

8 Hotel 3 08/2019 128 08/2024 Puglia, Italy 9 Hotel 3 10/2021 99 11/2026 New Orleans, LA 10 Hotel (1) 
 5 03/2017 98 10/2022 Atlanta, GA 11 Hotel 3 06/2022 96 06/2025 Rome, Italy 12 Hotel 3 11/2018 90 12/2023 Vail, CO 13 Hotel 3 12/2019 60 01/2025 Tucson, AZ 14 Hotel 3 05/2019 52 06/2024 Chicago, IL 15 Hotel 3 10/2021 45 40 10/2026 Lake Como, Italy 16 Hotel 2 12/2015 42 08/2024 St. Thomas, USVI 17 Hotel 3 02/2018 27 11/2024 Pittsburgh, PA 18 Hotel 3 12/2021 24 32 06/2025 Dublin, Ireland 19 Office 3 01/2020 229 62 Y 02/2025 Long Island City, NY 20 Office 3 03/2022 225 40 Y 04/2027 Manhattan, NY 21 Office 3 06/2019 205 9 08/2026 Berlin, Germany 22 Office 3 02/2020 204 02/2025 London, UK 23 Office 3 02/2022 158 397 Y 02/2027 London, UK 24 Office 3 02/2022 157 06/2025 Milan, Italy 25 Office (3) 
 3 12/2017 113 Y 12/2022 London, UK 26 Office 3 11/2022 106 01/2025 Chicago, IL 27 Office 3 03/2018 84 Y 07/2023 Chicago, IL 28 Office 3 11/2021 45 32 Y 11/2025 Milan, Italy 29 Retail 3 04/2022 452 36 04/2027 Various, UK 30 Retail 3 10/2021 392 10/2026 Various, UK 31 Retail 3 08/2019 249 Y 09/2025 Manhattan, NY 32 Retail 3 05/2022 139 06/2027 Various, US 33 Retail (4) 
 5 11/2014 100 09/2023 Cincinnati, OH 34 Residential (5) 
 3 08/2022 274 09/2024 Manhattan, NY 35 Residential 3 12/2021 211 16 12/2026 Various, UK 36 Residential (2) 
 3 12/2018 136 Y 01/2023 Manhattan, NY 37 Residential 3 05/2022 89 4 06/2027 Manhattan, NY 38 Residential 3 12/2021 85 22 01/2027 Manhattan, NY 39 Residential 3 05/2021 82 Y 05/2026 Cleveland, OH 40 Residential 3 04/2014 59 07/2023 Various 41 Residential 3 12/2019 58 7 Y 11/2025 Boston, MA 42 Residential 3 11/2014 50 06/2023 Various, US 43 Residential 3 12/2021 30 Y 01/2026 Hallandale Beach, FL 44 Mixed Use 3 12/2019 305 96 Y Y 06/2025 London, UK 45 Mixed Use 3 03/2022 135 41 Y 03/2027 Brooklyn, NY 46 Mixed Use 3 06/2022 78 50 Y Y 06/2026 London, UK 47 Mixed Use 3 12/2019 42 09/2023 London, UK 48 Healthcare 3 03/2022 371 03/2027 Various, MA 49 Healthcare 3 10/2019 153 10/2024 Various, UK 50 Parking Garages 3 05/2021 270 5 05/2026 Various, US 51 Industrial 3 03/2021 246 05/2026 Various, Sweden 52 Portfolio (6) 
 3 06/2021 222 22 06/2026 Various, Germany 53 Caravan Parks 3 02/2021 198 02/2028 Various, UK 54 Urban Predevelopment 3 12/2022 118 14 01/2025 Miami, FL General CECL Allowance (23) Subtotal / Weighted-Average Commercial Mortgage Loans 3.0 8,121 1,033 2.9 Years 
 
 Subordinate Loan and Other Lending Assets Portfolio # Property Type Risk Rating Origination Date Amortized Cost Unfunded Commitment Construction Loan 3rd Party Subordinate Debt Fully-extended Maturity Location 

38 

1 Residential (5) 
 3 05/2020 255 Y 09/2024 Manhattan, NY 2 Residential (5) 
 3 06/2015 192 9 Y 09/2024 Manhattan, NY 3 Residential (4)(5) 
 5 11/2017 15 Y 09/2024 Manhattan, NY 4 Healthcare (7) 
 3 07/2019 51 Y 06/2024 Various, US 5 Hotel 2 06/2015 23 07/2025 Phoenix, AZ 6 Hotel 4 06/2018 20 06/2023 Las Vegas, NV 7 Office 4 08/2017 8 09/2024 Troy, MI General CECL Allowance (3) Subtotal / Weighted-Average Subordinate Loans and Other Lending Assets 3.1 561 9 1.6 Years Total / Weighted-Average 
 Loan Portfolio (8) 
 3.0 8,682 1,042 2.8 Years 
 
 (1) Loan went into maturity default dur ing the fourth quarter of 2022. See "Note 4 - Commercial Mortgage Loans, Subordinate Loans and Other Lending Assets, Net" for discussion on 7.0 million write-off recorded in 2022. 
 (2) Currently in negotiations with borrower to provide short term extension. 
 (3) Includes 25.1 million of a subordinate participation sold accounted for as secured borrowing. Loan went into maturity default during the fourth quarter of 2022 and was subsequently paid off in January 2023. See "Note 4 - Commercial Mortgage Loans, Subordinate Loans and Other Lending Assets, Net" for more information. 
 (4) Amortized cost for these loans is net of the recorded Specific CECL Allowance. 
 (5) Loans are secured by the same property. 
 (6) Includes portfolio of office, industrial, and retail property types. 
 (7) Single Asset, Single Borrower CMBS. 
 (8) Total may not foot due to rounding. 

Our average asset and debt balances for the year ended December 31, 2022 were in thousands): Average month-end balances for the year ended December 31, 2022 Description Assets Related debt Commercial mortgage loans, net 8,046,577 5,133,907 Subordinate loans and other lending assets, net 759,268 Subordinate loans, held for sale 625 
 Portfolio Management 
 Due to the impact of COVID-19, including longer-term macroeconomic effects on supply chains, inflation and labor shortages, some of our borrowers have experienced challenges which have prevented the execution of their business plans and in some cases, resulted in temporary closures. As a result, we have worked with borrowers to execute loan modifications which are typically coupled with additional equity contributions from borrowers. Loan modifications to date have included repurposing of reserves, temporary deferrals of interest or principal, and partial deferral of coupon interest as payment-in-kind interest. 
 Investment Activity 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we committed 3.7 billion of capital to loans 3.0 billion was funded at closing). In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we received 2.2 billion in repayments and funded 0.6 billion for commitments closed prior to 2022. 
 Net Income Available to Common Stockholders 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our net income available to common stockholders was 253.0 million, or 1.68 per diluted share of common stock, and 210.6 million, or 1.46 per diluted share of common stock, respectively. 
 Operating Results 
 The following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations and certain key operating metrics compared to the most recently reported period in thousands): 

39 

Years ended 2022 vs 2021 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Net interest income: Interest income from commercial mortgage loans 456,513 327,702 128,811 Interest income from subordinate loans and other lending assets 55,590 100,413 (44,823) Interest expense (270,525) (162,522) (108,003) Net interest income 241,578 265,593 (24,015) Operations related to real estate owned: Revenue from real estate owned operations 62,062 18,917 43,145 Operating expenses related to real estate owned (52,368) (19,923) (32,445) Depreciation and amortization on real estate owned (704) (2,645) 1,941 Net income (loss) related to real estate owned 8,990 (3,651) 12,641 Operating expenses: General and administrative expenses (29,662) (28,845) (817) Management fees to related party (38,419) (38,160) (259) Total operating expenses (68,081) (67,005) (1,076) Other income 2,494 3,821 (1,327) Realized gain (loss) on investments 18,683 (20,767) 39,450 Realized losses and impairments on real estate owned (550) 550 Decrease in Specific CECL Allowance, net 11,500 30,000 (18,500) Decrease in General CECL Allowance, net 6,123 4,773 1,350 Gain on foreign currency forward contracts 146,981 41,674 105,307 Foreign currency translation loss (116,399) (31,687) (84,712) Gain on interest rate hedging instruments 13,363 1,314 12,049 Net income 265,232 223,515 41,717 
 For a comparison and discussion of our results of operations and other operating and financial data for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, see Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 8, 2022. 
 Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income decreased by 24.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. This decrease was primarily due to lower average outstanding balances of our subordinate loans and other lending assets, as we continue to migrate our portfolio to senior loans. Additionally, the decrease was due in part to increased debt to equity ratio compared to same period in 2021. 
 Operations Related to Real Estate Owned 
 In 2017, we originated a 20.0 million junior mezzanine loan which was subordinate to: (i) a 110.0 million mortgage loan, and (ii) a 24.5 million senior mezzanine loan, secured by a full-service luxury hotel in Washington, D.C. On May 24, 2021, we acquired legal title to the hotel through a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure . The assets and liabilities related to the hotel were assumed at their estimated fair value at acquisition and presented net of accumulated depreciation and impairment charges. As of March 1, 2022, the related assets and liabilities were transferred to assets and liabilities related to real estate owned, held for sale, as the property met the criteria for held for sale due to our marketing efforts on the property, as well as other developments. Results of operations from the hotel are comprised of operating revenue, expenses and real estate asset depreciation. As of March 1, 2022, we ceased recording depreciation on the building and FF E on the consolidated statement of operations as the property was transferred to held for sale at such date. 
 The hotel operations generated 9.0 million of net income during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a net loss of 3.7 million during the same period in 2021. The increase in net income from hotel operations primarily relates to the increase in hotel occupancy as the area continued to recover from the impacts of COVID-19 during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. 
 Refer to "Note 5 - Assets and Liabilities Related to Real Estate Owned" for more information related to our impairment and realized losses on real estate owned. 

40 

Operating Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses remained generally constant for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. 
 Management fees to related party 
 Management fee expense remained generally the same for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. 
 Other income 
 Other income remained generally constant for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 
 Realized gain (loss) on investments 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a 18.7 million net realized gain on investments, compared to the same period in 2021, in which we recorded a 20.8 million net realized loss. The realized gain was primarily driven by a 43.6 million realized gain recorded in connection with the title acquisition for one of our first mortgage loans secured by a multifamily development in Brooklyn, NY. Refer to "Note 5 - Assets and Liabilities Related to Real Estate Owned" for more information. This realized gain was partially offset by a (i) 17.9 million realized loss, representing a write-off of a previously recorded Specific CECL Allowance on a first mortgage loan secured by an urban predevelopment property due to the sale of the underlying property, and (ii) a 7.0 million realized loss, representing a write-off of a previously recorded Specific CECL Allowance related to a first mortgage secured by a hotel property, which went into maturity default during 2022. Refer to "Note 4 - Commercial Mortgage Loans Subordinate Loans and Other Lending Assets, Net" for more information. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a 20.0 million realized loss on investments reflecting the difference between the fair value of a hotel acquired through a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure and the amortized cost of the loan at the time of foreclosure and an 0.8 million loss on the sale of our interest in a subordinate loan secured by a mixed-use property. Refer to "Note 4 - Commercial Mortgage Loans Subordinate Loans and Other Lending Assets, Net" and Note 5 - Assets and Liabilities Related to Real Estate Owned" for more information. 
 Decrease in Specific CECL Allowance, net 
 Our Specific CECL allowance decreased by a total of 11.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a decrease of 30.0 million for the same period in 2021. The 11.5 million decrease during the year ended December 31, 2022 was comprised of i) a reversal and a write-off of a previously recorded Specific CECL Allowance of 53.0 million and 15.0 million, respectively, on an urban predevelopment first mortgage loan in Miami, FL and ii) a 10.0 million reversal of a previously recorded Specific CECL Allowance on a loan related to a multifamily development in Brooklyn, NY. These write-offs and reversals recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022 were offset by the Specific CECL Allowance of 66.5 million recorded in relation to mezzanine loan secured by our interest in an ultra-luxury residential property in Manhattan, NY. Refer to Note 4 - Commercial Mortgage Loans, Subordinate Loans and Other Lending Assets, Net" for further discussion. 
 The 30.0 million decrease of our Specific CECL Allowance during the year ended December 31, 2021 was comprised of i) a 20.0 million reversal of a previously recorded Specific CECL Allowance on a multifamily development loan located in Brooklyn, NY due to a more favorable market outlook as compared to when the allowance was taken and ii) a 10.0 million write-off of a previously recorded Specific CECL Allowance recorded in connection with a deed-in-lieu foreclosure on a mezzanine loan secured by an interest in a luxury hotel in Washington, D.C. See "Note 5 - Assets and Liabilities Related to Real Estate Owned" for more information. 
 Refer to "Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" and "Note 4 - Commercial Mortgage Loans, Subordinate Loans and Other Lending Assets, Net" for additional information related to our Specific CECL Allowance. 
 Decrease in General CECL Allowance, net 
 Our General CECL Allowance decreased by 6.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a decrease of 4.8 million for the same period in 2021. The decrease recorded during 2022 was primarily due to portfolio seasoning and changes in expected loan repayment dates, which was partially offset by a more adverse macroeconomic outlook. The decrease in General CECL Allowance recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily related to portfolio seasoning and an improved macroeconomic outlook, which was partially offset by new loan originations. 

41 

Refer to "Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" and "Note 4 - Commercial Mortgage Loans, Subordinate Loans and Other Lending Assets, Net" for additional information related to our General CECL Allowance. 
 Foreign currency translation loss and gain on derivative instruments 
 We use forward currency contracts to economically hedge interest and principal payments due under our loans denominated in currencies other than USD. When gains and losses on foreign currency translation and derivative instruments are evaluated on a combined basis, the net impact for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was a 30.6 million and 10.0 million gain, respectively. 
 The increase from the prior year represents a timing difference between the valuation on the foreign currency forward contracts, which are valued using spot rates, forward point estimates, and discount factors, and the foreign currency translation calculation which uses only spot rates. Additionally, as rates fell significantly during the year, our unrealized gain from derivative instruments, including derivative instruments related to our future expected interest cash flow, increased. As derivative instruments related to our future expected interest cash flow have no offset in foreign currency (loss) they are accounting for some of the variance noted above. 
 Gain on interest rate hedging instruments 
 During the second quarter of 2020, we entered into a three-year interest rate cap to cap LIBOR at 0.75 . During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized a gain on our interest rate cap of 13.4 million and 1.3 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the gain was comprised of a realized gain of 5.7 million and an unrealized gain of 7.7 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the gain of 1.3 million was comprised of an unrealized gain. There was no realized gain recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in the gain from the prior year is a result of the increase in the current interest rate forward curve, partially offset by the nearing maturity of the cap. 
 Subsequent Events 
 Refer to "Note 20 - Subsequent Events" to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for disclosure regarding significant transactions that occurred subsequent to December 31, 2022. 
 Contractual Obligations, Liquidity, and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity is a measure of our ability to meet potential cash requirements, including ongoing commitments to fund and maintain our assets and operations, repay borrowings, make distributions to our stockholders and other general business needs. We utilize various sources of cash in order to meet our liquidity needs in the next twelve months, which is considered the short-term, and the longer term. 
 Our current debt obligations consist of 1.5 billion of corporate debt at face value, 5.3 billion of asset financings, and a 164.8 million construction loan related to our real estate owned held for investment. Our corporate debt includes: (i) 777.3 million of term loan borrowings, (ii) 500.0 million of senior secured notes, and (iii) 230.0 million of the 2023 notes. Our asset specific financings are generally tied to the underlying loans and we anticipate repayments of 451.6 million of secured debt arrangements in the short term. Specifics about our secured debt arrangements and corporate debt maturities and obligations are discussed below. 
 In addition to our debt obligations, as of December 31, 2022, we had 1.0 billion of unfunded loan commitments. We expect that approximately 573.1 million will be funded to existing borrowers in the short term. 
 We have various sources of liquidity that we are able to use to satisfy our short and long-term obligations. As of December 31, 2022, we had 222.0 million of cash on hand. As of December 31, 2022, we also held approximately 1.0 billion of unencumbered assets, consisting of 636.2 million of senior mortgages and 372.6 million of mezzanine loans. Depending on market conditions, we may utilize additional borrowings as a source of cash, which may also include additional secured debt arrangements as well as other borrowings or conduct additional public and private debt and equity offerings. 
 We maintain policies relating to our use of leverage. Refer to "Leverage Policies" below. In the future, we may seek to raise further equity or debt capital or engage in other forms of borrowings in order to fund future investments or to refinance expiring indebtedness. 
 We generally intend to hold our assets for investment, although we may sell certain of our investments in order to manage our interest rate risk and liquidity needs, meet other operating objectives and adapt to market conditions. 
 To maintain our qualification as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code, we must distribute annually at least 90 of our 

42 

REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gain. These distribution requirements limit our ability to retain earnings and replenish or increase capital for operations. 
 
 We also have two interests in unconsolidated joint ventures. The unconsolidated joint ventures are deemed to be VIEs, of which we are not the primary beneficiary. Therefore, the VIEs are not consolidated in our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022. One of these joint ventures owns an underlying property that secures one of our first mortgage loans, and is accounted for as an off-balance-sheet arrangement. Our maximum exposure to loss from this commercial mortgage loan is limited to its carrying value, which as of December 31, 2022 was 99.6 million. 
 
 Our other interest in an unconsolidated joint venture was previously secured by an interest in an urban predevelopment first mortgage. During the fourth quarter of 2022, t he underlying property that secured this interest was sold to a third party; accordingly, this joint venture is expected to be dissolved in the first quarter of 2023. Although there is risk of loss we have no contractual obligation to fund any additional capital into the joint ventures. Refer to "Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" to our consolidated financial statements for more information. 
 Borrowings Under Various Financing Arrangements 
 The table below summarizes the outstanding balances and maturities for our various financing arrangements: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Borrowings Outstanding (1) 
 Maturity (2) 
 Borrowings Outstanding (1) 
 Maturity (2) 
 Secured credit facilities 3,459,226 May 2026 2,256,646 October 2025 Barclays Private Securitization 1,850,076 February 2026 1,902,684 August 2024 Total Secured debt arrangements 5,309,302 4,159,330 Term loans 777,250 January 2027 785,250 January 2027 Senior secured notes 500,000 June 2029 500,000 June 2029 Convertible senior notes 230,000 October 2023 575,000 February 2023 Total Borrowings 6,816,552 6,019,580 
 
 (1) Borrowings Outstanding represent principal balances as of the respective reporting periods. 
 (2) Maturity dates represent weighted average maturities based on borrowings outstanding and assumes extensions at our option are exercised with consent of financing providers, where applicable. 
 Secured Credit Facilities 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had entered into secured debt arrangements with eight secured credit facilities through wholly-owned subsidiaries. Terms under various master repurchase agreements vary by secured credit facility. 
 Refer to "Note 7 - Secured Debt Arrangements, Net" of our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosure regarding our secured credit facilities. 
 Barclays Private Securitization 
 We are party to a private securitization with Barclays Bank plc (the "Barclays Private Securitization"). Commercial mortgage loans currently financed under the Barclays Securitization are denominated in GBP, EUR and SEK. As of December 31, 2022, we had 931.4 million, 491.6 million, and kr2.1 billion 1.9 billion assuming conversion into USD) of borrowings outstanding under the Barclays Private Securitization secured by certain of our commercial mortgage loans. 
 Refer to "Note 7 - Secured Debt Arrangements, Net" of our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosure regarding our Barclays Private Securitization. 
 Term Loans 
 In May 2019, we entered into the 500.0 million 2026 Term Loan and in March 2021, we entered into the 300.0 million 2028 Term Loan. The outstanding Term Loans principal balance as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 777.3 million and 785.3 million, respectively. 
 Refer to Note 8 Senior Secured Term Loans, Net of our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosure regarding our 2026 Term Loan and 2028 Term Loan. 

43 

Senior Secured Notes 
 In June 2021, we issued 500.0 million of 4.625 Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the "2029 Notes"), for which we received net proceeds of 495.0 million, after deducting initial purchasers' discounts and commissions. The 2029 Notes had a carrying value of 494.8 million and 494.1 million, net of deferred financing costs of 5.2 million and 5.9 million, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Refer to Note 9 Senior Secured Notes, Net of our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosure regarding our 2029 Notes. 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 In two separate offerings during 2017, we issued an aggregate principal amount of 345.0 million of 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2022 (the "2022 Notes"), for which we received 337.5 million, after deducting the underwriting discount and offering expenses. During the third quarter of 2022, w e repaid the 345.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2018, we issued 230.0 million of 5.375 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023, for which we received 223.7 million after deducting the underwriting discount and offering expenses. At December 31, 2022, the 2023 Notes had a carrying value of 229.4 million and an unamortized discount of 0.6 million. 
 Refer to Note 10 Convertible Senior Notes, Net of our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosure regarding our Convertible Notes. 
 Debt-to-Equity Ratio 
 The following table presents our debt-to-equity ratio: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Debt to Equity Ratio (1) 
 2.8 2.4 
 
 (1) Represents total debt less cash and loan proceeds held by se rvicer (recorded with Other Assets, refer to "Note 6 - Other Assets" for more information) to total stockholders' equity. 
 Leverage Policies 
 We use leverage for the sole purpose of financing our portfolio and not for the purpose of speculating on changes in interest rates. In addition to our secured debt arrangements and Term Loans, we access additional sources of borrowings. Our charter and bylaws do not limit the amount of indebtedness we can incur; however, we are subject to and carefully monitor the limits placed on us by our credit providers and those that assign ratings on our company. 
 At December 31, 2022, our debt-to-equity ratio was 2.8 and our portfolio was comprised of 8.1 billion of commercial mortgage loans and 560.9 million of subordinate loans and other lending assets. In order to achieve our return on equity, we generally finance our mortgage loans with 2.0 to 3.0 turns of leverage and generally do not finance our subordinate loans and other lending assets given built-in inherent structural leverage. 
 Investment Guidelines 
 Our current investment guidelines, approved by our board of directors, are comprised of the following: 
 no investment will be made that would cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
 no investment will be made that would cause us to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act; 
 investments will be predominantly in our target assets; 
 no more than 20 of our net equity (on a consolidated basis) will be invested in any single investment at the time of the investment; in determining compliance with the investment guidelines, the amount of the investment is the net equity in the investment (gross investment less amount of third-party financing) plus the amount of any recourse on the financing secured by the investment; and 
 until appropriate investments can be identified, the Manager may invest the proceeds of any offering in interest bearing, short-term investments, including money market accounts and/or funds, that are consistent with our intention to qualify as a REIT. 

44 

The board of directors must approve any change in or waiver to these investment guidelines. 
 Dividends 
 We intend to continue to make regular quarterly distributions to holders of our common stock. U.S. federal income tax law generally requires that a REIT distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains, and that we pay tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that we annually distribute less than 100 of our net taxable income. We generally intend over time to pay dividends to our stockholders in an amount equal to our net taxable income, if and to the extent authorized by our board of directors. Any distributions we make are at the discretion of our board of directors and depend upon, among other things, our actual results of operations. These results and our ability to pay distributions are affected by various factors, including the net interest and other income from our portfolio, our operating expenses and any other expenditures. If our cash available for distribution is less than our net taxable income, we could be required to sell assets or borrow funds to make cash distributions or we may make a portion of the required distribution in the form of a taxable stock distribution or distribution of debt securities. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had 6,770,393 shares of our 7.25 Series B-1 Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share ("Series B-1 Preferred Stock") outstanding. The Series B-1 Preferred Stock pay cumulative cash dividends, which are payable quarterly in equal amounts in arrears on the 15th day of each January, April, July and October: at a rate of 7.25 per annum of the 25.00 per share liquidation preference. Except under certain limited circumstances, the Series B-1 Preferred Stock is generally not convertible into or exchangeable for any other property or any other of our securities at the election of the holders. On and after July 15, 2026, we may, at our option, redeem the shares at a redemption price of 25.00, plus any accrued unpaid dividends to, but not including, the date of the redemption. 
 The following table details our dividend activity: 
 Year ended Dividends declared per share of: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Common Stock 1.40 1.40 Series B Preferred Stock N/A 1.00 Series B-1 Preferred Stock 1.81 0.90 
 On July 15, 2021, we exchanged all 6,770,393 shares outstanding of our 8.00 Fixed-to-Floating Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share ("Series B Preferred Stock"), with a liquidation preference of 25.00 per share, for 6,770,393 shares of our Series B-1 Preferred Stock, with a liquidation preference of 25.00 per share, pursuant to an exchange agreement with the two existing shareholders. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Distributable Earnings 
 Distributable Earnings, a non-GAAP financial measure, is defined as net income available to common stockholders, computed in accordance with GAAP, adjusted for (i) equity-based compensation expense (a portion of which may become cash-based upon final vesting and settlement of awards should the holder elect net share settlement to satisfy income tax withholding), (ii) any unrealized gains or losses or other non-cash items (including depreciation and amortization related to real estate owned) included in net income available to common stockholder s, (iii) unrealized income from unconsolidated joint ventures, iv) foreign currency gains (losses), other than (a) realized gains/(losses) related to interest income, and (b) forward point gains/(losses) realized on our foreign currency hedges, (v) the non-cash amortization expense related to the reclassification of a portion of the Convertible Notes to stockholders equity in accordance with GAAP, and (vi) provision for loan losses. Distributable Earnings may also be adjusted to exclude certain other non-cash items, as determined by the Manager and approved by a majority of our independent directors. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 , our Distributable Earnings were 239.3 million, or 1.67 per share, as compared to 188.7 million , or 1.33 per share, for the prior year. 
 The weighted-average diluted shares outstanding used for Distributable Earnings per weighted-average diluted share has been adjusted from weighted-average diluted shares under GAAP to exclude shares issued from a potential conversion of the Convertible Notes. Consistent with the treatment of other unrealized adjustments to Distributable Earnings, these potentially issuable shares are excluded until a conversion occurs, which we believe is a useful presentation for investors. We believe that excluding shares issued in connection with a potential conversion of the Convertible Notes from our computation of Distributable Earnings per weighted average diluted share is useful to investors for various reasons, including the following: (i) conversion of Convertible Notes to shares requires both the holder of a note to elect to convert the Convertible Note and for us 

45 

to elect to settle the conversion in the form of shares (ii) future conversion decisions by note holders will be based on our stock price in the future, which is presently not determinable; (iii) the exclusion of shares issued in connection with a potential conversion of the Convertible Notes from the computation of Distributable Earnings per weighted-average diluted share is consistent with how we treat other unrealized items in our computation of Distributable Earnings per weighted-average diluted share; and (iv) we believe that when evaluating our operating performance, investors and potential investors consider our Distributable Earnings relative to our actual distributions, which are based on shares outstanding and not shares that might be issued in the future. 
 The table below summarizes the reconciliation from weighted-average diluted shares under GAAP to the weighted-average diluted shares used for Distributable Earnings: 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Weighted-Averages Shares Shares Diluted shares - GAAP 165,504,660 168,402,515 Potential shares issued under conversion of the Convertible Notes (22,314,191) (28,533,271) Unvested RSUs 2,456,409 Diluted shares - Distributable Earnings 143,190,469 142,325,653 
 As a REIT, U.S. federal income tax law generally requires us to distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains, and that we pay tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that we annually distribute less than 100 of our net taxable income. Given these requirements and our belief that dividends are generally one of the principal reasons stockholders invest in a REIT, we generally intend over time to pay dividends to our stockholders in an amount equal to our net taxable income, if and to the extent authorized by our board of directors. Distributable Earnings is a key factor considered by the board of directors in setting the dividend and as such we believe Distributable Earnings is useful to investors. 
 As discussed in "Note 5 Assets and Liabilities Related to Real Estate Owned", during the year ended December 31, 2022 , we recorded a 43.6 million realized gain on investments reflecting the difference between the fair value of a multifamily development property located in Brooklyn, NY acquired through a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure and the amortized cost of the loan at the time of foreclosure. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022 , we recorded a 17.9 million realized loss representing a write-off of a previously recorded Specific CECL Allowance on an urban predevelopment first mortgage loan and a 7.0 million realized loss on a first mortgage secured by a hotel property, representing a write-off of a previously recorded Specific CECL Allowance related to a first mortgage loan in maturity default. Refer to "Note 4 - Commercial Mortgage Loans, Subordinate Loans and Other Lending Assets, Net" for additional information. 
 As discussed in "Note 5 Assets and Liabilities Related to Real Estate Owned" during the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded 20.0 million realized loss on investments reflecting the difference between the fair value of a hotel acquired through a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure and the amortized cost of the loan at the time of foreclosure. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded an impairment of 0.6 million on our real estate owned, held for sale due to increased costs to sell. 
 We believe it is useful to our investors t o present Distributable Earnings prior to realized gains (losses) and impairments on real estate owned and investments to reflect our operating results because (i) our operating results are primarily comprised of earning interest income on our investments net of borrowing and administrative costs, which comprise our ongoing operations and (ii) it has been a useful factor related to our dividend per share because it is one of the considerations when a dividend is determined . We believe that our investors use Distributable Earnings and Distributable Earnings prior to realized gains losses) and impairments on real estate owned and investments, or a comparable supplemental performance measure, to evaluate and compare the performance of our company and our peers. 
 A significant limitation associated with Distributable Earnings as a measure of our financial performance over any period is that it excludes unrealized gains (losses) from investments. In addition, our presentation of Distributable Earnings may not be comparable to similarly-titled measures of other companies, that use different calculations. As a result, Distributable Earnings should not be considered as a substitute for our GAAP net income as a measure of our financial performance or any measure of our liquidity under GAAP. Distributable Earnings are reduced for realized losses on loans which include losses that management believes are near certain to be realized. 
 The table below summarizes the reconciliation from net income available to common stockholders to Distributable Earnings and Distributable Earnings prior to realized gains losses) and impairments on real estate owned and investments in thousands): 

46 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income available to common stockholders 252,960 210,551 Adjustments: Equity-based compensation expense 18,252 17,633 Gain on foreign currency forwards (146,981) (41,674) Foreign currency loss, net 116,399 31,687 Unrealized gain on interest rate cap (7,692) (1,314) Realized gains (losses) relating to interest income on foreign currency hedges, net 14,080 (1,342) Realized gains relating to forward points on foreign currency hedges, net 9,195 1,994 Amortization of the convertible senior notes related to equity reclassification 3,272 Depreciation and amortization on real estate owned 704 2,645 Decrease in current expected credit loss allowance, net (17,623) (34,773) Realized (gains) losses and impairments on real estate owned and investments (18,683) 21,317 Total adjustments: (32,349) (555) Distributable Earnings prior to realized gains (losses) and impairments on real estate owned and investments 220,611 209,996 Realized gains (losses) and impairments on real estate owned and investments 18,683 (21,317) Distributable Earnings 239,294 188,679 Diluted Distributable Earnings per share prior to realized gains (losses) and impairments on real estate owned and investments 1.54 1.48 Diluted Distributable Earnings per share of common stock 1.67 1.33 Weighted-average diluted shares - Distributable Earnings 143,190,469 142,325,653 
 
 Book Value Per Share 
 
 The table below calculates our book value per share in thousands, except per share data): 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Stockholders' Equity 2,354,504 2,294,626 Series B-1 Preferred Stock (Liquidation Preference) (169,260) (169,260) Common Stockholders' Equity 2,185,244 2,125,366 Common Stock 140,595,995 139,894,060 Book value per share 15.54 15.19 
 The table below shows the changes in our book value per share: 
 Book value per share Book value per share at December 31, 2021 15.19 General CECL Allowance and depreciation and amortization 0.28 Book value per share at December 31, 2021 prior to General CECL Allowance 15.47 Earnings in excess of dividends 0.15 Net realized gain on investments 0.13 Net gain on currency and interest rate hedges (1) 
 0.09 Net decrease in Specific CECL Allowance 0.08 Vesting and delivery of RSUs (0.12) Adoption of ASU 2020-06 (0.02) Book value per share at December 31, 2022 prior to General CECL Allowance and depreciation and amortization 
 15.78 General CECL Allowance and depreciation and amortization (0.24) 

47 

Book value per share at December 31, 2022 
 15.54 
 
 (1) Includes net unrealized gain on forward currency contracts and interest hedges, and realized gain on forward currency contracts related to principal outside impact of forward points 
 
 We believe that presenting book value per share with sub-totals prior to the CECL Allowances and depreciation and amortization is useful for investors for various reasons, including, among other things, analyzing our compliance with financial covenants related to tangible net worth and debt-to-equity under our secured debt arrangements and Term Loans, which permit us to add the General CECL Allowance to our GAAP stockholders' equity. Given that our lenders consider book value per share prior to the General CECL Allowance as an important metric related to our debt covenants, we believe disclosing book value per share prior to the General CECL Allowance is important to investors such that they have the same visibility. We further believe that presenting book value before depreciation and amortization is useful to investors since it is a non-cash expense included in net income and is not representative of our core business and ongoing operations. 

48 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We seek to manage our risks related to the credit quality of our assets, interest rates, liquidity, prepayment speeds, and market value, while, at the same time, seeking to provide an opportunity to stockholders to realize attractive risk-adjusted returns through ownership of our capital stock. While risks are inherent in any business enterprise, we seek to quantify and justify risks in light of available returns and to maintain capital levels consistent with the risks we undertake. 
 Credit Risk 
 One of our strategic focuses is acquiring assets that we believe to be of high credit quality. We believe this strategy will generally keep our credit losses and financing costs low. However, we are subject to varying degrees of credit risk in connection with our other target assets. We seek to mitigate this risk by seeking to acquire high quality assets, at appropriate prices given anticipated and unanticipated losses, and by deploying a value-driven approach to underwriting and diligence, consistent with the Manager s historical investment strategy, with a focus on current cash flows and potential risks to cash flow. The Manager seeks to enhance its due diligence and underwriting efforts by accessing the Manager s knowledge base and industry contacts. Nevertheless, unanticipated credit losses could occur, which could adversely impact our operating results. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including fiscal and monetary policies, and domestic and international economic and political considerations, as well as other factors beyond our control. We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with our target assets and our related financing obligations. 
 To the extent consistent with maintaining our REIT qualification, we seek to manage risk exposure to protect our portfolio of financial assets against the effects of major interest rate changes. We generally seek to manage this risk by: 
 attempting to structure our financing agreements to have a range of different maturities, terms, amortizations and interest rate adjustment periods; 
 using hedging instruments and interest rate swaps, when we deem appropriate; and 
 to the extent available and appropriate, using securitization financing to better match the maturity of our financing with the duration of our assets. 
 The following table estimates the hypothetical impact on our net interest income for the twelve-month period following December 31, 2022, assuming an immediate increase or decrease of 50 basis points in the applicable interest rate benchmark by currency in thousands, except per share data): 
 50 basis point increase 50 basis point decrease Currency Net floating rate assets subject to interest rate sensitivity 
 Increase to net interest income (1)(2) 
 Increase to net interest income (per share) (1)(2) 
 Decrease to net interest income (1)(2) 
 Decrease to net interest income (per share) (1)(2) 
 USD 822,564 5,665 0.04 (5,115) (0.04) GBP 708,076 3,540 0.03 (3,540) (0.03) EUR 449,527 2,248 0.02 (2,248) (0.02) SEK 49,613 248 (248) Total: 2,029,780 11,701 0.09 (11,151) (0.09) 
 
 (1) Any such hypothetical impact on interest rates on our variable rate borrowings does not consider the effect of any change in overall economic activity that could occur in a rising or falling interest rate environment. Further, in the event of a change in interest rates of that magnitude, we may take actions to further mitigate our exposure to such a change. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, this analysis assumes no changes in our financial structure. 
 (2) Certain of our floating rate loans are subject to index floors. 
 Prepayment Risk 
 Prepayment risk is the risk that principal will be repaid at a different rate than anticipated, causing the return on an asset to be less than expected. In certain cases, we adapt to prepayment risk by stating prepayment penalties in loan agreements. 
 Market Risk 
 Commercial mortgage assets are subject to volatility and may be affected adversely by a number of factors, including, but 

49 

not limited to, national, regional and local economic conditions (which may be adversely affected by industry slowdowns and other factors); local real estate conditions; changes or continued weakness in specific industry segments; construction quality, age and design; demographic factors; retroactive changes to building or similar codes; pandemics; natural disasters and other acts of god. In addition, decreases in property values reduce the value of the collateral and the potential proceeds available to a borrower to repay the underlying loans or loans, as the case may be, which could also cause us to suffer losses. Market volatility has been particularly heightened due to the COVID-19 pandemic. COVID-19 and its variants have disrupted economic activities and could have a continued significant adverse effect on economic and market conditions including rising inflation, increases in interest rates, limited lending from financial institutions, depressed asset values, and limited market liquidity. 
 Inflation 
 Virtually all of our assets and liabilities are interest rate sensitive in nature. As a result, interest rates and other factors influence our performance far more so than does inflation. Changes in interest rates do not necessarily correlate with inflation rates or changes in inflation rates. Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP and distributions are determined by our board of directors consistent with our obligation to distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, excluding net capital gains and determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction, on an annual basis in order to maintain our REIT qualification. In each case, our activities and balance sheets are measured with reference to historical cost and/or fair market value without considering inflation. 
 Currency Risk 
 Some of our loans and secured debt arrangements are denominated in a foreign currency and subject to risks related to fluctuations in currency rates. We seek to mitigate this exposure through foreign currency forward contracts, which match the net principal and interest of our foreign currency loans and secured debt arrangements. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 (PCAOB ID NO. 
 51 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 2021 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 2021 , and 2021 
 56 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 2 02 1 
 58 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 59 
 Schedule Schedule IV Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 
 92 
 
 All other schedules are omitted because they are not required or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

50 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. 
 New York, New York 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 8 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate 

51 

because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Current Expected Credit Losses CECL Allowance Estimation of Economic Conditions Refer to Notes 2 and 4 to the Financial Statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company estimates its CECL allowance primarily using the Weighted Average Remaining Maturity WARM method, which has been identified as an acceptable approach for computing current expected credit losses. In determining the CECL allowance, the Company considers various factors including (i) historical loss experience in the commercial real estate lending market, (ii) timing of expected repayments and satisfactions, (iii) expected future funding, (iv) capital subordinate to the Company when they are the senior lender, (v) capital senior to the Company when they are the subordinate lender, and (vi) the Company s current and future view of the macroeconomic environment. Management s estimation of the current and future economic conditions that may impact the performance of the commercial real estate assets securing the Company s assets include the unemployment rate, commercial real estate prices, and market liquidity. The Company uses projections, obtained from third-party service providers, of each factor to approximate the impact the macroeconomic outlook may have on the loss rate. 
 We identified the macroeconomic factors within the CECL allowance as a critical audit matter because of the subjectivity, complexity and estimation uncertainty in determining the impact of the factors on the Company s loss rate. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate whether the macroeconomic factors determined by management reasonably and appropriately quantify the current and future macroeconomic risks associated with the Company s portfolio. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures to assess the macroeconomic factors applied by management to the CECL allowance to account for current and future economic conditions included, among others: 
 We tested the operating effectiveness of controls over management s review of the CECL allowance, including management s judgments involved in the determination of the macroeconomic factors applied to the loss rate. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of the methodology and significant assumptions used to develop the macroeconomic factors by considering relevant industry trends and economic conditions, including whether the methodology and significant assumptions were appropriate and consistent with what market participants would use. 
 We tested the accuracy and completeness of quantitative data used by management to estimate the current and future view of macroeconomic conditions. 
 CECL Allowance Estimation of Fair Value of Underlying Collateral of Loans Exhibiting Signs of Financial Difficulty Refer to Notes 2 and 4 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 For loans where the Company deems the borrower or sponsor to be experiencing financial difficulty, the Company has elected to apply a practical expedient in accordance with the CECL standard. In accordance with the practical expedient approach, the loan loss provision is determined to be the difference between the fair value of the underlying collateral and the carrying value of the loan prior to the loan loss allowance. Significant judgments are required in determining the loan loss provision, including estimates and assumptions regarding the value of the underlying collateral and other estimates. 
 We identified the estimation of the fair value of the underlying collateral of loans as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions required by management to evaluate the Company s fair value analysis. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimate of the provision for loan loss. 

52 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the determination of the fair value for those assets in which the borrower or sponsor exhibit signs of financial difficulty as part of estimation of the CECL allowance included the following, among others: 
 We tested the operating effectiveness of controls over management s review of the fair value analysis including controls over management s review of the assumptions used within the fair value analysis including, but not limited to, discount rate and capitalization rate and the inputs used within the fair value analysis. These inputs include, but are not limited to, debt service coverage ratio, occupancy, and microeconomic and macroeconomic conditions that could impact the property. 
 We evaluated the Company s determination of fair value by performing the following: 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the (1) valuation methodology; (2) significant assumptions made, including whether the significant inputs used in the model were appropriate and consistent with what market participants would use to value the collateral; and (3) mathematical accuracy of the overall valuation model 
 We tested the underlying data used to develop the fair value to determine that the information used in the analysis was accurate and complete 
 We performed a sensitivity analysis when deemed necessary based on results of other audit procedures performed for comparison to the Company s fair value analysis 
 We considered whether events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date but before the completion of the audit affect the conclusions reached on the fair value measures and disclosures 
 
 /s/ 

February 8, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2009. 

53 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands except share data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Commercial mortgage loans, net (1)(3) 
 Subordinate loans and other lending assets, net (2)(3) 
 Real estate owned, held for investment, net (net of accumulated depreciation in 2021) 
 Assets related to real estate owned, held for sale Derivative assets, net Other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Liabilities: Secured debt arrangements, net Senior secured term loans, net Senior secured notes, net Convertible senior notes, net Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities (4) 
 Debt related to real estate owned, held for investment, net Participations sold Payable to related party Liabilities related to real estate owned, held for sale Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (see Note 17) Stockholders Equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, Series B-1, shares issued and outstanding liquidation preference) in 2022 and 2021 (see Note 16) 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding in 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Stockholders Equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 
 (1) and pledged as collateral under secured debt arrangements in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) and pledged as collateral under secured debt arrangements in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (3) and CECL Allowance in 2022 and 2021, respectively, comprised of and Specific CECL Allowance and and General CECL Allowance, respectively. 
 (4) and of General CECL Allowance related to unfunded commitments on commercial mortgage loans, subordinate loans and other lending assets, net in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

54 

Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations 
 (in thousands except share and per share data) 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net interest income: Interest income from commercial mortgage loans Interest income from subordinate loans and other lending assets Interest expense ) ) ) Net interest income Revenue from real estate owned operations Total net revenue Operating expenses: General and administrative expenses (includes equity-based compensation of , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively) 
 ) ) ) Management fees to related party ) ) ) Operating expenses related to real estate owned ) ) Depreciation and amortization on real estate owned ) ) Total operating expenses ) ) ) Other income Realized gain (loss) on investments ) ) Decrease (increase) in current expected credit loss allowance, net 
 ) Realized losses and impairments on real estate owned ) Foreign currency translation gain (loss) ) ) Gain on foreign currency forward contracts (includes unrealized gains (losses) of , and ) in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively) 
 ) Gain (loss) on interest rate hedging instruments (includes unrealized gains of , , and 
 ) Net income Preferred dividends ) ) ) Net income available to common stockholders Net income per share of common stock: Basic Diluted Basic weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding Diluted weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding Dividend declared per share of common stock 

55 

Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands except share and per share data) 

Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In-Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Shares Par Shares Par Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Adoption of ASU 2016-13, see Note 2 ) ) Capital increase related to Equity Incentive Plan Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Net income Dividends declared on preferred stock - per share 
 ) ) Dividends declared on common stock - per share 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Capital increase related to Equity Incentive Plan Offering costs ) ) Retirement of Series B Preferred Stock ) ) ) Issuance of Series B-1 Preferred Stock Net income Dividends declared on preferred stock - per share 
 ) ) Dividends declared on common stock - per share 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Adoption of ASU 2020-06, see Note 2 ) ) Capital increase related to Equity Incentive Plan Net income Dividends declared on preferred stock - per share 
 ) ) Dividends declared on common stock - per share 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 

56 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 57 

Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows provided by operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Amortization of discount/premium and payment-in-kind interest ) ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Equity-based compensation Increase (decrease) in current expected credit loss allowance, net ) ) Foreign currency (gain) loss ) Unrealized (gain) loss on derivative instruments ) ) Depreciation and amortization Loss from unconsolidated joint venture Realized (gain) loss and impairments on investments and real estate owned ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Proceeds received from payment-in-kind interest Other assets ) ) Origination of subordinate loan, held for sale ) Sale of subordinate loan, held for sale Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Payable to related party ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows used in investing activities: New funding of commercial mortgage loans ) ) ) Add-on funding of commercial mortgage loans ) ) ) Add-on funding of subordinate loans and other lending assets ) ) ) Proceeds received from the repayment and sale of commercial mortgage loans Proceeds received from the repayment of subordinate loans and other lending assets Origination and exit fees received on commercial mortgage loans, and subordinate loans and other lending assets, net Proceeds received from the sale of real estate owned, held for sale Capital expenditures on real estate assets ) ) Cash received from hotel title assumption Increase in collateral related to derivative contracts, net ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows provided by financing activities: Payment of offering costs ) Repurchase of common stock ) Proceeds from secured debt arrangements Repayments of secured debt arrangements ) ) ) Repayments of senior secured term loan principal ) ) ) Repayments of convertible notes ) Proceeds from issuance of senior secured term loan Proceeds from issuance of senior secured notes Proceeds from participations sold Repayment of debt related to real estate owned ) Proceeds related to financing on real estate owned Payment of deferred financing costs ) ) ) Other financing activities ) ) ) Dividends on common stock ) ) ) Dividends on preferred stock ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) 

Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued) 
 (in thousands) 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, including cash classified within assets related to real estate owned, held for sale ) ) Less increase in cash classified within assets related to real estate owned, held for sale ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Effects of foreign currency translation on cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest paid Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: Dividend declared, not yet paid Change in participation sold ) Change in loan proceeds held by servicer ) Deferred financing costs, not yet paid Transfer of proceeds borrowed under secured credit facilities to Barclays Private Securitization Restructuring of subordinate loan to commercial mortgage loan Repayments of payment-in-kind on participation sold ) Assumption of real estate Assumption of debt related to real estate owned ) Assumption of other assets related to real estate owned Assumption of accounts payable and other liabilities related to real estate owned ) Transfer of assets to assets related to real estate owned, held for sale Transfer of liabilities to liabilities related to real estate owned, held for sale Transfer of subordinate loans to real estate owned ) Retirement of Series B Preferred Stock ) Issuance of Series B-1 Preferred Stock 
 58 

Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 1 
 
 Note 2 
 We currently operate in reporting segment. 

Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
 59 

of the venture s equity and we contributed . The entity was deemed to be a VIE and we determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of that VIE as we do not have the power to direct the entity's activities. See further discussion in "Note 4 Commercial Mortgage, Subordinate Loans and Other Lending Assets, Net." 
 In October 2020, we entered a joint venture with CCOF Design Venture, LLC ("CCOF"), which owns the underlying properties that secured our first mortgage loan. The entity in which we own an interest, and which owns the underlying properties was deemed to be a VIE and we determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of that VIE as we do not have the power to direct the entities activities. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the underlying properties were sold to a third party and proceeds of the sale were distributed to the joint venture partners. The joint venture is expected to be dissolved in the first quarter of 2023. 
 Risks and Uncertainties 
 Although more normalized activities have resumed and there has been improved global economic activity due to global and domestic vaccination efforts, there are still various uncertainties around the impact COVID-19 and its variants will have on our business and the economy as a whole, including longer-term macroeconomic effects on supply chains, inflation and labor shortages. For example, in response to recent inflationary pressure, the U.S. Federal Reserve and other global central banks have raised interest rates in 2022 and have indicated likely further interest rate increases. We believe the estimates used in preparing our financial statements and related footnotes are reasonable and supportable based on the best information available to us as of December 31, 2022. The uncertainty over the ultimate impact of COVID-19 and its variants, supply chain disruptions and labor shortages, rising inflation and increases in interest rates on the global economy generally and our business in particular may materially impact the accuracy of the estimates and assumptions used in the financial statements and related footnotes and, as a result, actual results may vary significantly from estimates. 
 
 . As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had restricted cash on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were loans classified as held for sale on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 60 

At adoption, the General CECL Allowance was million and was recorded in our consolidated statement of changes in stockholders equity. 
 61 

years for buildings and up to years for furniture, fixtures and equipment. Renovations and/or replacements that improve or extend the life of the real estate asset are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives. The cost of ordinary repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. For real estate projects under development, we capitalize costs incurred to prepare the property for its intended use in accordance with ASC Topic 970, "Real Estate General." Such costs can include costs related to acquisition, construction, financing, development and real estate taxes. 
 
 Real Estate Owned, Held for Sale 
 
 Real estate owned is classified as held for sale in the period in which the six criteria under ASC Topic 360, "Property, Plant, and Equipment" are met: (1) we commit to a plan and have the authority to sell the asset; (2) the asset is available for sale in its current condition; (3) we have initiated an active marketing plan to locate a buyer for the asset; (4) the sale of the asset is both probable and expected to qualify for full sales recognition within a period of 12 months; (5) the asset is being actively marketed for sale at a price that is reflective of its current fair value; and (6) we do not anticipate changes to our plan to sell the asset. Real estate owned, held for sale is held at the lower of cost or fair market value. Once a real estate asset is classified as held for sale, depreciation expense is no longer recorded. 
 
 At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had million of capitalized financing costs, net of amortization, included as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of our debt. 
 62 

63 

64 

million. 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04 "Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting" ("ASU 2020-04"). ASU 2020-04 provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to debt instruments, derivatives, and other contracts that reference London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") or other reference rates expected to be discontinued as a result of reference rate reform. In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06 "Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) - Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848" ("ASU 2022-06"), which defers the expiration of ASC 848 from December 31, 2022, to December 31, 2024. We have loan agreements, debt agreements, and an interest rate cap that incorporate LIBOR as a referenced interest rate. It is difficult to predict what effect, if any, the phase-out of LIBOR and the use of alternative benchmarks may have on our business or on the overall financial markets. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we have adopted optional expedients per ASU 2020-04 for certain of our commercial mortgage loans and debt agreements denominated in British Pound Sterling ("GBP") and Euro ("EUR") with contracts that reference GBP LIBOR and EUR LIBOR, respectively. As prescribed by the optional expedients within ASU 2020-04, we have accounted for applicable modified contracts that incorporate alternative benchmarks as if they are not substantially different. We will continue to evaluate the possible adoption of any such expedients or exceptions for certain of our commercial mortgage loans and debt agreements denominated in USD. 
 In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02 "Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures" ("ASU 2022-02"). The intention of ASU 2022-02 is to simplify the guidance surrounding loan modifications and restructurings and to eliminate the accounting guidance related to troubled debt restructurings ("TDR"). The new guidance deviates from TDR guidance as disclosures are now based on whether a modification or restructuring with a borrower experiencing financial difficulty results in principal forgiveness, an interest rate reduction, other-than-insignificant payment delay or term extension as opposed to simply a concession. The new guidance requires disclosure by class of financing receivables, of the types of modifications, the financial effects of those modifications and the performance of those modified receivables in the trailing twelve months after modification. Accounting for credit losses under ASC 326 "Financial Instruments Credit Losses", is also updated to allow entities to use any acceptable method to determine credit losses as a result of modification or restructuring with a borrower experiencing financial difficulty. ASU 2022-02 also requires disclosure of gross write-offs recorded in the current period, on a year-to-date basis, by year of origination in the vintage disclosures. ASU 2022-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. Entities are able to early adopt these amendments, including adoption in an interim period, and have the ability to early adopt the TDR enhancements separately from the vintage disclosures. If an entity adopts the amendments in an interim period, the guidance should be applied as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes the interim period. During the third quarter of 2022, we have early adopted the TDR enhancements and new vintage disclosure requirements under of ASU 2022-02. Refer to "Note 4 -Commercial Mortgage Loans, Subordinate Loans and Other Lending Assets, Net." 
 
 Note 3 
 65 

Interest rate cap asset Total financial instruments 
 
 Non-recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 
 We are required to record real estate owned, a nonfinancial asset, at fair value on a non-recurring basis in accordance with GAAP. The fair value of real estate owned is determined by using the market approach, which utilizes the fair value of similar assets and liabilities in the market place, as well as, when necessary, the use of third-party valuation experts. We deem the inputs used in our approach to be significant unobservable inputs. As such the fair value of real estate owned falls within Level III of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 On August 3, 2022, we acquired legal title of a multifamily development property through a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure. We determined the fair value of the real estate assumed to be million, based on the market value of the land at the time acquisition. No impairments have been recorded as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 On May 24, 2021, we acquired legal title to a full-service luxury hotel through a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, which is 
 classified as real estate owned on our consolidated balance sheets. We assumed the hotel s assets and liabilities, including a 
 million mortgage loan. We repaid the mortgage loan at par and now hold the property unlevered. 
 
 At the time of acquisition, we determined the fair value of the real estate assets to be million. No impairments have 
 been recorded as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 . 
 66 

Note 4 
 Subordinate loans and other lending assets, net Carrying value, net 
 
 (1) Includes million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, of contiguous financing structured as subordinate loans. 
 
 Our loan portfolio consisted of floating rate loans, based on amortized cost, as of each of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 ) ) New funding of loans Add-on loan fundings (3) 
 Loan repayments and sales ) ) (Loss) gain on foreign currency translation ) ) Decrease in Specific CECL Allowance, net Realized (loss) on investment ) ) ) Transfer to real estate owned ) ) ) Deferred fees and other items ) ) Payment-in-kind interest and amortization of fees December 31, 2022 ) ) General CECL Allowance (4) 
 ) Carrying value, net 
 
 (1) Other items primarily consist of purchase discounts or premiums, cost recovery interest, exit fees, deferred origination expenses, and the activity of unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 (2) December 31, 2021 carrying value excludes General CECL Allowance of million. 
 (3) Represents fundings committed prior to 2022. 
 (4) million of the General CECL Allowance is excluded from this table because it relates to unfunded commitments and has been recorded as a liability under accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. 

Principal balance Carrying value, net Unfunded loan commitments (1) 
 Weighted-average cash coupon (2) 
 Weighted-average remaining fully-extended term (3) 
 years years Weighted-average expected term (4) 
 years years 
 
 (1) Unfunded loan commitments are funded to finance construction costs, tenant improvements, leasing commissions, or carrying costs. These future commitments are funded over the term of each loan, subject in certain cases to an expiration date. 
 (2) For floating rate loans, based on applicable benchmark rates as of the specified dates. For loans placed on non-accrual the interest rate used in 
 67 

. 
 (3) Assumes all extension options are exercised. 
 (4) Expected term represents our estimated timing of repayments as of the specified dates. Excludes risk-rated 5 loans. 
 
 Property Type 
 Office Residential Retail Healthcare Mixed Use Industrial Other (2) 
 Total General CECL Allowance (3) 
 ) ) Carrying value, net 
 
 (1) Percentage of portfolio calculations are made prior to consideration of General CECL Allowance. 
 (2) Other property types include parking garages ), caravan parks and urban predevelopment in 2022, and parking garages ), caravan parks ), multifamily development ), and urban predevelopment in 2021. 
 (3) million and million of the General CECL Allowance for 2022 and 2021, respectively, is excluded from this table because it relates to unfunded commitments and has been recorded as a liability under accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Geography 
 The table below details the geographic distribution of the properties securing the loans in our portfolio at the dates indicated in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Geographic Location Carrying Value of Portfolio (1) 
 Carrying Value of 
 Portfolio (1) 
 United Kingdom New York City Other Europe (2) 
 Southeast Midwest West Other (3) 
 Total General CECL Allowance (4) 
 ) ) Carrying value, net 
 
 (1) Percentage of portfolio calculations are made prior to consideration of General CECL Allowance. 
 (2) Other Europe includes Italy ), Germany ), Spain ), Sweden and Ireland in 2022 and Germany ), Sweden ), Spain ), Italy ), and Ireland in 2021. 
 (3) Other includes Northeast ), Southwest ), Mid-Atlantic and Other in 2022 and Southwest ), Mid-Atlantic ), Northeast ), and Other in 2021. 
 (4) million and million of the General CECL Allowance for 2022 and 2021, respectively, is excluded from this table because it relates to unfunded commitments and has been recorded as a liability under accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 68 

2 3 4 5 Total General CECL Allowance (1) 
 ) Total carrying value, net Weighted Average Risk Rating Gross write-offs 

December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost by Year Originated Risk Rating Number of Loans Total of Portfolio 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior 1 2 3 4 5 Total General CECL Allowance (1) 
 ) Total carrying value, net Weighted Average Risk Rating Gross write-offs 
 
 (1) million and million of the General CECL Allowance for 2022 and 2021, respectively, is excluded from the tables above because it relates to unfunded commitments and has been recorded as a liability under accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in our consolidated balance 
 69 

CECL 
 In accordance with ASU 2016-13 "Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) - Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments", which we refer to as the "CECL Standard", we record allowances for loans and held-to-maturity debt securities that are deducted from the carrying amount of the assets to present the net carrying value of the amounts expected to be collected on the assets. We record loan specific allowances as a practical expedient under the CECL Standard ("Specific CECL Allowance"), which we apply to assets that are collateral dependent and where the borrower or sponsor is experiencing financial difficulty. For the remainder of the portfolio, we record a general allowance ("General CECL Allowance", and together with the Specific CECL Allowance, "CECL Allowances"), in accordance with the CECL Standard on a collective basis by assets with similar risk characteristics. We have elected to use the weighted average remaining maturity ("WARM") method in determining a General CECL Allowance for a majority of our portfolio. In the future, we may use other acceptable methods, such as a probability-of-default/loss-given-default method. 
 Changes: Allowances (Reversals) ) ) Write-offs ) ) December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) Loans evaluated for Specific CECL Allowance are excluded from General CECL Allowance pool 
 
 Specific CECL Allowance (1) 
 General CECL Allowance Total CECL Allowance CECL Allowance as of Amortized Cost (1) 
 Funded Unfunded Total General Total December 31, 2020 Changes: Reversals ) ) ) ) ) Write-offs ) ) December 31, 2021 
 
 (1) Loans evaluated for Specific CECL Allowance are excluded from General CECL Allowance pool 
 
 For information on General and Specific CECL allowance changes during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, see below. 
 
 General CECL Allowance 
 In determining the General CECL Allowance using the WARM method, an annual historical loss rate, adjusted for macroeconomic estimates, is applied to the amortized cost of an asset, or pool of assets, over each subsequent period for the assets' remaining expected life. We considered various factors including (i) historical loss experience in the commercial real estate lending market, (ii) timing of expected repayments and satisfactions, (iii) expected future funding, (iv) capital subordinate to us when we are the senior lender, (v) capital senior to us when we are the subordinate lender, and (vi) our current and future view of the macroeconomic environment for a reasonable and supportable forecast period. The CECL Standard requires the use of significant judgment to arrive at an estimated credit loss. There is significant uncertainty related to future macroeconomic conditions as the result of COVID-19, including inflation, labor shortages and interest rates. 
 
 We derived an annual historical loss rate based on a commercial mortgage-backed securities ("CMBS") database with historical losses from 1998 through the fourth quarter of 2022 provided by a third party, Trepp LLC. We applied various filters 
 70 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively), included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets, from the amortized cost basis of the related commercial mortgage loans and subordinate loans and other lending assets in determining the General CECL Allowance, as any uncollectible accrued interest receivable is written off in a timely manner. 
 Although our secured debt obligations and senior secured term loan financing have a minimum tangible net worth maintenance covenant, the General CECL Allowance has no impact on these covenants as we are permitted to add back the General CECL Allowance for the computation of tangible net worth as defined in the respective agreements. 
 Subordinate loans and other lending assets, net Unfunded commitments (1) 
 Total General CECL Allowance 
 
 (1) The General CECL Allowance on unfunded commitments is recorded as a liability on our consolidated balance sheets within accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities. 
 
 Our General CECL allowance decreased by million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease was primarily related to portfolio seasoning and changes in expected loan repayment dates. The decrease was partially offset by a more adverse macroeconomic outlook. 
 
 Our General CECL Allowance decreased by million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily related to portfolio seasoning and improved macroeconomic outlook, which was partially offset by new loan originations. 
 Specific CECL Allowance 
 For collateral-dependent loans where we have deemed the borrower/sponsor to be experiencing financial difficulty, we have elected to apply a practical expedient in accordance with the CECL Standard in which the fair value of the underlying collateral is compared to the amortized cost of the loan in determining a Specific CECL Allowance. The Specific CECL Allowance is determined as the difference between the fair value of the underlying collateral and the carrying value of the loan (prior to the Specific CECL Allowance). When the repayment or satisfaction of a loan is dependent on a sale, rather than operations, of the collateral, the fair value is adjusted for the estimated cost to sell the collateral. Collateral-dependent loans evaluated for a Specific CECL Allowance are removed from the General CECL pool. The fair value of the underlying collateral is determined by using method(s) such as discounted cash flow, the market approach, or direct capitalization approach. The key unobservable inputs used to determine the fair value of the underlying collateral may vary depending on the information available to us and market conditions as of the valuation date. 
 71 

Non-Accrual/ 10/1/2019 5 Hotel (3) 
 Atlanta, GA Non-Accrual/ 5/1/2022 5 Mortgage total: Mezzanine Residential (4) 
 Manhattan, NY Non-Accrual/ 7/1/2021 5 Mezzanine total: Total: 
 
 (1) The fair value of retail collateral was determined by applying a capitalization rate of . 
 (2) In September 2018, we entered a joint venture with Turner Consulting II, LLC ("Turner Consulting"), through an entity which owns the underlying property that secures our loan. Turner Consulting contributed of the venture s equity and we contributed . The entity was deemed to be a VIE and we determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of that VIE as we do not have the power to direct the entity's activities. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively of interest paid was applied towards reducing the carrying value of the loan. The related profit and loss from the joint venture was immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (3) The fair value of the hotel collateral was determined by applying a capitalization rate of and a discount rate of . During the year ended December 31, 2022, million of interest paid was applied towards reducing the carrying value of the loan. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we wrote off the previously recorded Specific CECL Allowance and reduced the principal balance of the loan by million, which was recorded as a realized loss within realized gain (loss) on investments in our December 31, 2022 consolidated statement of operations. 
 (4) The fair value of the residential collateral was determined by making certain projections and assumptions with respect to future performance and a discount rate of . 
 We cease accruing interest on loans if we deem the interest to be uncollectible with any previously accrued uncollected interest on the loan charged to interest income in the same period. The amortized cost basis for loans on non-accrual was million an d million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , respectively. Under certain circumstances, we may apply the cost recovery method under which interest collected on a loan reduces the loan's amortized cost. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we receive d million and million, respectively, i n interest that reduced amort ized cost under the cost recovery method. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amortized cost basis for loans with accrued interest past due 90 or more days was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there were no loans with accrued interest between 30 and 89 days past due. As of December 31, 2021, the amortized cost basis for loans with accrued interest between 30 and 89 days past due was million. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2022, we refinanced our mezzanine loans, and originated a commercial mortgage loan as part of an overall recapitalization. All of the loans are secured by an ultra-luxury residential property in Manhattan, NY. These loans have an aggregate amortized cost at December 31, 2022 of million (inclusive of million of payment- in-kind interest). As of December 31, 2022, these loans include (i) a million commercial mortgage loan Senior Loan ), (ii) a million senior mezzanine loan Senior Mezzanine Loan ), (iii) a million junior mezzanine loan Junior Mezzanine A Loan ), and (iv) a million junior mezzanine loan (net of a million Specific CECL Allowance) Junior Mezzanine B Loan together with the Junior Mezzanine A Loan collectively referred to as Junior Mezzanine Loan ). 
 72 

to SOFR+ on the Senior Mezzanine Loan, from LIBOR+ to SOFR+ on the Junior Mezzanine A Loan, and from LIBOR+ to SOFR+ on the Junior Mezzanine B Loan. We also extended the term on all loans from July 2022 to September 2024. Based on our analysis under ASC 310-20 Receivables Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs ASC 310-20 ), we have deemed this refinance to be a continuation of our existing loans. We opted to cease accruing interest on the Junior Mezzanine A Loan and Junior Mezzanine B Loan as of July 1, 2021 based on a waterfall sharing arrangement with a subordinate capital provider. We will continue to not accrue interest on the Junior Mezzanine Loan following this refinancing. 
 In accordance with ASC 326 and adoption of ASU 2022-02, we have classified the refinancing of the Senior Mezzanine Loan and Junior Mezzanine Loan as an interest rate reduction and term extension. The aggregate amortized cost of the Senior Mezzanine Loan and Junior Mezzanine Loan as of December 31, 2022 totaled million, or of our aggregate commercial mortgage loans and subordinate loans and other lending assets by amortized cost. As of March 31, 2022, sales velocity on the underlying property lagged behind the borrower's business plan and management's expectations. Based on this information as of March 31, 2022, we deemed the borrower to be experiencing financial difficulty and accordingly changed the risk rating to a 5 and recorded million of Specific CECL Allowance on the Junior Mezzanine B Loan. During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we recorded an additional million Specific CECL Allowance on the Junior Mezzanine B Loan, bringing the total loan Specific CECL Allowance to million, due to slower sales pace across the ultra-luxury residential segment at the end of 2022 in response to broader market uncertainty. The modified loan terms as discussed above have been reflected in our calculation of CECL for the quarter ended December 31, 2022. R efer to "CECL" section above for additional information regarding our calculation of CECL allowance. As of December 31, 2022 , our amortized cost basis in this loan was million, and its risk rating remained as a 5. 
 In March 2017, we originated a first mortgage secured by a hotel in Atlanta, GA. As of May 1, 2022, due to slower than expected recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, we deemed the borrower to be experiencing financial difficulty and ceased accruing interest. During the second quarter of 2022, we recorded a million Specific CECL Allowance. Additionally, during 2022, we modified the loan to provide short term extensions to the borrower. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the loan went into maturity default. We are in discussions with the sponsor regarding consensual foreclosure, and expect to reach an agreement in the first quarter of 2023. In anticipation of the upcoming foreclosure, we wrote off the previously recorded Specific CECL Allowance, and recorded a million realized loss on the loan within realized gain (loss) on investments in the consolidated statement of operations . A s of December 31, 2022 , the loan had a principal balance of million and amortized cost of million. As of December 31, 2022 the loan has a risk rating of 5. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the re were million of unfunded commitments related to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty for the entire loan portfolio. 
 
 In October 2020, we entered a joint venture with CCOF Design Venture, LLC, which owns the underlying properties that secured our first mortgage loan. The entity in which we own an interest, and which owns the underlying properties, was deemed to be a VIE and we determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of that VIE as we do not have the power to direct the entity's activities. The related profit and loss from the joint venture was immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. During the third quarter of 2022, million of the previously recorded million Specific CECL Allowance was reversed based on the fair value of the property prior to the sale. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded an additional Specific CECL Allowance of million, based on higher estimated costs to sell. Shortly thereafter in the fourth quarter of 2022, we sold the property and recognized a realized loss on investment of million in the consolidated statement of operations, which represented a write-off of the million previously recorded Specific CECL Allowance. In conjunction with the sale of the underlying property, we provided million million funded at close) of seller financing in the form of a floating-rate first mortgage. 
 In 2018, we originated a million commercial mortgage loan secured by a hotel in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. During the fourth quarter of 2020, the loan was recapitalized with the minority equity holder in the property. In connection with this recapitalization, the sponsor committed to contribute million in new equity and we received approximately million of principal that paid down the existing loan. We wrote down our principal by million which was recorded as a realized loss within realized gain (loss) on investments in our December 31, 2020 consolidated statement of operations. The realized loss included a million write-off of previously recorded Specific CECL Allowance. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the recapitalized loan had a principal balance of million and million, respectively and amortized cost of million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the loan has a risk rating of 3. 
 In 2015, we originated a million loan secured by a hotel in New York City. During the second quarter of 2020, the loan was restructured. In connection with this restructuring, the borrower committed to contribute additional equity of million and concurrently we wrote down our principal on this loan by million, which had been previously recorded 
 73 

million realized loss within realized gain (loss) on investments in our December 31, 2020 consolidated statement of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the loan had a principal balance of million and an amortized cost of million and million, respectively. Additionally, as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the loan has a risk rating of 3 and is on accrual status. 
 Other Loan and Lending Assets Activity 
 We recognized payment-in-kind interest of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 We recognized million, million, and million in pre-payment penalties and accelerated fees for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 We recognized million of shared appreciation fees for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to a first mortgage loan secured by a portfolio of residential-for-rent assets located in the United States, which is recorded in other income in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our portfolio included other lending assets, which are subordinate risk retention interests in securitization vehicles. The underlying mortgages related to our subordinate risk retention interests are secured by a portfolio of properties located throughout the United States. Our maximum exposure to loss from the subordinate risk retention interests is limited to the book value of such interests. The book value as of December 31, 2022 was million, consisting of one interest with a weighted average maturity of years and the book value as of December 31, 2021 was million consisting of two interests with a weighted average maturity of years. We are not obligated to provide, and do not intend to provide financial support to these subordinate risk retention interests. These interests are accounted for as held-to-maturity and recorded at carrying value on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 In November 2020, the borrower under a million commercial mortgage loan million assuming conversion into U.S. Dollars ("USD")), of which we owned million million assuming conversion into USD), secured by an urban retail property located in London, United Kingdom, entered into administration triggering an event of default. In accordance with the loan agreement, we were entitled to collect default interest in addition to the contractual interest we had been earning. During the first quarter of 2022, our commercial mortgage loan was fully satisfied and all accrued contractual and default interest was collected. 
 During the third quarter of 2022 of our commercial mortgage loans collateralized by an office building located in London, United Kingdom was not repaid upon its contractual maturity, triggering an event of default. To provide the borrower with additional time to refinance the loan, we agreed to a conditional waiver of the event of default and modified the terms of the loan agreement to include (i) a short-term extension and (ii) default interest of , which we commenced accruing in addition to our contractual rate. At December 31, 2022, the loan had an amortized cost basis of million million assuming conversion into USD), including million million assuming conversion into USD) of subordinate participation sold accounted for as secured borrowing. In January 2023, the loan was fully satisfied, including all contractual and default interest accrued to date. See "Note 20 - Subsequent Events" for further discussion. 
 Loan Sales 
 From time to time, we may enter into sale transactions with other parties. All sale transactions are evaluated in accordance with ASC 860. The following loan sale occurred in 2022: 
 During the third quarter of 2022, we transferred a portion of our unfunded commitment of million million assuming conversion into USD) in a commercial mortgage loan secured by a mixed use property located in London, United Kingdom to entities managed by affiliates of the Manager. In addition to transferring the unfunded commitment, we also transferred a proportionate share of the origination fee associated with such unfunded commitment, resulting in a reduction to our amortized cost basis. We evaluated the transfer under ASC 860 and determined the transfer met the criteria for sale accounting. We recorded gain or loss on the sale. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we sold our interest in a million subordinate loan secured by an office building located in Manhattan, NY. We determined that this transaction qualifies as a sale and accounted for it as such. We recorded gain or loss related to this sale. 
 The following loan sales occurred in 2021: 
 74 

million subordinate loan secured by a residential-for-sale inventory property located in Boston, MA. We determined that this transaction qualifies as a sale and accounted for it as such. We recorded gain or loss related to this sale. 
 Additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2021, we sold our interest in a subordinate loan, previously classified as held for sale. The subordinate loan was secured by a mixed-used property with an outstanding principal of million. We determined that this transaction qualifies as a sale and accounted for it as such. We recorded a loss of approximately million in connection with this sale within realized gain (loss) on investments in the December 31, 2021 consolidated statement of operations. 
 The following loan sales occurred in 2020: 
 In the first quarter of 2020, we sold million million assuming conversion into USD) in a mezzanine loan and million million assuming conversion into USD) unfunded commitment of a senior mortgage secured by a mixed-use property in London, United Kingdom to a fund managed by an affiliate of the Manager, that was originated by us in December 2019. We determined that this transaction qualified as a sale and accounted for it as such. We recorded gain or loss related to this sale. 
 In the second quarter of 2020, we sold interests in construction loans, with aggregate commitments of million (of which approximately million was funded at the time of sale). The sales were made to entities managed by affiliates of the Manager. We determined that these transactions qualified as sales and accounted for them as such. We recorded a loss of approximately million in connection with these sales within realized gain (loss) on investments in our December 31, 2020 consolidated statement of operations. 
 In the third quarter of 2020, we sold our interest in a foreign residential-for-sale inventory loan, with outstanding principal of million million assuming conversion into USD). We determined this transaction qualifies as a sale and accounted for it as such. We recorded a loss of approximately million in connection with this sale within realized gain (loss) on investments in our December 31, 2020 consolidated statement of operations. 
 million. We determined this transaction qualified as a sale and accounted for it as such. We recorded a loss of approximately million in connection with this sale within realized gain (loss) on investments in our December 31, 2020 consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 Note 5 
 million third-party mortgage, secured by a hotel in Anaheim, CA. In December 2020, due to non-performance, we assumed legal title through the execution of a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure. We intended to sell the hotel and, as such, as of the date of the title assumption, we recorded the hotel property on our consolidated balance sheets at its fair market value less costs to sell, net of a realized loss of million, that was previously recorded as Specific CECL Allowance. 
 As of March 31, 2021, there was an increase in our expected costs to sell the property, and therefore, we recorded a million loss during the three months ended March 31, 2021, as realized losses and impairments on real estate owned in our consolidated statement of operations. During the second quarter of 2021 the property was sold at our cost basis and no additional gain or loss was recorded. The million first mortgage was repaid upon the sale of the property. 
 In 2017, we originated a million junior mezzanine loan which was subordinate to: (i) a million mortgage loan, and (ii) a million senior mezzanine loan, secured by a full-service luxury hotel in Washington, D.C. During the first quarter of 2020, we recorded a million Specific CECL Allowance and placed our junior mezzanine loan on non-accrual status. 
 On May 24, 2021, we purchased the million senior mezzanine loan at par and acquired legal title to the hotel through a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure. We assumed the hotel s as sets and liabilities (including the million mortgage loan) and recorded an additional million charge reflecting the difference between the fair value of the hotel s net assets and the carrying amount of the loan. This million loss on title assumption plus the previously recorded Specific CECL Allowance of million resulted in a million realized loss on investments included within realized gain (loss) on investments in our 2021 consolidated statement of operations. 
 75 

million mortgage loan against the property. As of March 1, 2022, the hotel assets and liabilities met the criteria to be classified as held for sale under ASC Topic 360, "Property, Plant, and Equipment." As of March 1, 2022, we ceased recording depreciation on the building and furniture, fixtures, and equipment on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Land Buildings Furniture, fixtures, and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) Other assets Total Assets Liabilities: Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Total Liabilities Net Real Estate Assets 
 Operating expenses ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) Net income (loss) from real estate owned ) 
 Assets and Liabilities Related to Real Estate Owned, Held for Investment 
 In 2015, we originated a million multifamily development commercial mortgage loan secured by an assemblage of properties in downtown Brooklyn, NY. In 2020, the loan went into default and we recorded a million Specific CECL Allowance, due to the deterioration of market conditions attributable to COVID-19. As a result of improved market conditions we reversed million of Specific CECL Allowance during the second quarter of 2021. In the second quarter of 2022, we reversed the remaining million Specific CECL Allowance as a result of market rent growth and value created from development activities at the underlying property. 
 On August 3, 2022, we acquired legal title of the property through a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure and accounted for the asset acquisition in accordance with ASC 805, "Business Combinations." At that time, our amortized cost basis in the commercial mortgage loan was million. We recorded the real estate assumed at a fair value of million based on the market value of the land. We recognized a realized gain of million, recorded within realized gain (loss) on investments on our consolidated statement of operations, which reflects the difference between the fair value of the property and the carrying value of the loan at the time of acquisition. The non-recurring fair value measurement was classified as Level III within the fair value hierarchy due to the use of significant unobservable inputs, including comparable sales of similar properties in the market. Since title acquisition we have capitalized an additional million of construction and financing costs. As of December 31, 2022, our cost basis in the property was million. 
 Upon taking title, we concurrently contributed the property to a joint venture with a third-party real estate developer. The entity was deemed to be a VIE and we determined that we are the primary beneficiary . Through our wholly owned 
 76 

equity ownership interest in the joint venture and our partner is only entitled to profit upon achievement of certain returns under our joint venture agreement. Concurrently with taking title to the property, we obtained million in construction financing on the property. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the construction financing was million, net of million in deferred financing cost and was included within debt related to real estate owned, held for investment, net on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 million, an interest rate of term one month SOFR+ , and current maturity of August 2026, with an option for us to extend for one year contingent upon meeting certain conditions. The construction financing agreement contains the following financial covenants: (i) our unencumbered liquidity must be greater million and (ii) our net worth must be greater than million. Under these covenants, our General CECL Allowance is added back to our net worth calculation. At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with these covenants. 
 
 Note 6 
 Loan proceeds held by servicer Other (1) 
 Total 
 
 (1) Includes million of other assets from real estate owned at December 31, 2021. Refer to "Note 5 Assets and Liabilities Related to Real Estate Owned, Held for Sale" for additional information. 
 
 Note 7 
 
 new credit facilities, which provided million of additional liquidity, and upsized three of our existing credit facilities by billion. 
 
 September 2026 September 2026 JPMorgan Facility - GBP (3)(4) 
 September 2026 September 2026 JPMorgan Facility - EUR (3)(4) 
 N/A September 2026 Deutsche Bank Facility - USD (3) 
 March 2026 March 2023 Credit Suisse Facility - USD August 2026 (6)(7) 
 February 2025 (6)(7) 
 HSBC Facility - GBP April 2025 N/A HSBC Facility - EUR January 2026 (7) 
 July 2022 Goldman Sachs Facility - USD November 2025 (5) 
 November 2025 (5) 
 Barclays Facility - USD June 2027 (6) 
 March 2024 MUFG Securities Facility - GBP June 2025 (6) 
 N/A Santander Facility - EUR August 2024 N/A Total Secured Credit Facilities Barclays Private Securitization - GBP, EUR, SEK February 2026 (7) 
 August 2024 (7) 
 Total Secured Debt Arrangements Less: deferred financing costs N/A ) N/A ) 
 77 

(1) As of December 31, 2022, GBP, EUR, and Swedish Krona ("SEK") borrowings were converted to USD at a rate o f , , and , r espectively. As of December 31, 2021, GBP, EUR and SEK borrowings were converted to USD at a rat e of , and , respectively. 
 (2) Maturity date assumes extensions at our option are exercised with consent of financing providers, where applicable. 
 (3) Facility enables us to elect to receive advances in USD, GBP, or EUR. 
 (4) The JPMorgan Facility allows for billion of maximum borrowings in total as of December 31, 2022 . The facility was temporarily upsized from billion to billion during August 2022 and the maximum borrowings will decrease to billion as of January 2023. 
 (5) Assumes facility enters the amortization period subsequent to the November 2023 maturity, which allows for the refinancing or pay down of assets under the facility. 
 (6) Assumes financings are extended in line with the underlying loans. 
 (7) Represents weighted average maturity across various financings with the counterparty. See below for additional details. 
 (8) Weighted-average borrowing costs as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were applicable benchmark rates and credit spread adjustments, plus spreads of USD: + / GBP: + / EUR: + / SEK: + and USD: + / GBP: + / EUR: + / SEK: + , respectively. 
 (9) Weighted average advance rates based on cost as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were (USD) / (GBP) / (EUR) / (SEK)) and (USD) / (GBP) / (EUR) / (SEK)), respectively. 
 and of the outstanding balance under these secured borrowings were recourse to us. 
 Terms of our secured credit facilities are designed to keep each lender's credit exposure generally constant as a percentage of the underlying value of the assets pledged as security to it. If the credit of the underlying collateral value decreases, the amount of leverage to us may be reduced. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, t he weighted average haircut under our secured debt arrangements was approxi mately and , respectively. Our secured credit facilities do not contain capital markets-based mark-to-market provisions. 
 Barclays Private Securitization 
 We are party to a private securitization with Barclays Bank plc (the "Barclays Private Securitization"). Commercial mortgage loans currently financed under the Barclays Securitization are denominated in GBP, EUR and SEK. 
 The Barclays Private Securitization does not include daily margining provisions and grants us significant discretion to modify certain terms of the underlying collateral including waiving certain loan-level covenant breaches and deferring or waiving of debt service payments for up to months. The securitization includes loan-to-value based covenants with deleveraging requirements that are based on significant declines in the value of the collateral as determined by an annual third-party (engaged by us) appraisal process tied to the provisions of the underlying loan agreements. We believe this provides us with both cushion and predictability to avoid sudden unexpected outcomes and material repayment requirements. 
 EUR SEK Total 
 December 31, 2021 Local Currency Count Outstanding Principal Carrying Value GBP EUR SEK Total 
 
 78 

May 2026 
 Total/Weighted-Average EUR July 2025 (3) 
 Total/Weighted-Average SEK May 2026 Total/Weighted-Average Securitization February 2026 
 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, we had million, million, and kr billion of borrowings outstanding under the Barclays Private Securitization secured by certain of our commercial mortgage loans. 
 (2) Assumes underlying loans extend to fully extended maturity and extensions at our option are exercised. 
 (3) The EUR portion of the Barclays Private Securitization has an "evergreen" feature such that the facility continues for and can be terminated by either party on certain dates with, depending on the date of notice, a minimum of nine to twelve months' notice. 
 
 The table below provides the borrowings outstanding (on an as converted basis) and weighted-average fully-extended maturities by currency for the assets financed under the Barclays Private Securitization as of December 31, 2021 in thousands): Borrowings outstanding Fully-Extended Maturity (1) 
 Total/Weighted-Average GBP June 2025 Total/Weighted-Average EUR November 2022 (2) 
 Total/Weighted-Average SEK November 2022 Total/Weighted-Average Securitization August 2024 
 
 (1) Assumes underlying loans extend to fully extended maturity and extensions at our option are exercised. 
 (2) The EUR portion of the Barclays Private Securitization has an "evergreen" feature such that the facility continues for and can be terminated by either party on certain dates with, depending on the date of notice, a minimum of nine to twelve months' notice. 
 
 Commercial mortgage loans, net (1) 
 Other Assets Total Assets Liabilities: Secured debt arrangements, net (net of deferred financing costs of million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities (2) 
 Total Liabilities 
 
 (1) Net of the General CECL Al lowance of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Includes General CECL Allowance related to unfunded commitments on commercial mortgage loans, net o f million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

79 

Interest expense ) ) Net interest income Decrease (increase) in current expected credit loss allowance, net ) Foreign currency translation gain (loss) ) ) Net Income 
 
 Deutsche Bank Facility Credit Suisse Facility HSBC Facility Goldman Sachs Facility Barclays Facility MUFG Securities Facility Santander Facility Barclays Private Securitization Total 
 The table above reflects the fully extended maturity date of the facility and assumes facilities with an "evergreen" feature continue to extend through the fully-extended maturity of the underlying asset and assumes underlying loans are extended with consent of financing providers. 
 Deutsche Bank Facility Goldman Sachs Facility Credit Suisse Facility HSBC Facility Barclays Facility MUFG Securities Facility Santander Facility Barclays Private Securitization Total 
 The table below summarizes the outstanding balances at December 31, 2021, as well as the maximum and average month-end balances for the year ended December 31, 2021 for our borrowings under secured debt arrangements in thousands). 
 80 

Deutsche Bank Facility Goldman Sachs Facility Credit Suisse Facility HSBC Facility Barclays Facility Barclays Private Securitization Total 
 Debt Covenants 
 The guarantees related to our secured debt arrangements contain the following financial covenants: (i) tangible net worth must be greater than billion plus of the net cash proceeds of any equity issuance after March 31, 2017; (ii) our ratio of total indebtedness to tangible net worth cannot be greater than :1; and (iii) our liquidity cannot be less than an amount equal to the greater of of total recourse indebtedness or million. Under these covenants, our General CECL Allowance is added back to our tangible net worth calculation. 
 We were in compliance with the covenants under each of our secured debt arrangements at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 Note 8 
 million senior secured term loan (the "2026 Term Loan"), which matures in May 2026 and contains restrictions relating to liens, asset sales, indebtedness, and investments in non-wholly owned entities. The 2026 Term Loan bears interest at LIBOR plus and was issued at a price of . 
 In March 2021, we entered into an additional million senior secured term loan, with substantially the same terms as the 2026 Term Loan, (the "2028 Term Loan" and, together with the 2026 Term Loan, the "Term Loans"), which matures in March 2028 and contains restrictions relating to liens, asset sales, indebtedness, and investments in non-wholly owned entities. The 2028 Term Loan bears interest at LIBOR (with a floor of plus and was issued at a price of . 
 The Term Loans are amortizing with repayments of per quarter of the total committed principal. We repaid million of principal related to the 2026 Term Loan during each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we repaid million and million of principal related to the 2028 Term Loan, respectively. 
 ) ) 5/15/2026 2028 Term Loan ) ) 3/11/2028 Total ) ) 
 
 (1) Unamortized issuance discount and deferred financing costs will be amortized to interest expense over remaining life of respective term loans. 
 The following table summarizes the terms of the Term Loans as of December 31, 2021 in thousands): 
 81 

) ) 5/15/2026 2028 Term Loan ) ) 3/11/2028 Total ) ) 
 
 (1) Unamortized issuance discount and deferred financing costs will be amortized to interest expense over remaining life of respective term loans. 
 Covenants 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, we modified the financial covenants of the Term Loans which included the following: (i) increased our maximum ratio of total recourse debt to tangible net worth from :1 to :1; (ii) increased our maximum ratio of total unencumbered assets to total pari-passu indebtedness from :1 to :1; and (iii) amended the definition of unencumbered asset to include the carrying value of the residual equity in the entities where we hold assets financed under repurchase obligations. In conjunction with the modifications, we incurred million in fees, million of which were consent fees paid to borrowers recorded as deferred financing costs and million of arrangement fees paid to the Term Loan arranger recorded as general and administrative expenses. 
 We were in compliance with the covenants under the Term Loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Interest Rate Cap 
 During the second quarter of 2020, we entered into a interest rate cap to cap LIBOR at . This effectively limits the maximum all-in coupon on our 2026 Term Loan to . In connection with the interest rate cap, we incurred upfront fees of million for the year ended December 31, 2020, which we recorded as a deferred financing cost on our consolidated balance sheets. The deferred financing cost is being amortized over the duration of the interest rate cap with respective amortization recognized as part of interest expense in our consolidated statement of operations. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, LIBOR exceeded the cap rate of . As such, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we realized a gain from the interest rate cap in the amount of million, which is included in gain (loss) on interest rate hedging instruments in our consolidated statement of operations. The realized gain was a result of the increase in the current interest rate forward curve, partially offset by the nearing maturity of the cap. There was no realized gain recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Note 9 
 million of Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the "2029 Notes"), for which we received net proceeds of million, after deducting initial purchasers' discounts and commissions. The 2029 Notes will mature on June 15, 2029, unless earlier repurchased or redeemed. The 2029 Notes are secured by a first-priority lien, and rank pari passu in right of payment with all of our existing and future first lien obligations, including indebtedness under the Term Loans. The 2029 Notes were issued at par and contain covenants relating to liens, indebtedness, and investments in non-wholly owned entities. The 2029 Notes had a carrying value of million and million, net of deferred financing costs of million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Covenants 
 The 2029 Notes include certain covenants including a requirement that we maintain a ratio of total unencumbered assets to total pari-passu indebtedness of at least :1. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we were in compliance with all covenants. 
 
 Note 10 
 separate offerings during 2017, we issued an aggregate principal amount of million of Convertible Senior Notes due 2022 (the "2022 Notes"), for which we received million, after deducting the underwriting discount and offering expenses. During the third quarter of 2022, w e repaid the million aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes in cash at par. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2018, we issued million of Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 (the "2023 
 82 

million after deducting the underwriting discount and offering expenses. At December 31, 2022, the 2023 Notes had a carrying value of million and an unamortized discount of million. 
 48.7187 10/15/2023 Total 
 The following table summarizes the terms of the Convertible Notes as of December 31, 2021 in thousands): 
 Principal Amount Coupon Rate Effective Rate (1) 
 Conversion Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Remaining Period of Amortization 2022 Notes 50.2260 8/23/2022 2023 Notes 48.7187 10/15/2023 Total 
 
 (1) Effective rate includes the effect of the adjustment for the conversion option (See footnote (2) below), the value of which reduced the initial liability and was recorded in additional paid-in-capital. The effective rate as of December 31, 2022 reflects adoption of ASU 2020-06. 
 (2) We have the option to settle any conversions in cash, shares of common stock or a combination thereof. The conversion rate represents the number of shares of common stock issuable per one thousand principal amount of the Convertible Notes converted and includes adjustments relating to cash dividend payments made by us to stockholders that have been deferred and carried-forward in accordance with, and are not yet required to be made pursuant to, the terms of the applicable supplemental indenture. 
 
 We may not redeem the 2023 Notes prior to maturity except in limited circumstances. The closing price of our common stock on December 31, 2022 of was less than the per share conversion price of the 2023 Notes. 
 On January 1, 2022, we adopted ASU 2020-06, which no longer require the liability and equity components of convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion (including partial cash settlement) to be separately accounted for in a manner that reflects the issuer s nonconvertible debt borrowing rate. Prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, we attributed million of the proceeds to the equity component of the Convertible Notes million to the 2022 Notes and million to the 2023 Notes), which represented the excess proceeds received over the fair value of the liability component of the Convertible Notes at the date of issuance. The equity component of the Convertible Notes had been reflected within additional paid-in capital on our consolidated balance sheets until January 1, 2022 when we adopted ASU 2020-06 through the modified retrospective approach. Upon adoption, we (i) reclassified million of previously recorded amortization related to the equity component of the Convertible Notes from retained earnings to additional paid-in-capital and (ii) reclassified the remaining unamortized balance of million to additional paid-in-capital, which increased the cost basis of convertible notes and decreased additional paid-in-capital on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. With respect to the amortization of the discount on the liability component of the Convertible Notes as well as the amortization of deferred financing costs, we reported additional non-cash interest expense of approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Note 11 
 83 

GBP January 2023 - February 2027 Fx contracts - EUR EUR January 2023 - November 2025 Fx contracts - SEK SEK February 2023 - May 2026 Interest rate cap USD June 2023 
 
 The following table summarizes our non-designated Fx forwards and our interest rate cap as of December 31, 2021: 
 December 31, 2021 Type of Derivatives Number of Contracts Aggregate Notional Amount (in thousands) Notional Currency Maturity Weighted-Average Years to Maturity Fx contracts - GBP GBP January 2022 - February 2026 Fx contracts - EUR EUR January 2022 - November 2025 Fx contracts - SEK SEK February 2022 - May 2026 Interest rate cap USD June 2023 
 We have not designated any of our derivative instruments as hedges as defined in ASC 815, "Derivatives and Hedging" and, therefore, changes in the fair value of our derivative instruments are recorded directly in earnings. 
 ) Forward currency contracts Realized gain (loss) on derivative instruments ) Total ) 
 In connection with our 2026 Term Loan, in May 2019, we entered into an interest rate swap to fix LIBOR at or an all-in interest rate of . We used our interest rate swap to manage exposure to variable cash flows on our borrowings under the senior secured term loan. Our interest rate swap allowed us to receive a variable rate cash flow based on LIBOR and pay a fixed rate cash flow, mitigating the impact of this exposure. However during the second quarter of 2020, we terminated our interest rate swap due to a significant decrease in LIBOR and recognized a realized loss on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 
 In June 2020, we entered into an interest rate cap for approximately million. We use our interest rate cap to manage exposure to variable cash flows on our borrowings under the senior secured term loan by effectively limiting LIBOR from exceeding . This effectively limits the maximum all-in coupon on our senior secured term loan to . The unrealized gain or loss related to the interest rate cap is recorded net under unrealized gain on interest rate hedging instruments in our consolidated statement of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, LIBOR exceeded the cap rate of . As such, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we realized a gain from the interest rate cap in the amount of million, which is included in gain (loss) on interest rate hedging instruments in our consolidated statement of operations. The realized gain was a result of the increase in the current interest rate forward curve, partially offset by the nearing maturity of the cap. There was no realized gain recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 84 

Interest rate cap (1) 
 Realized gain on interest rate hedging instruments Interest rate swap (2) 
 Unrealized gain on interest rate swap Interest rate swap (2) 
 Realized loss on interest rate swap ) Total ) 
 
 (1) With a notional amount of million at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 (2) With a notional amount of at December 31, 2022, 2021, and million at December 31, 2020. 
 
 ) ) Interest rate cap Total derivative assets (liabilities) ) ) 

Note 12 
 million interest, at par, in a mezzanine loan collateralized by a ground-up condominium development in New York City that we originated in December 2017. The participation interest sold accrued payment-in-kind interest, was accounted for as a secured borrowing on our consolidated balance sheets, and was subordinate to our remaining mezzanine loan. The mezzanine loan was repaid at par in June 2021, and therefore, we de-recognized the related participating interest of million, which included million in payment-in-kind interest. 
 In December 2020, we sold a million million assuming conversion into USD at time of transfer) interest, at par, in a first mortgage loan collateralized by an office building located in London, United Kingdom that was originated by us in December 2017. In connection with this sale, we transferred our remaining unfunded commitment of million million assuming conversion into USD at time of transfer). The participation interest sold is subordinate to our remaining million million assuming conversion into USD) first mortgage loan and is accounted for as a secured borrowing on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the participation sold on commercial mortgage loans balance decreased by million due to unrealized loss on foreign currency translation. Refer to "Note 4 Commercial Mortgage Loans, Subordinate Loans and Other Lending Assets, Net" for further discussion of default interest being accrued on the whole position. In January 2023, the loan was fully satisfied, including all contractual and default interest accrued to date. See "Note 20 - Subsequent Events" for further discussion. 
 
 85 

Total participations sold 
 
 Note 13 
 Accrued dividends payable Accrued interest payable Accounts payable and other liabilities (1) 
 General CECL Allowance on unfunded commitments (2) 
 Total 
 
 (1) Includes million and million of accounts payable and other liabilities on the balance sheet of the Real Estate Owned, Held for Investment at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 (2) Refer to "Note 4 - Commercial Mortgage Loans, Subordinate Loans and Other Lending Assets, Net" for additional disclosure related to the General CECL Allowance on unfunded commitments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Note 14 
 per annum of our stockholders equity (as defined in the Management Agreement), calculated and payable (in cash) quarterly in arrears. 
 The term of the Management Agreement was automatically renewed for a successive term on September 29, 2022 and will automatically renew on each anniversary thereafter. The Management Agreement may be terminated upon expiration of the extension term only upon the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our independent directors, based upon (1) unsatisfactory performance by the Manager that is materially detrimental to ARI or (2) a determination that the management fee payable to the Manager is not fair, subject to the Manager s right to prevent such a termination based on unfair fees by accepting a mutually acceptable reduction of management fees agreed to by at least two-thirds of our independent directors. The Manager must be provided with written notice of any such termination at least days prior to the expiration of the then existing term and will be paid a termination fee equal to times the sum of the average annual base management fee during the -month period immediately preceding the date of termination, calculated as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter prior to the date of termination. 
 We incurred approximately million, million and million in base management fees under the Management Agreement for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. 
 In addition to the base management fee, we are also responsible for reimbursing the Manager for certain expenses paid by the Manager on our behalf or for certain services provided by the Manager to us. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we paid expenses totaling million, million and million, respectively, related to reimbursements for certain expenses paid by the Manager on our behalf under the Management Agreement. Expenses incurred by the Manager and reimbursed by us are reflected in the respective consolidated statement of operations expense category or our consolidated balance sheets based on the nature of the item. 
 Included in payable to related party on our consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is approximately million and million, respectively, for base management fees incurred but not yet paid under the Management 
 86 

million mezzanine loan secured by pledges of equity interests in the property recorded as real estate owned - held for sale on our consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022. The mezzanine loan was subordinate to (i) a million mortgage loan, originated by a third party, and (ii) a million senior mezzanine loan, originated by an affiliate of the Manager. On May 24, 2021, we purchased the million senior mezzanine loan at par from the affiliate and acquired legal title to the hotel through a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure. Refer to "Note 5 Assets and Liabilities Related to Real Estate Owned" for additional information. 
 In January 2020, we sold million million assuming conversion into USD) in a mezzanine loan and million million assuming conversion into USD) unfunded commitment of a senior mortgage secured by a mixed-use property in London, United Kingdom to a fund managed by an affiliate of the Manager, that was originated by us in December 2019. Refer to "Note 4 - Commercial Mortgage Loans, Subordinate Loans and Other Lending Assets, Net" for additional information. 
 In the second quarter of 2020, we sold our interests in three construction loans to entities managed by affiliates of the 
 Manager. Refer to "Note 4 - Commercial Mortgage, Subordinate Loans and Other Lending Assets, Net" for additional 
 information related to these sales. 
 We own mezzanine loans and a commercial mortgage that are secured by the same ultra-luxury residential property currently under construction in Manhattan, NY. During the third quarter of 2021, a vehicle managed by an affiliate of the Manager transferred its Junior Mezzanine B Loan position to the Company and in connection with this transfer, one of the property s subordinate capital providers paid the vehicle a price representing the original principal balance on the Junior Mezzanine B Loan position with the vehicle agreeing to forego its accrued interest on the Junior Mezzanine B Loan. During the third quarter of 2022, we refinanced our mezzanine loans, and originated a commercial mortgage loan as part of an overall recapitalization. The mezzanine positions held by entities managed by affiliates of the Manager were repaid. Refer to "Note 4 - Commercial Mortgage Loans, Subordinate Loans and Other Lending Assets, Net" for additional information. 
 During the third quarter of 2022, we transferred million million assuming conversion into USD) of unfunded commitments related to a mixed-use development property located in London, UK to entities managed by affiliates of the Manager. Refer to "Note 4 Commercial Mortgage Loans, Subordinate Loans and Other Lending Assets, Net" for additional disclosure. 
 Term Loan 
 In March 2021, Apollo Global Funding, LLC, an affiliate of the Manager, served as one of the eight arrangers for the issuance of our 2028 Term Loan and received million of arrangement fees. In addition, funds managed by an affiliate of the Manager invested in million of the 2028 Term Loan. 
 Senior Secured Notes 
 In June 2021, Apollo Global Securities, LLC, an affiliate of the Manager, served as one of the eight initial purchasers in the issuance of our 2029 Notes and received million of initial purchasers' discounts and commissions. 
 Italian Direct Lending Structure 
 in fees payable to the AIFM, which is recorded in payable to related party on our consolidated balance sheet. The fees incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021 were immaterial. 
 
 Note 15 
 
 87 

shares of our common stock. The LTIPs are administered by the compensation committee of our board of directors (the "Compensation Committee") and all grants under the LTIPs must be approved by the Compensation Committee. 
 We recognized stock-based compensation expense of million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively, related to restricted stock and RSU vesting. 
 Granted Vested ) ) N/A Forfeiture ) N/A Outstanding at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) ) N/A Forefeiture ) N/A Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) ) N/A Forfeiture ) N/A Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 
 Below is a summary of restricted stock and RSU vesting dates as of December 31, 2022 : 
 Vesting Year Restricted Stock RSUs Total Awards 2023 2024 2025 Total 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had unrecognized compensation expense of approximately million and million related to the vesting of restricted stock awards and RSUs, respectively, noted in the table above. 
 RSU Deliveries 
 , and shares of common stock for , and vested RSUs, respectively. We allow RSU participants to settle their tax liabilities with a reduction of their share delivery from the originally granted and vested RSUs. The amount, when agreed to by the participant, results in a cash payment to the Manager related to this tax liability and a corresponding adjustment to additional paid in capital on our consolidated statement of changes in stockholders' equity. The adjustment was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. The adjustment is a reduction of capital related to our equity incentive plan and is presented net of increases of capital related to our equity incentive plan in our consolidated statement of changes in stockholders' equity. 
 
 Note 16 
 shares of common stock, par value per share and shares of preferred stock, par value per share. As of December 31, 2022, shares of common stock were issued and outstanding, and shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. 
 88 

shares outstanding of our Fixed-to-Floating Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value per share ("Series B Preferred Stock"), with a liquidation preference of per share, for shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock, par value per share ("Series B-1 Preferred Stock"), with a liquidation preference of per share, pursuant to an exchange agreement with the two existing holders of the Series B Preferred Stock. 
 Dividends. 
 Series B Preferred Stock N/A Series B-1 Preferred Stock N/A 
 
 (1) As our aggregate 2022 distributions did not exceed our earnings and profits, of the January 2023 distribution declared in the fourth quarter of 2022, 
 and payable to common stockholders of record as of December 31, 2022, will be treated as a 2022 distribution for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

shares of common stock repurchased at a weighted-average share price of . There was common stock repurchase activity during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 there was million remaining authorized under our stock repurchase program. 
 
 Note 17 
 million investment plus punitive damages. The defendants' motion to dismiss was granted on October 23, 2019 and the Court entered judgment dismissing the complaint in its entirety on November 8, 2019. Plaintiffs appealed, the parties fully briefed the appeal, and then Plaintiffs dropped the appeal, and the case remains dismissed. 
 Plaintiffs amended the complaint in a separate action in 2021, 111 West 57th Investment LLC v. 111W57 Mezz Investor LLC (No. 655031/2017) also in New York Supreme Court (the "April 2021 Action") to name Apollo Global Management, Inc., the Subsidiary, the Company, and certain funds managed by Apollo as defendants. The April 2021 Action concerns overlapping claims and the same condominium development project that the Apollo Action concerned. We believe the claims in this action are without merit, including as barred by the dismissal of the Apollo Action. The defendants filed a motion to dismiss, which was granted in part and denied in part on December 15, 2022. The Court dismissed the claim against Apollo Global Management, Inc. and the Company. The claim against the Apollo entities who were co-lenders on the mezzanine loan, including the subsidiary, remains in the case. Apollo will appeal the decision with respect to the remaining claim. No reasonable estimate of possible loss, if any, can be made at this time. The Company believes the claims in this action are without merit. 
 Loan Commitments. As described in "Note 4 - Commercial Mortgage Loans, Subordinate Loans and Other Lending Assets, Net" at December 31, 2022, we had billion of unfunded commitments related to our commercial mortgage and subordinate loans. The timings and amounts of fundings are uncertain as these commitments relate to loans for construction costs, capital expenditures, leasing costs, interest and carry costs, among others. As such, the timings and amounts of future fundings depend on the progress and performance of the underlying assets of our loans. Certain of our lenders are contractually obligated to fund their ratable portion of these loan commitments over time, while other lenders have some degree of discretion over future loan funding obligations. The total unfunded commitment is expected to be funded over the remaining years weighted average tenor of these loans. 
 COVID-19. The COVID-19 pandemic has brought forth uncertainty and disruption to the global economy, including longer-term macroeconomic effects on supply chains, inflation and labor shortages. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the continued impact and uncertainty resulting from COVID-19 variants, supply chain disruptions and 
 89 

Note 18 
 Commercial mortgage loans, net Subordinate loans and other lending assets, net (1) 
 Secured debt arrangements, net ) ) ) ) Term loans, net ) ) ) ) Senior secured notes, net ) ) ) ) 2022 Notes ) ) 2023 Notes ) ) ) ) Participations sold ) ) ) ) 
 
 (1) Includes subordinate risk retention interests in securitization vehicles with an estimated fair value that approximates their carrying value. 
 To determine estimated fair values of the financial instruments listed above, market rates of interest, which include credit assumptions, are used to discount contractual cash flows. The estimated fair values are not necessarily indicative of the amount we could realize on disposition of the financial instruments. The use of different market assumptions or estimation methodologies could have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. Estimates of fair value for cash and cash equivalents, convertible senior notes, net, secured debt arrangements net and Term Loans, net are measured using observable Level I inputs as defined in "Note 3 - Fair Value Disclosure." Estimates of fair value for all other financial instruments in the table above are measured using significant estimates, or unobservable Level III inputs as defined in "Note 3 - Fair Value Disclosure." 
 
 Note 19 
 90 

Less: Preferred dividends ) ) ) Net income available to common stockholders Less: Dividends on participating securities ) ) ) Basic Earnings Diluted Earnings Basic Earnings Add: Dividends on participating securities Add: Interest expense on Convertible Notes Diluted Earnings Number of Shares: Basic weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding Diluted weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding Earnings Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders Basic Diluted 
 The dilutive effect to earnings per share is determined using the "if-converted" method whereby interest expense on the outstanding Convertible Notes is added back to the diluted earnings per share numerator, and all of the potentially dilutive shares are included in the diluted earnings per share denominator. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and , weighted-average potentially issuable shares with respect to the Convertible Notes, respectively, were included in the dilutive earnings per share denominator. For the year ended December 31, 2020 , weighted-average potentially issuable shares with respect to the Convertible Notes were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share because the effect was anti-dilutive. Refer to "Note 10 - Convertible Senior Notes, Net" for further discussion. 
 weighted-average unvested RSUs were included in the calculation of diluted net income per share because the effect was dilutive. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, and weighted-average unvested RSUs, respectively, were excluded in the calculation of diluted net income per share because the effect was anti-dilutive. 
 
 Note 20 
 million for previously closed loans. We capitalized an additional million of construction and financing costs related to our real estate owned, held for investment. 
 Loan Repayments: We received approximately million from loan repayments 
 million million assuming conversion to USD) full repayment of one of our commercial mortgage loans secured by an office property in London, UK, including all default interest accrued to date. In conjunction with the repayment we are no longer recording the previously sold subordinate interest as a secured borrowing on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 91 

Retail/United Kingdom Apr 2027 Interest Only Loan B Retail/United Kingdom Oct 2026 Interest Only Loan C Healthcare/Northeast Mar 2027 Interest Only Loan D Mixed Use/United Kingdom Jun 2025 Interest Only Loan E Residential/New York City Sept 2024 Interest Only Loan F Parking Garage/Various US May 2026 Interest Only Loan G Hotel/Spain Aug 2024 Interest Only Commercial mortgage loans individually 92 

Residential/New York City - 
 Sep 2024 Principal and Interest/ Interest Only Other Lending Asset Healthcare/Various US Jun 2024 Interest Only Subordinate Mortgage Hotel/Various US - 
 2023-2025 Principal and Interest/ Interest Only Subordinate Mortgage Office/Midwest Sep 2024 Interest Only Total Subordinate loans and other lending assets (6) 
 Total loans (7) 
 General CECL Allowance (8) 
 ) Carrying value, net 
 
 (1) Assumes applicable benchmark rate as of December 31, 2022 for all floating rate loans. 
 (2) Assumes all extension options are exercised. 
 (3) Includes one loan that was in maturity default as of December 31, 2022. 
 (4) Includes one loan that was in maturity default as of December 31, 2022 and was paid in full on January 13, 2023. 
 (5) Includes a loan collateralized by a portfolio of office, industrial, and retail property types. 
 (6) Subject to prior liens of approximately billion. 
 (7) The aggregate cost for U.S. federal income tax purposes is billion. 
 (8) Excludes million of General CECL Allowance related to unfunded commitments on commercial mortgage loans, subordinate loans and other lending assets, net in 2022. 
 
 The following table summarizes the changes in the carrying amounts of our loan portfolio during 2022 and 2021 in thousands): 
 
 Reconciliation of Carrying Amount of Loans December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Balance at beginning of year Loan fundings Loan repayments ) ) Loss on foreign currency translation ) ) Realized loss on investments (1) 
 ) ) Transfer to real estate owned, held for sale ) ) Decrease in Specific CECL Allowance (2) 
 Decrease in General CECL Allowance (3) 
 Deferred Fees ) ) PIK interest, amortization of fees and other items (4) 
 Balance at the close of year 

93 

million on a first mortgage loan secured by an urban predevelopment property following the sale of the underlying property, and (ii) a million, related to a first mortgage secured by a hotel property in anticipation of consensual foreclosure in the first quarter of 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a million realized loss on investments reflecting the difference between the fair value of a hotel acquired through a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure and the amortized cost of the loan at the time of foreclosure and an million loss on the sale of our interest in a subordinate loan secured by a mixed-use property. 
 2) The million decrease during the year ended December 31, 2022 was comprised of i) a reversal and a write-off of a previously recorded Specific CECL Allowance of million and million, respectively, on an urban predevelopment first mortgage loan in Miami, FL and ii) a million reversal of a previously recorded Specific CECL Allowance on a loan related to a multifamily development in Brooklyn, NY. These write-offs and reversals recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022 were offset by the Specific CECL Allowance of million recorded in relation to a mezzanine loan secured by our interest in an ultra-luxury residential property in Manhattan, NY. The million decrease of our Specific CECL Allowance during the year ended December 31, 2021 was comprised of i) a million reversal of a previously recorded Specific CECL Allowance on a multifamily development loan located in Brooklyn, NY due to a more favorable market outlook as compared to when the allowance was taken and ii) a million write-off of a previously recorded Specific CECL Allowance recorded in connection with a deed-in-lieu foreclosure on a mezzanine loan secured by an interest in a luxury hotel in Washington, D.C. 
 3) million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively of the General CECL Allowance is excluded from this table because it relates to unfunded commitments and has been recorded as a liability on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 4) Other items primarily consist of purchase discounts or premiums, exit fees and deferred origination expenses, as well as million and million in cost recovery proceeds in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 94 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 95 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 A review and evaluation was performed by our management, including our principal executive and financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. Based on that review and evaluation, our principal executive and financial officer has concluded that our current disclosure controls and procedures, as designed and implemented, were effective. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that it will detect or uncover failures within our company to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in our periodic reports. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and financial officer and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and our expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). 
 Based on its assessment, our management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This report appears on page s 51 through 53 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 96 

The information regarding our directors, executive officers and certain other matters required by Item 401 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2021 annual meeting of stockholders (the "Proxy Statement"), to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 The information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act required by Item 405 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 The information regarding our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics required by Item 406 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 The information regarding certain matters pertaining to our corporate governance required by Item 407(c)(3), (d)(4) and (d)(5) of Regulation S-K is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information regarding executive compensation and other compensation related matters required by Items 402 and 407(e)(4) and (e)(5) of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The tables on equity compensation plan information and beneficial ownership of our securities required by Items 201(d) and 403 of Regulation S-K are incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 I tem 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information regarding transactions with related persons, promoters and certain control persons and director independence required by Items 404 and 407(a) of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 The information concerning principal accounting fees and services and the Audit Committee s pre-approval policies and procedures required by Item 9(e) of Schedule 14A is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 The following documents are filed as part of this annual report on Form 10-K: 
 
 (1) Financial Statements: 
 Our consolidated financial statements and the related schedule, together with the independent registered public accounting 
 firm's report thereon, are set forth on pages 51 through 53 of this annual report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by 
 reference. See Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" filed herein, for a list of financial statements. 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedule: 
 Schedule IV Mortgage Loans on Real Estate as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 (3) Exhibits Files: 

3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Form S-11, as amended (Registration No. 333-160533). 
 3.2 By-laws of Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Registrant s Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-210632). 
 
 97 

3.3 Articles Supplementary designating Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.'s 7.25 Series B-1 Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, liquidation preference 25.00 per share, par value 0.01 per share, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2021 (File No.: 001-34452). 
 4.1 Specimen Stock Certificate of Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form S-11, as amended (Registration No. 333-160533). 
 4.2 Indenture, dated as of March 17, 2014, between the Registrant and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on March 21, 2014 (File No.: 001-34452). 
 4.3 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 21, 2017, between the Registrant and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (including the form of 4.75 Convertible Senior Note due 2022), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 21, 2017 (File No.: 001-34452). 
 4.4 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 5, 2018 between the Registrant and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (including the form of 5.375 Convertible Senior Note due 2023), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2018 (File No.: 001-34452). 
 4.5 Indenture dated as of June 29, 2021, by and among Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc., as issuer, ACREFI Operating, LLC, ARM Operating, LLC and ACREFI Mortgage Lending, LLC, as guarantors, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee and notes collateral agent (including the form of Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. s 4.625 Senior Secured Notes due 2029), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2021 (File No.: 001-34452). 
 4.6 Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 10.1 Management Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2009, between Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. and ACREFI Management, LLC., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 (File No.: 001-34452). 
 10.2 License Agreement dated as of September 23, 2009, between Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. and Apollo Global Management, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 (File No.: 001-34452). 
 10.3 Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on March 3, 2017 (File No. 001-34452). 
 10.4 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant's Form S-11, as amended (Registration No. 333-160533). 
 10.5 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2015 (File No. 001-34452). 
 10.6 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.'s directors and officers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Registrant s Form S-11, as amended (Registration No. 333-160533). 
 10.7 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 18, 2015, between Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. and QH RE Asset Company LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on September 23, 2015 (File No. 001-34452). 
 10.8 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 18, 2015, between Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. and QH RE Asset Company LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on September 23, 2015 (File No. 001-34452). 
 10.9 Amended and Restated Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Form S-8 filed on July 15, 2019 (File No. 333-232660). 
 10.10 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Registrant s Form S-8 filed on July 15, 2019 (File No. 333-232660). 
 
 98 

10.11 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of the Registrant s Form S-8 filed on July 15, 2019 (File No. 333-232660). 
 10.12 Trust Deed, dated June 30, 2020, by and between ACRE Debt 2 PLC, as issuer, and U.S. Bank Trustees Limited, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2020 (File No.: 001-34452). 
 10.13 Incorporated Terms Memorandum, dated June 30, 2020, by and among ACRE Debt 2 PLC, ACREFI B, LLC, ACREFI BN, LLC, U.S. Bank Trustees Limited, Barclays Bank plc, and the other parties identified therein (portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Rule 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2020 (File No.: 001-34452). 
 10.14 Registration Rights Agreement with respect to Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. s 7.25 Series B-1 Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock dated July 14, 2021 by and between Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc., QH RE Asset Company LLC and DIC Holding II LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2021 (File No. 001-34452) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on signature page). 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document) 
 Filed herewith. 
 99 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 Not Applicable. 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. February 8, 2023 By: /s/ Stuart A. Rothstein Stuart A. Rothstein President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) February 8, 2023 By: /s/ Anastasia Mironova Anastasia Mironova Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 Each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Stuart A. Rothstein, Anastasia Mironova and Jessica L. Lomm and each of them, with full power to act without the other, as such person s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this Form 10-K, and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with exhibits and schedules thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary or desirable to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report was signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

100 

February 8, 2023 By: 
 /s/ Stuart A. Rothstein 
 Stuart A. Rothstein President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) February 8, 2023 By: 
 /s/ Anastasia Mironova Anastasia Mironova Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) February 8, 2023 By: 
 /s/ Mark C. Biderman 
 Mark C. Biderman 
 Director 
 February 8, 2023 By: 
 /s/ Pamela G. Carlton 
 Pamela G. Carlton 
 Director 
 February 8, 2023 By: 
 /s/ Brenna Haysom 
 Brenna Haysom 
 Director 
 February 8, 2023 By: 
 /s/ Robert A. Kasdin 
 Robert A. Kasdin 
 Director 
 February 8, 2023 By: 
 /s/ Katherine Newman 
 Katherine Newman 
 Director 
 February 8, 2023 By: 
 /s/ Eric L. Press 
 Eric L. Press 
 Director 
 February 8, 2023 By: 
 /s/ Scott S. Prince 
 Scott S. Prince 
 Director 
 February 8, 2023 By: 
 /s/ Michael E. Salvati 
 Michael E. Salvati 
 Director 
 February 8, 2023 By: 
 /s/ Carmencita N.M. Whonder 
 Carmencita N.M. Whonder 
 Director 

101 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 ari-20221231xex46.htm
 EX-4.6

Document 

DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following is a brief summary of the material terms of the securities of Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. (the Company, we, us or our registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). This summary description is not meant to be complete. The particular terms of any security are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to Maryland law and our charter and bylaws, copies of which have been filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 General 
 
 Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. was formed on June 29, 2009. Our charter provides that we may issue up to 450,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.01 par value per share, and up to 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.01 par value per share, of which 6,770,393 shares are classified and designated as shares of 7.25 Series B-1 Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock (the Series B-1 Preferred Stock as of December 31, 2022. Our charter authorizes our board of directors to amend our charter by a majority vote of the entire board of directors to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of stock or the authorized number of shares of stock of any class or series without common stockholder approval. Under Maryland law, our stockholders generally will not be personally liable for any of our debts or obligations solely as a result of their status as stockholders. 
 
 Power to Reclassify Our Unissued Shares of Stock 
 
 Our charter authorizes our board of directors to classify and reclassify from time to time any unissued shares of common or preferred stock into other classes or series of stock, including one or more classes or series of stock that have priority over our common stock with respect to voting rights, dividends or upon liquidation, and to authorize us to issue the newly-classified shares. Prior to the issuance of shares of each new class or series, our board of directors is required by Maryland law and by our charter to set, subject to the provisions of our charter regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, the preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption for each class or series. Subject to the rights of holders of any other class or series of our stock, including our Series B-1 Preferred Stock, our board of directors may take these actions without stockholder approval unless stockholder approval is required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange or automatic quotation system on which our securities are listed or traded. Therefore, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of shares of common or preferred stock with terms and conditions that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control or other transaction that might involve a premium price for shares of our common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 
 Power to Increase or Decrease Authorized Shares of Stock and Issue Additional Shares of Common and 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 We believe that the power of our board of directors to amend our charter to increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of stock, to authorize us to issue additional authorized but unissued shares of common or preferred stock and to classify or reclassify unissued shares of common or preferred stock and thereafter to authorize us to issue such classified or reclassified shares of stock provides us with increased flexibility in structuring possible future financings and acquisitions and in meeting other needs that might arise. The additional classes or series, as well as the additional shares of common stock, will be available for issuance without further action by our common stockholders, unless such approval is required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or traded. Although our board of directors does not currently intend to do so, it could authorize us to issue a class or series of stock that could, depending upon the terms of the particular class or series, delay, defer or prevent a change in control or other transaction that might involve a premium price for shares of our common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 
 24005400152-v2 - 1 - 
 80-40477710 

Common Stock 
 
 Subject to the preferential rights of holders of any other class or series of our stock (including the Series B-1 Preferred Stock) and to the provisions of our charter regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, holders of outstanding shares of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends on such shares of common stock out of assets legally available for such purposes if, as and when authorized by our board of directors and declared by us, and the holders of outstanding shares of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up after payment of or adequate provision for all our known debts and liabilities. 
 
 Shares of our common stock have been issued by us and do not represent any interest in or obligation of ACREFI Management, LLC Manager ), Apollo Global Management, Inc. Apollo or any of their affiliates. Further, the shares are not a deposit or other obligation of any bank, are not an insurance policy of any insurance company and are not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Company, any other governmental agency or any insurance company. The shares of common stock will not benefit from any insurance guaranty association coverage or any similar protection. 
 
 Subject to the provisions of our charter regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock and except as may otherwise be specified in the terms of any class or series of stock, each outstanding share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors and, except as provided with respect to any other class or series of stock, the holders of shares of common stock will possess the exclusive voting power. A plurality of the votes cast in the election of directors is sufficient to elect a director, subject to our majority vote policy for the election of directors in an uncontested election, described below. In addition, there is no cumulative voting in the election of directors. Consequently, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock can elect all of the directors then standing for election (other than any directors elected solely by the holders of any other classes and series of our stock), and the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any directors. 
 
 Our Corporate Governance Guidelines sets forth our majority vote policy for the election of directors. Pursuant to this policy, in any uncontested election of directors, any nominee who receives a greater number of votes withheld from his or her election than votes for such election shall promptly tender his or her resignation to our board of directors following certification of the stockholder vote. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall promptly consider the resignation and make a recommendation to our board of directors with respect to the tendered resignation. In considering whether to accept or reject the tendered resignation, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall consider all factors it deems relevant, which may include the stated reasons, if any, why stockholders withheld votes from the director, any alternatives for curing the underlying cause of the withheld votes, the length of service and qualifications of the director, the director s past and expected future contributions to our company, the composition of our board of directors, and such other information and factors as members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall determine are relevant. 
 
 Holders of shares of common stock have no preference, conversion, exchange, sinking fund, redemption or appraisal rights and have no pre-emptive rights to subscribe for any securities of our company. Subject to the provisions of our charter regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, shares of common stock will have equal dividend, liquidation and other rights. 
 
 Under the Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL ), a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, amend its charter, merge or consolidate with or convert into another entity, sell all or substantially all of its assets or engage in a statutory share exchange unless the action is advised by its board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, unless a lesser percentage (but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter) is specified in its charter. Subject to the voting rights of holders of any other class or series of our stock, 
 24005400152-v2 - 2 - 
 80-40477710 

including the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, our charter provides that these actions (other than certain amendments to the provisions of our charter related to the removal of directors and the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, and the vote required to amend such provisions, which must be approved by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the amendment) must be approved by a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Equiniti Trust Company. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 General 
 
 Our charter provides that we may issue up to 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.01 par value per share. 
 
 Preferred stock may be issued independently or together with any other securities and may be attached to or separate from the securities. The issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power, dividend rights and other rights of holders of common stock. Our board of directors or a duly authorized committee thereof could establish another class or series of preferred stock that could depending on the terms of the series delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control of our company that might involve a premium price for the Series B-1 Preferred Stock or otherwise be in the best interest of the holders thereof. 
 
 Subject to the limitations prescribed by our charter (including the rights of holders of Series B-1 Preferred Stock to approve the authorization, classification or reclassification of any senior securities, and to approve the issuance of additional shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock), our board of directors may classify any unissued shares of preferred stock and reclassify any previously classified but unissued shares of any class or series of preferred stock, and may authorize us to issue the newly-classified shares. Prior to issuance of shares of each class or series of preferred stock, our board of directors is required by the MGCL and our charter to set, subject to provisions in our charter regarding restrictions on ownership and transfer, the preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption for each class or series. 
 
 6,770,393 of our authorized shares of preferred stock have been classified by our board of directors as shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock. 
 
 Series B-1 Preferred Stock Conversion Rights 
 
 Definitions 
 
 As used herein, the following terms have the following meanings 
 
 A Change of Control will be deemed to have occurred at such time after the original issuance of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock when the following have occurred (i) an Ownership Change of Control or (ii) a Manager Change of Control. 
 
 The Change of Control Conversion Date will be a business day specified by us in a Change of Control Notice that is no less than 20 days nor more than 35 days after the date on which we provide the Change of Control Notice. 
 
 The Common Stock Price will be (i) if the consideration to be received in connection with the transaction that resulted in the Ownership Change of Control by holders of our common stock is solely cash, the amount of cash consideration per share of common stock, (ii) if the consideration to be received in the Ownership Change of Control by holders of our common stock is other than solely cash, including cash, other securities or other property or assets (or any combination thereof), a holder of Series B-1 Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, upon conversion of such shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock, the average of the closing prices per share of 
 24005400152-v2 - 3 - 
 80-40477710 

common stock on the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the effective date of the Ownership Change of Control, and (iii) if there is not a readily determinable closing price for the common stock or other consideration, the fair market value of our common stock or such other consideration, as determined by our board of directors or a committee thereof (the Alternative Conversion Consideration ). The Common Stock Conversion Consideration (defined below) or the Alternative Conversion Consideration, as may be applicable to an Ownership Change of Control, are referred to herein as the Conversion Consideration. 
 
 A Manager Change of Control will be deemed to have occurred at such time after the original issuance of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock when our Manager or an affiliate of Apollo is no longer our external manager. 
 
 An Ownership Change of Control will be deemed to have occurred at such time after the original issuance of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock when the following have occurred 
 
 (i) the acquisition by any person, including any syndicate or group deemed to be a person under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, of beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, through a purchase, merger or other acquisition transaction or series of purchases, mergers or other acquisition transactions of shares of our stock entitling that person to exercise more than 50 of the total voting power of all shares of our stock entitled to vote generally in elections of directors (except that such person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only upon the occurrence of a subsequent condition) and 
 
 (ii) following the closing of any transaction referred to in clause (i) above, neither we nor the acquiring or surviving entity has a class of common securities (or American Depositary Receipts representing such securities) listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ), the NYSE American or the NASDAQ Stock Market NASDAQ ), or listed or quoted on an exchange that is a successor to the NYSE, NYSE American or the NASDAQ. 
 
 Change of Control Redemption 
 
 Within 15 days after the occurrence of any Change of Control, we must provide to holders of Series B-1 Preferred Stock a notice of the Change of Control (a Change of Control Notice that describes the events constituting the Change of Control and the date of the Change of Control, identifies whether the Change of Control is an Ownership Change of Control and, if the Change of Control is an Ownership Change of Control, provides certain information with respect to the Change of Control Conversion. Upon written notice by the holders of a majority of the shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock outstanding on the date of the Change of Control, no later than (i) in the case of a Manager Change of Control, 15 days following delivery by the Company of the Change of Control Notice referred to above and (ii) in the case of an Ownership Change of Control, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, we will be obligated to redeem the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, in whole (subject to any partial exercise of the Change of Control Conversion Right), as soon as practicable and in any event within 120 days after the date on which such Change of Control has occurred (the Change of Control Redemption Right ), for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus all accumulated and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the redemption date, unless the applicable redemption date is after the record date fixed for a Series B-1 Preferred Stock dividend and prior to the corresponding dividend payment date, in which case no additional amount for such accrued and unpaid dividend will be included in the redemption price. 
 
 Conversion Upon an Ownership Change of Control 
 
 Upon the occurrence of an Ownership Change of Control, each holder of Series B-1 Preferred Stock will have the right, subject to the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock contained in our charter, to convert some or all of the shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock held by such holder (the Change of Control Conversion Right ), on the relevant Change of Control Conversion Date into a number of shares of our common stock per share of Series B-1 Preferred Stock to be converted (the Common Stock Conversion Consideration equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the sum of (x) 25.00, plus (y) an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid 
 24005400152-v2 - 4 - 
 80-40477710 

dividends (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the Change of Control Conversion Date, except if such Change of Control Conversion Date is after a record date fixed for a Series B-1 Preferred Stock dividend and prior to the corresponding Series B-1 Preferred Stock dividend payment date, in which case, no amount for such accrued and unpaid dividend will be included in such sum, by (ii) the Common Stock Price provided, however, that in no event will the total number of shares of common stock to be issued upon conversion (when taken together with any shares of common stock previously issued to the applicable holder) exceed the number of shares of common stock that would be permitted to be issued upon conversion of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock in the absence of a stockholder vote taken in advance of the issuance of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock under Item 312.00 of the Listed Company Manual of the NYSE, as reasonably determined by our board of directors or a committee thereof (this limitation is referred to herein as the NYSE Conversion Limitation ). 
 
 If, upon the occurrence of an Ownership Change of Control, holders of any shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock exercise their right to convert some or all of their Series B-1 Preferred Stock into common stock, but the NYSE Conversion Limitation operates to limit the number of shares of common stock that we may issue to such holders upon such conversion, the Series B-1 Preferred Stock that may be converted in accordance with the NYSE Conversion Limitation will be so converted into shares of common stock in accordance with the preceding paragraph, while the balance of such shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock will be redeemed for cash at a redemption price equal to the price that would be paid if such remaining shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock were redeemed pursuant to the Change of Control Redemption Right. If any shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock that have been properly tendered for conversion into common stock pursuant to the Change of Control Conversion Right will instead be redeemed pursuant to the foregoing sentence, the shares to be so redeemed will be selected pro rata (as nearly as practicable without creating fractional shares) among the holders thereof based on the number of shares tendered for conversion by each such holder or by any other equitable method we may choose acting reasonably. If the holders of our common stock have the opportunity to elect the form of consideration to be received in connection with the transaction that resulted in the Ownership Change of Control, the Conversion Consideration will be the kind and amount of consideration actually received by holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock that participated in such election (if electing between two types of consideration) or holders of a plurality of our common stock that voted for such an election (if electing between more than two types of consideration), as the case may be, and will be subject to any limitations to which all holders of our common stock are subject, including, without limitation, pro rata reductions applicable to any portion of the consideration payable in connection with the transaction that resulted in the Ownership Change of Control. 
 
 We will not issue fractional shares of common stock upon the conversion of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock. Instead, we will pay the cash value of such fractional shares. 
 
 Within 15 days following the occurrence of a Change of Control, we will provide to holders of Series B-1 Preferred Stock a Change of Control Notice stating the information required by the Articles Supplementary setting forth the terms of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock. Any failure to give such notice or any defect in the notice or in its mailing will not affect the validity of the proceedings for the conversion of any shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given. 
 
 We will issue a press release for publication on the Dow Jones & Company, Inc., Business Wire, PR Newswire, Marketwire or Bloomberg Business News (or, if such organizations are not in existence at the time of issuance of such press release, such other news or press organization as is reasonably calculated to broadly disseminate the relevant information to the public), or post notice on our website, in any event prior to the opening of business on the first business day following any date on which we provide the Change of Control Notice to the holders of Series B-1 Preferred Stock. 
 
 In order to exercise the Change of Control Conversion Right, a holder of Series B-1 Preferred Stock must deliver, on or before the close of business on the Change of Control Conversion Date, the certificates (if any) representing the shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock to be converted, duly endorsed for transfer, together with a written conversion notice completed, to our transfer agent. The conversion notice must state the information required by the Articles Supplementary setting forth the terms of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock. 
 24005400152-v2 - 5 - 
 80-40477710 

Holders of Series B-1 Preferred Stock may withdraw any notice of exercise of a Change of Control Conversion Right (in whole or in part) by a written notice of withdrawal delivered to our transfer agent prior to the close of business on the business day prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, as provided in the Articles Supplementary setting forth the terms of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock. 
 
 Shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock as to which the Change of Control Conversion Right has been properly exercised and for which the conversion notice has not been properly withdrawn will be converted into the applicable Conversion Consideration in accordance with the Change of Control Conversion Right on the Change of Control Conversion Date, but subject to the redemption of certain shares as contemplated above as a result of the NYSE Conversion Limitation and unless, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, we have provided or we provide notice of our election to redeem such shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock pursuant to our optional redemption right. If the Change of Control Conversion Date is after a record date fixed for a Series B-1 Preferred Stock dividend and prior to the corresponding dividend payment date, the holders of Series B-1 Preferred Stock at the close of business on such record date will be entitled to receive the dividend payable on such shares on the corresponding dividend payment date, notwithstanding the conversion of such shares prior to such dividend date. The Corporation must deliver the applicable Conversion Consideration no later than the third business day following the Change of Control Conversion Date. 
 
 In connection with the exercise of any Change of Control Conversion Right, we will comply with all U.S. federal and state securities laws and stock exchange rules in connection with any conversion of Series B-1 Preferred Stock into common stock. No holder of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock will be entitled to convert such Series B-1 Preferred Stock into our common stock to the extent that receipt of such common stock would cause such holder (or any other person) to exceed the stock ownership limits contained in our charter. 
 
 These Change of Control conversion and redemption features may make it more difficult for, or discourage, a third party from taking over our company. 
 
 Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer 
 
 The following summary with respect to restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock sets forth certain general terms and provisions of our charter documents. This summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our charter, a copy of which has been filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 In order for us to qualify as a real estate investment trust REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code ), shares of our stock must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months (other than the first year for which an election to be a REIT has been made) or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year. Also, not more than 50 of the value of the outstanding shares of our stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code to include certain entities) during the last half of a taxable year (other than the first year for which an election to be a REIT has been made). To qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy other requirements as well. 
 Our charter (including the Articles Supplementary setting forth the terms of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock) contains restrictions on the ownership and transfer of our stock. The relevant sections of our charter provide that, subject to the exceptions described below, no person or entity may own, or be deemed to own, beneficially or by virtue of the applicable constructive ownership provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, more than (1) 9.8 in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of our common stock (2) 9.8 in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of our Series B-1 Preferred Stock or (3) 9.8 in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of all classes and series of our capital stock. We refer to these limits collectively as the 
 24005400152-v2 - 6 - 
 80-40477710 

ownership limit. An individual or entity is referred to as a prohibited owner if, but for the ownership limit or other restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock described below, had a violative transfer or other event been effective, the individual or entity would have been a record owner and beneficial owner or solely a beneficial owner of shares of our stock. 
 The constructive ownership rules under the Internal Revenue Code are complex and may cause shares of stock owned actually or constructively by a group of related individuals and or entities to be owned constructively by one individual or entity. As a result, the acquisition of less than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of our common stock, Series B-1 Preferred Stock or all classes and series of our capital stock (or the acquisition of an interest in an entity that owns, actually or constructively, shares of our stock by an individual or entity), could, nevertheless, cause that individual or entity, or another individual or entity, to constructively own shares of our stock in excess of the ownership limit. 
 Our board of directors may, in its sole discretion, subject to such conditions as it may determine and the receipt of certain representations and undertakings, prospectively or retroactively, waive the ownership limit or establish a different limit on ownership, or excepted holder limit, for a particular person if, among other conditions, the person s ownership in excess of the ownership limit would not result in our being closely held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Internal Revenue Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of a taxable year) or otherwise would result in our failing to qualify as a REIT. As a condition of its waiver or grant of excepted holder limit, our board of directors may, but is not required to, require an opinion of counsel or ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS satisfactory to our board of directors in order to determine or ensure our qualification as a REIT and may impose such other conditions and limitations as our board of directors may determine. As of December 31, 2022, our board of directors has established exemptions from the ownership limits which, subject to the terms of the exemptions, permit QH RE Asset Company LLC and DIC Holding II LLC in the aggregate to hold up to 6,770,393 shares of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock and 19.9 of our common stock, Apollo and certain of its affiliates to collectively hold up to 25 of our common stock, a certain institutional investor to hold up to 20 of our common stock and certain institutional investors and certain of their specified affiliates to each collectively hold up to 15 of our common stock. 
 In connection with granting a waiver of the ownership limit, creating an excepted holder limit or at any other time, our board of directors may from time to time increase or decrease the ownership limit unless, after giving effect to such increase, five or fewer individuals could beneficially own in the aggregate more than 49.9 in value of the shares of all classes and series of our capital stock then outstanding or we would otherwise fail to qualify as a REIT. Prior to the modification of the ownership limit, our board of directors may require such opinions of counsel, affidavits, undertakings or agreements as it may deem necessary or advisable in order to determine or ensure our qualification as a REIT. A reduced ownership limit will not apply to any person or entity whose percentage ownership of our common stock, Series B-1 Preferred Stock or stock of all classes and series, as applicable, is in excess of such decreased ownership limit until such time as such individual s or entity s percentage ownership of our common stock, Series B-1 Preferred Stock or stock of all classes and series, as applicable, equals or falls below the decreased ownership limit, but any further acquisition of shares of our common stock, Series B-1 Preferred Stock or stock of any other class or series, as applicable, in excess of such percentage ownership of our common stock, Series B-1 Preferred Stock or stock of all classes and series will be in violation of the reduced ownership limit. 
 Our charter further prohibits 
 any person from beneficially or constructively owning, applying certain attribution rules of the Internal Revenue Code, shares of our stock that would result in our being closely held under Section 856(h) of the Internal Revenue Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of a taxable year) or otherwise cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT and 
 24005400152-v2 - 7 - 
 80-40477710 

any person from transferring shares of our stock if such transfer would result in shares of our stock being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons (determined without reference to any rules of attribution). 
 
 Any person who acquires or attempts or intends to acquire beneficial or constructive ownership of shares of our stock that will or may violate the ownership limit or any of the other foregoing restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, or who would have owned shares of our stock transferred to a trust as described below, must immediately give us written notice of the event or, in the case of an attempted or proposed transaction, must give at least 15 days prior written notice to us and provide us with such other information as we may request in order to determine the effect of such transfer on our qualification as a REIT. The foregoing restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock will not apply if our board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT or that compliance with the restrictions and limitations on ownership and transfer of our stock as described above is no longer required in order for us to qualify as a REIT. 
 If any transfer of shares of our stock would result in shares of our stock being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons, such transfer will be null and void and the intended transferee will acquire no rights in such shares. In addition, if any purported transfer of shares of our stock or any other event would otherwise result in any person violating the ownership limit or an excepted holder limit established by our board of directors or in our being closely held under Section 856(h) of the Internal Revenue Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of a taxable year) or otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT, then that number of shares (rounded up to the nearest whole share) that would cause such person to violate such restrictions will be automatically transferred to, and held by, a trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more charitable organizations selected by us and the intended transferee will acquire no rights in such shares. The automatic transfer will be effective as of the close of business on the business day prior to the date of the violative transfer or other event that results in a transfer to the trust. If the transfer to the trust as described above is not automatically effective, for any reason, to prevent violation of the applicable ownership limit or our being closely held under Section 856(h) of the Internal Revenue Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of a taxable year) or otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT, then our charter provides that the transfer of the shares will be null and void. 
 Shares of stock transferred to the trustee are deemed offered for sale to us, or our designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (1) the price paid by the prohibited owner for the shares (or, if the event that resulted in the transfer to the trust did not involve a purchase of such shares of stock at market price, the last reported sales price on the NYSE (or other applicable exchange on which shares of our stock are listed) on the day of the event which resulted in the transfer of such shares of stock to the trust) and (2) the market price on the date we accept, or our designee accepts, such offer. We may reduce this amount by the amount of any dividend or other distribution that we have paid to the prohibited owner before we discovered that the shares had been automatically transferred to the trust and that are then owed to the trustee as described above, and we may pay the amount of any such reduction to the trustee for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary. We have the right to accept such offer until the trustee has sold the shares of our stock held in the trust as discussed below. Upon a sale to us, the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares sold terminates, the trustee must distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the prohibited owner and any dividends or other distributions held by the trustee with respect to such shares of stock will be paid to the charitable beneficiary. 
 If we do not buy the shares, the trustee must, within 20 days of receiving notice from us of the transfer of shares to the trust, sell the shares to a person or entity designated by the trustee who could own the shares without violating the ownership limit or the other restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock. After the sale of the shares, the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares transferred to the trust will terminate and the trustee must distribute to the prohibited owner an amount equal to the lesser of (1) the price paid by the prohibited owner 
 24005400152-v2 - 8 - 
 80-40477710 

for the shares (or, if the event which resulted in the transfer to the trust did not involve a purchase of such shares at market price, the last reported sales price on the NYSE (or other applicable exchange) on the day of the event which resulted in the transfer of such shares of stock to the trust) and (2) the sales proceeds (net of commissions and other expenses of sale) received by the trust for the shares. The trustee may (or in the case of shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock transferred to the trust in connection with a violation of the ownership limit applicable to such preferred stock, must) reduce the amount payable to the prohibited owner by the amount of any dividend or other distribution that we paid to the prohibited owner before we discovered that the shares had been automatically transferred to the trust and that are then owed to the trustee as described above. Any net sales proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the prohibited owner must be immediately paid to the beneficiary of the trust, together with any dividends or other distributions thereon. In addition, if, prior to discovery by us that shares of stock have been transferred to a trust, such shares of stock are sold by a prohibited owner, then such shares will be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the trust and, to the extent that the prohibited owner received an amount for or in respect of such shares that exceeds the amount that such prohibited owner was entitled to receive, such excess amount will be paid to the trustee upon demand. The prohibited owner has no rights in the shares held by the trustee. 
 The trustee will be designated by us and will be unaffiliated with us and with any prohibited owner. Prior to the sale of any shares by the trust, the trustee will receive, in trust for the beneficiary of the trust, all dividends and other distributions paid by us with respect to the shares held in trust and may also exercise all voting rights with respect to the shares held in trust. These rights will be exercised for the exclusive benefit of the beneficiary of the trust. Any dividend or other distribution paid to a prohibited owner prior to our discovery that shares of stock have been transferred to the trust will be paid by the recipient to the trustee upon demand. 
 Subject to Maryland law, effective as of the date that the shares have been transferred to the trust, the trustee will have the authority, at the trustee s sole discretion 
 to rescind as void any vote cast by a prohibited owner prior to our discovery that the shares have been transferred to the trust and 
 
 to recast the vote in accordance with the desires of the trustee acting for the benefit of the beneficiary of the trust. 
 
 However, if we have already taken irreversible corporate action, then the trustee may not rescind and recast the vote. 
 In addition, if our board of directors determines in good faith that a proposed transfer or other event would violate the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, our board of directors may take such action as it deems advisable to refuse to give effect to or to prevent such transfer, including, but not limited to, causing us to redeem the shares of stock, refusing to give effect to the transfer on our books or instituting proceedings to enjoin the transfer. 
 Every owner of more than 5 (or such lower percentage as required by the Internal Revenue Code or the regulations promulgated thereunder) of our stock, within 30 days after the end of each taxable year, must give us written notice, stating the stockholder s name and address, the number of shares of each class and series of our stock that the stockholder beneficially owns and a description of the manner in which the shares are held. Each such owner must provide to us in writing such additional information as we may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of the stockholder s beneficial ownership on our qualification as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the ownership limit applicable to our common stock or all classes and series of our capital stock. Every owner of our Series B-1 Preferred Stock and each person holding Series B-1 Preferred Stock for a beneficial or constructive owner of Series B-1 Preferred Stock must, within 30 days after the end of each taxable year, provide us with a completed questionnaire containing the information regarding its ownership of such shares, as set forth in the 
 24005400152-v2 - 9 - 
 80-40477710 

regulations promulgated under the Internal Revenue Code, as in effect from time to time, and must, upon demand, provide us in writing with such information as we may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such person s actual or constructive ownership of our Series B-1 Preferred Stock on our qualification as a REIT or to ensure compliance with the ownership limit applicable to the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, or any applicable excepted holder limit. In addition, each stockholder must provide to us in writing such information as we may request in good faith in order to determine our qualification as a REIT and to comply with the requirements of any taxing authority or governmental authority or to determine such compliance. 
 Any certificates representing shares of our stock bear a legend referring to the restrictions described above. These restrictions on ownership and transfer could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for the common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of the stockholders. 
 
 Description of Certain Provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law and our Charter and Bylaws 
 
 The following summary of certain provisions of Maryland law and of our charter and bylaws does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to Maryland law and our charter and bylaws, copies of which have been filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Our Board of Directors 
 
 Our charter and bylaws provide that, except as provided in the terms of our Series B-1 Preferred Stock, the number of directors we have may be established only by our board of directors but may not be fewer than the minimum required under the MGCL, which is currently one, and our bylaws provide that the number of our directors may not be more than 15. Subject to the terms of any class or series of preferred stock, including our Series B-1 Preferred Stock, vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy will hold office for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies. 
 
 At each annual meeting of our stockholders, our stockholders will elect each of our directors to serve until the next annual meeting of our stockholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies. A plurality of the votes cast in the election of directors is sufficient to elect a director, provided, however, that pursuant to our majority vote policy for the election of directors, in an uncontested election, any nominee for director who receives a greater number of votes withheld from his or her election than votes for such election is required to tender his or her resignation to our board of directors. In addition, holders of shares of common stock will have no right to cumulative voting in the election of directors. Consequently, at each annual meeting of stockholders, subject to any applicable rights of holders of our other securities, the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote will be able to elect all of our directors. 
 
 Holders of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock generally have no voting rights in the election of directors. However, if and whenever six quarterly dividends (whether or not consecutive) payable on the Series B-1 Preferred Stock are in arrears, whether or not declared, the number of our directors will be increased automatically by two (unless the number of our directors has previously been so increased pursuant to the terms of any class or series of preferred stock ranking on parity with the Series B-1 Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and amounts upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable (any such other series, the parity preferred stock and with which the holders of Series B-1 Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together as a single class in the election of such directors) and the holders of Series B-1 Preferred Stock and the holders of any class or series of parity preferred stock with which the holders of Series B-1 Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together as a single class in the election of such directors, voting as a single class, will have the right to elect two directors of our company (the Preferred Stock Directors at any annual meeting of stockholders or properly called special meeting of the holders of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock (including to fill any vacancy on the board of directors resulting from the removal of a Preferred Stock Director), until all such dividends and dividends for the then current quarterly period on the Series B-1 Preferred Stock have been paid or declared and set aside for payment. Whenever all such dividends on the Series B-1 
 24005400152-v2 - 10 - 
 80-40477710 

Preferred Stock then outstanding have been paid and full dividends on the Series B-1 Preferred Stock for the then-current quarterly dividend period have been paid in full or declared and set apart for payment in full, then the right of the holders of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock to elect the Preferred Stock Directors will cease and, unless there remain outstanding shares of parity preferred stock of any class or series for which the right to vote in the election of Preferred Stock Directors remains exercisable, the terms of office of the Preferred Stock Directors will terminate automatically and the number of our directors will be reduced accordingly and automatically. However, the right of the holders of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock to elect the Preferred Stock Directors will again vest if and whenever dividends are in arrears for six new quarterly periods, as described above. In no event will the holders of Series B-1 Preferred Stock be entitled to nominate or elect a director if such individual s election as a director would cause us to fail to satisfy a requirement relating to director independence of any national securities exchange on which any class or series of our stock is listed. In class votes with other parity preferred stock, preferred stock of different series may vote in proportion to the liquidation preference of the preferred stock. 
 
 Removal of Directors 
 
 Our charter provides that, subject to the rights of holders of one or more classes or series of preferred stock to elect or remove one or more directors, a director may be removed with or without cause and only by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. This provision, when coupled with the exclusive power of our board of directors to fill vacancies on our board of directors, precludes stockholders from (1) removing incumbent directors except upon a two-thirds vote and (2) filling the vacancies created by such removal with their own nominees. Preferred Stock Directors may be removed by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of Preferred Stock Directors. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 Under the MGCL, certain business combinations (including a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or, in certain circumstances, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities) between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock or an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock of the corporation) or an affiliate of such an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Thereafter, any such business combination must generally be recommended by the board of directors of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least (a) 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding voting stock of the corporation and (b) two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom (or with whose affiliate) the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder, unless, among other conditions, the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price (as defined in the MGCL) for their shares and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. A person is not an interested stockholder under the statute if the Maryland corporation s board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which the person otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. The board of directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by it. 
 
 Pursuant to the statute, our board of directors has by resolution exempted business combinations (1) between us and any other person, provided that such business combination is first approved by our board of directors (including a majority of our directors who are not affiliates or associates of such person) and (2) between us and Apollo or any of its affiliates and associates, or persons acting in concert with any of the foregoing. As a result, any person described above may be able to enter into business combinations with us that may not be in the best interest of our stockholders, without compliance with the supermajority vote requirements and other provisions of the statute. 
 
 The business combination statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. 
 24005400152-v2 - 11 - 
 80-40477710 

Control Share Acquisitions 
 
 The MGCL provides that a holder of control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition has no voting rights with respect to the control shares except to the extent approved by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by stockholders on the matter, other than (1) the person who makes or proposes to make a control share acquisition, (2) an officer of the corporation or (3) an employee of the corporation who is also a director of the corporation. Control shares are issued and outstanding voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other such shares of stock owned by the acquirer, or in respect of which the acquirer is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power (A) one-tenth or more but less than one-third (B) one-third or more but less than a majority or (C) a majority of all voting power. Control shares do not include shares that the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval or shares acquired directly from the corporation. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition, upon satisfaction of certain conditions (including an undertaking to pay expenses and delivering an acquiring person statement as described in the MGCL), may compel the corporation s board of directors to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. If no request for a meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. 
 
 If voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then, subject to certain conditions and limitations, the corporation may redeem any or all of the control shares (except those for which voting rights have previously been approved) for fair value determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of such shares are considered and not approved or, if no such meeting is held, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquirer. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquirer becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of such appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquirer in the control share acquisition. 
 
 The control share acquisition statute does not apply to, among other things, (a) shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or statutory share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (b) acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. 
 
 Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of shares of our stock. There is no assurance that such provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 
 Subtitle 8 
 
 Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL permits a Maryland corporation with a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act and at least three independent directors to elect to be subject, by provision in its charter or bylaws or a resolution of its board of directors and notwithstanding any contrary provision in the charter or bylaws, to any or all of five provisions of the MGCL which provide for 
 
 a classified board 
 
 a two-thirds vote requirement for removing a director 
 a requirement that the number of directors be fixed only by vote of the board of directors 
 
 a requirement that a vacancy on the board be filled only by the remaining directors in office and (if the board is classified) for the remainder of the remaining term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred and 
 
 24005400152-v2 - 12 - 
 80-40477710 

a majority requirement for the calling of a stockholder-requested special meeting of stockholders. 
 
 We have elected in our charter to be subject to the provision of Subtitle 8 that provides that, except as provided in the terms of any class or series of our stock, including our Series B-1 Preferred Stock, vacancies on our board may be filled only by the remaining directors and that directors elected to fill vacancies will serve for the remainder of the term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred. Through provisions in our charter and bylaws unrelated to Subtitle 8, we already (1) require the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast not less than two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors for the removal of any director (other than a Preferred Stock Director) from the board, with or without cause, (2) vest in the board the exclusive power to fix the number of directorships and (3) require, unless called by our chairman of the board, our chief executive officer, our president or our board of directors, the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all votes entitled to be cast at such a meeting to call a special meeting. 
 
 Meetings of Stockholders 
 
 Pursuant to our bylaws, a meeting of our stockholders for the election of directors and the transaction of any business will be held annually on a date and at the time and place set by our board of directors. The chairman of our board of directors, our chief executive officer, our president or our board of directors may call a special meeting of our stockholders. Subject to the provisions of our bylaws (and other than a special meeting called as described above for the purpose of electing Preferred Stock Directors), a special meeting of our stockholders to act on any matter that may properly be brought before a meeting of our stockholders will also be called by our secretary upon the written request of the stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting on such matter and containing the information required by our bylaws. Our secretary will inform the requesting stockholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and delivering the notice of meeting (including our proxy materials), and the requesting stockholder must pay such estimated cost before our secretary is required to prepare and deliver the notice of the special meeting. 
 
 Amendment to Our Charter and Bylaws 
 
 Except for amendments to the provisions of our charter relating to the removal of directors and the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, and the vote required to amend these provisions (each of which must be advised by our board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter), our charter generally may be amended only if advised by our board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. The affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock and any class or series of parity preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred (voting together as a single class) is required to amend our charter (including the Articles Supplementary setting forth the terms of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock) in a manner that materially and adversely affects the rights of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock and any such class or series of parity preferred stock, except that, if such amendment does not affect equally the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of one or more class or series of preferred stock so voting together as a single class, the consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of each class or series of preferred stock not affected equally (each voting as a separate class) is required to approve such amendment. So long as (1) any shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock remain outstanding and (2) at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock are held by the persons to whom the shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock were issued on July 15, 2021 or their affiliates, the holders of shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock will have the exclusive right to vote on any amendment to our charter on which holders of Series B-1 Preferred Stock are entitled to vote pursuant to Section 6(d) of the Articles Supplementary setting forth the terms of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock and that would alter only the contract rights, as expressly set forth in our charter, of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, and the holders of any other class(es) or series of stock of the Corporation will not be entitled to vote on such an amendment. 
 
 Our board of directors has the exclusive power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of our bylaws and to make new bylaws. 
 
 24005400152-v2 - 13 - 
 80-40477710 

Exclusive Forum for Certain Litigation 
 
 Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or if that court does not have jurisdiction, the U.S. district court for the district of Maryland, Baltimore Division, will be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any director, officer, other employee or agent to us or to our stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against us or any director, officer, other employee or agent of ours arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL or our charter or bylaws or (d) any action asserting a claim against us or any director, officer, other employee or agent that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 
 Dissolution of Our Company 
 
 The dissolution of our company must be advised by a majority of our entire board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 
 Advance Notice of Director Nominations and New Business 
 
 Our bylaws provide that, with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of individuals for election to our board of directors and the proposal of other business to be considered by stockholders may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by or at the direction of our board of directors or (3) by a stockholder who was a stockholder of record both at the time of giving the notice required by our bylaws and at the time of the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting on such business or in the election of such nominee and who has provided notice to us within the time period containing the information specified by the advance notice provisions set forth in our bylaws. 
 
 With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to our board of directors may be made only (1) by or at the direction of our board of directors or (2) provided that the meeting has been called for the purpose of electing directors, by a stockholder who was a stockholder of record both at the time of giving the notice required by our bylaws and at the time of the special meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of such nominee and who has provided notice to us within the time period containing the information specified by the advance notice provisions set forth in our bylaws. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effect of Certain Provisions of Maryland Law and of Our Charter and Bylaws 
 
 Our charter and bylaws and Maryland law contain provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a change in control or other transaction that might involve a premium price for shares of our common stock or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders, including business combination provisions, supermajority vote requirements and advance notice requirements for director nominations and stockholder proposals. Likewise, if the provision in our bylaws opting out of the control share acquisition provisions of the MGCL were rescinded or if we were to opt in to the classified board or other provisions of Subtitle 8, these provisions of the MGCL could have similar anti-takeover effects. 
 
 REIT Qualification 
 
 Our charter provides that our board of directors may authorize us to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without approval of our stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interests to continue to qualify as a REIT. 
 24005400152-v2 - 14 - 
 80-40477710 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ari-20221231xex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 Subsidiary 
 Jurisdiction of Formation 
 ACREFI Operating, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB Member, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB-Series I 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB-Series II 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB-Series III 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB-Series IV 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB-Series V 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB-Series VI 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB-Series VII 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB-Series VIII 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB-Series IX 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB-Series X 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB-Series XI 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB-Series XII 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB-Series XIII 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB-Series XIV 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB-Series XV 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB-Series XVI 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB-Series XVII 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB-Series XVIII 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB-Series XIX 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB-Series XX 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Currency, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Lender, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI I TRS, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI II TRS, Ltd. 
 Cayman Islands 
 ACREFI III TRS, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Mezzanine, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings J-II, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Mortgage Lending, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Insurance Services, LLC 
 Michigan 
 PEM Kent Holdings, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings U-1, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings J-I, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Holdings J-1 JV, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Operating J-1 JV, LLC 
 Delaware 

ACREFI Holdings J-I JV Member, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings J-I JV Managing Member, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI M JV, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI W-1, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI W-2, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Cash Management, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ARM Operating, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ARM TRS, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ARWL 2013-1 Trust 
 Delaware 
 ARWL 2013-1 REO Trust 
 Delaware 
 ARWL 2014-1 Trust 
 Delaware 
 Apollo Residential Mortgage Loans, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Apollo Residential Mortgage Securities, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI GS Member, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI GS, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI CS Member, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI CS, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI CS U Member, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI CS U, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI HS Member, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI HS, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Europe Lending, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI B, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACRE Debt 2 PLC 
 United Kingdom 
 ACREFI B-II, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI BN, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI GS UK Member, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI GS UK, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI BN, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI BA, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI MF, LLC 
 Delaware 
 WSRH Washington, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI MF Lessee, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI FS, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB Series XXI Delaware 
 ACREFI Holdings DB Series XXII Delaware 
 ACREFI HIS, LLC Delaware 
 ACREFI MU, LLC Delaware 
 ACREFI MU Member, LLC Delaware 
 Apollo Commercial Lending (Italy) - ARI Sub Fund Italy ACREFI HS II, LLC Delaware 

ACREFI SAN Holdings, LLC Delaware 
 ACREFI SAN, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ari-20221231xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements of our report dated February 8, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc., and the effectiveness of Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 1. Registration Statement No. 333-255728 on Form S-3 pertaining to the offering from time to time of Common Stock, Preferred Stock, Depositary Shares, Debt Securities, Warrants and Rights 
 2. Registration Statement No. 333-234545 on Form S-3 pertaining to the offering and resale from time to time of 10,493,529 shares of Common Stock and 6,770,393 shares of 8.00 Fixed-to-Floating Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock 
 3. Registration Statement No. 333-177556 on Form S-3 pertaining to the offering and resale from time to time of 3,495,000 shares of Common Stock 
 4. Registration Statement No. 333-232660 on Form S-8 pertaining to the Amended and Restated Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 5. Registration Statement No. 333-249885 on Form S-3 pertaining to Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance Inc. s Direct Stock Purchase and Dividend Reinvestment Plan 

s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 February 8, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ari-20221231xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Stuart A. Rothstein, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 8, 2023 By s Stuart A. Rothstein Name Stuart A. Rothstein Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ari-20221231xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Anastasia Mironova, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 8, 2023 By s Anastasia Mironova Name Anastasia Mironova 
 Title Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ari-20221231xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S. C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The undersigned, the President and Chief Executive Officer of Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies on the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), filed concurrently herewith by the Company, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 8, 2023 By s Stuart A. Rothstein Name Stuart A. Rothstein Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 The undersigned, the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies on the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), filed concurrently herewith by the Company, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 8, 2023 By s Anastasia Mironova Name Anastasia Mironova Title Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 
 
 Pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Commission Release 33-8238, dated June 5, 2003, this certification is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or incorporated by reference in any registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ari-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ari-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ari-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ari-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ari-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

