<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_1595974_0001595974-23-000010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14830019</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>433045</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2525734</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4316957</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3986520</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3350817</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001595974-23-000010.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222162728
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001595974-23-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		136
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MAGNITE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001595974
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				208881738
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36384
		FILM NUMBER:		23653539

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1250 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-243-2769

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1250 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RUBICON PROJECT, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140106

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001595974-23-000010.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 mgni-20221231.htm
 10-K

mgni-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________ 
 FORM 
 __________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____________ to _____________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 __________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 __________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 
 _ 
 ______________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 __________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant (based on the closing sales price of such shares on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 30, 2022) was approximately . 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Class Outstanding as of February 16, 2023 Common Stock, 0.00001 par value 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

Table of Contents 

 MAGNITE, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page No. Special Note About Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 Part I Item 1. Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 16 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 
 Item 2. Properties 
 40 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 40 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 40 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 41 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 42 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 43 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 60 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 62 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 108 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 108 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 109 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 109 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 109 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 109 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 110 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 110 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 110 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 111 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 113 
 Signatures 
 114 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS; SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K and related statements by the Company contain forward-looking statements, including statements based upon or relating to our expectations, assumptions, estimates, and projections. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as "may," "might," "will," "objective," "intend," "should," "could," "can," "would," "expect," "believe," "design," "anticipate," "estimate," "predict," "potential," "plan" or the negative of these terms, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements concerning acquisitions by the Company, including the acquisition of SpotX, Inc. ("SpotX," and such acquisition the "SpotX Acquisition"), the acquisition of SpringServe, LLC ("SpringServe," and such acquisition the "SpringServe Acquisition"), and the merger with Telaria, Inc. ("Telaria," and such merger the "Telaria Merger"), or the anticipated benefits thereof; statements concerning potential synergies from the Company's acquisitions; statements concerning macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, supply chain issues or the occurrence of a recession, or concerns related thereto; our anticipated financial performance; key strategic objectives; industry growth rates for ad-supported connected television ("CTV") and the shift in video consumption from linear TV to CTV; anticipated benefits of new offerings, including the introduction of our new Magnite Streaming platform; the impact of our traffic shaping technology on our business; the success of the consolidation of our two CTV platforms; the effects of our cost reduction initiatives; scope and duration of client relationships; the fees we may charge in the future; business mix; sales growth; benefits from supply path optimization; the development of identity solutions; client utilization of our offerings; our competitive differentiation; our market share and leadership position in the industry; market conditions, trends, and opportunities; certain statements regarding future operational performance measures; and other statements that are not historical facts. These statements are not guarantees of future performance; they reflect our current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and estimates and subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from expectations or results projected or implied by forward-looking statements. 
 Risks that our business faces include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the SpotX Acquisition, SpringServe Acquisition, and other acquisitions, including with respect to the consolidation of our two CTV platforms; 
 the impact of macroeconomic challenges on the overall demand for advertising and the advertising marketplace, including as a result of global conflict, global pandemics and the responses to such pandemics by governments, inflation, supply chain issues, the occurrence of a recession, or concerns relating to the foregoing; 
 CTV spend on our platform may grow more slowly than we expect if industry growth rates for ad supported CTV are not accurate, if CTV sellers fail to adopt programmatic advertising solutions or if we are unable to maintain or increase access to CTV advertising inventory; 
 we may be unsuccessful in our supply path optimization efforts with buyers; 
 our ability to introduce new offerings and bring them to market in a timely manner, and to otherwise adapt in response to client demands and industry trends; 
 uncertainty of our estimates and expectations associated with new offerings, including the CTV ad server product that we acquired in the SpringServe Acquisition and our developing identity solutions, as well as potential negative impacts associated with the integration of our CTV platforms and the introduction of Magnite Streaming; 
 we must increase the scale and efficiency of our technology infrastructure to support our growth; 
 the emergence of header bidding has increased competition from other demand sources and may cause infrastructure strain and added costs; 
 our access to mobile inventory may be limited by third-party technology or lack of direct relationships with mobile sellers; 
 we may experience lower take rates, which may not be offset by increases in the volume of ad requests, improvements in fill-rate, and/or increases in the value of transactions through our platform; 
 the impact of requests for discounts, fee concessions, rebates, refunds or favorable payment terms; 
 our history of losses, and the fact that in the past our operating results have and may in the future fluctuate significantly, be difficult to predict, and fall below analysts' and investors' expectations; 
 our business may be subject to sales and use tax, advertising and other taxes; 
 failure by us or our clients to meet advertising and inventory content standards; 
 the freedom of buyers and sellers to direct their spending and inventory to competing sources of inventory and demand, and to establish direct relationships and integrations without the use of our platform; 
 our reliance on large aggregators of advertising inventory, and the concentration of CTV among a small number of large sellers that enjoy significant negotiating leverage; 
 our ability to provide value to both buyers and sellers of advertising without being perceived as favoring one over the other or being perceived as competing with them through our service offerings; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 our reliance on large sources of advertising demand, including demand side platforms ("DSPs") that may have or develop high-risk credit profiles or fail to pay invoices when due; 
 our sales efforts may require significant time and expense and may not yield the results we seek; 
 we may be exposed to claims from clients for breach of contract; 
 the effects of seasonal trends on our results of operations; 
 we operate in an intensely competitive market that includes companies that have greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do; 
 the effects of consolidation in the ad tech industry or among our media clients; 
 our ability to differentiate our offerings and compete effectively to combat commodification and disintermediation; 
 potential limitations on our ability to collect or use data as a result of consumer tools, regulatory restrictions and technological limitations; 
 the development and use of new identity solutions as a replacement for third-party cookies and other identifiers may disrupt the programmatic ecosystem and cause the performance of our platform to decline; 
 the industry may not adopt or may be slow to adopt the use of first-party publisher segments as an alternative to third-party cookies; 
 the impact of antitrust regulations or enforcement actions targeting the digital advertising ecosystem; 
 our ability to comply with, and the effect on our business of, evolving legal standards and regulations, particularly concerning data protection and privacy; 
 errors or failures in the operation of our solution, interruptions in our access to network infrastructure or data, and breaches of our computer systems; 
 our ability to ensure a high level of brand safety for our clients and to detect "bot" traffic and other fraudulent or malicious activity; 
 our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel; 
 costs associated with enforcing our intellectual property rights or defending intellectual property infringement; 
 our ability to comply with the terms of our financing arrangements; 
 restrictions in our Credit Agreement may limit our ability to make strategic investments, respond to changing market conditions, or otherwise operate our business; 
 increases in our debt leverage may put us at greater risk of defaulting on our debt obligations, subject us to additional operating restrictions and make it more difficult to obtain future financing on favorable terms; 
 conversion of our Convertible Senior Notes would dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders; 
 the Capped Call Transactions subject us to counterparty risk and may affect the value of the Convertible Senior Notes and our common stock; 
 the conditional conversion feature of the Convertible Senior Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating result; 
 failure to successfully execute our international growth plans; 
 failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, which could adversely affect investor confidence; 
 the use of our net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards may be subject to certain limitations; 
 our ability to raise additional capital if needed and the elimination of LIBOR; 
 volatility in the price of our common stock; 
 the impact of our repurchase program on our stock price and cash reserves; 
 competition for investors and the impact of negative analyst or investor research reports; and 
 provisions of our charter documents and Delaware law may inhibit a potential acquisition of the company and limit the ability of stockholders to cause changes in company management. 
 We discuss many of these risks and additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by our forward-looking statements under the headings "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and elsewhere in this report and in other filings we have made and will make from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of the report in which they are included. Unless required by federal securities laws, we assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated, to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the statements are made. Without limiting the foregoing, any guidance we may provide will generally be given only in connection with quarterly and annual earnings announcements, without interim updates, and we may appear at industry conferences or make other public statements 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 without disclosing material nonpublic information in our possession. Given these uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 
 Investors should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we reference in this report and have filed or will file with the SEC completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 
 NOTE REGARDING THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes data that we obtained from industry publications and third-party research, surveys and studies. While we believe the industry publications and third-party research, surveys and studies are reliable, we have not independently verified such data. Such third-party data and our internal estimates and research are necessarily subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in "Item 1A. Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those included in this report. 

5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 Magnite, Inc., formerly known as The Rubicon Project, Inc. ("we," or "us"), provides technology solutions to automate the purchase and sale of digital advertising inventory. 
 On April 1, 2020, we completed a stock-for-stock merger with Telaria, Inc. ("Telaria" and such merger the "Telaria Merger"), a leading provider of connected television ("CTV") technology, on April 30, 2021, we completed the acquisition of SpotX, Inc. ("SpotX" and such acquisition the "SpotX Acquisition"), a leading platform shaping CTV and video advertising globally, and on July 1, 2021, we acquired SpringServe, LLC ("SpringServe"), a leading ad serving platform for CTV. 
 Following these transactions, we believe that we are the world's largest independent omni-channel sell-side advertising platform ("SSP"), offering a single partner for transacting globally across all channels, formats and auction types, and the largest independent programmatic CTV marketplace, making it easier for buyers to reach CTV audiences at scale from industry-leading streaming content providers, broadcasters, platforms and device manufacturers. 
 Our platform features applications and services for sellers of digital advertising inventory, or publishers, that own and operate CTV channels, applications, websites and other digital media properties, to manage and monetize their inventory; applications and services for buyers, including advertisers, agencies, agency trading desks, and demand side platforms, ("DSPs"), to buy digital advertising inventory; and a transparent, independent marketplace that brings buyers and sellers together and facilitates intelligent decision making and automated transaction execution at scale. Our clients include many of the world s leading buyers and sellers of digital advertising inventory. Our platform processes trillions of ad requests per month allowing buyers access to a global, scaled, independent alternative to "walled gardens," who both own and sell inventory and maintain control on the demand side. 
 We provide a full suite of tools for sellers to control their advertising business and protect the consumer viewing experience. These tools are particularly important to CTV sellers who need to ensure a TV-like viewing and advertising experience for consumers. On February 7, 2023, we introduced our unified CTV platform Magnite Streaming, which merges leading technology from the legacy Magnite CTV and SpotX CTV platforms. The platform enables CTV sellers to maximize their advertising yield holistically across live and video on demand ("VOD") inventory, addressable linear, CTV and other over-the-top environments such as mobile. Magnite Streaming unites sophisticated end-to-end features within a single platform and user interface, including: comprehensive seller deal management capabilities to monetize across all deal types, whether reserved or sold upfront; advanced curation and brand safety tools built for streaming video, such as ad-podding, a tool analogous to commercial breaks that allows a seller to manage business rules around competitive separation, audio normalization tools to control for the volume of an ad relative to content, frequency capping to avoid exposing viewers to repetitive ad placements, and creative review so that a publisher can review and approve the ad units being served to its properties; multi-faceted audience activation features including seller defined audiences, third-party data integrations, and secure data matching; responsive real-time reporting and dashboards; and innovative technology to help sellers optimize live inventory. 
 In addition to these programmatic platform capabilities, our ad serving technology manages video advertising across both programmatic and direct-sold inventory, including forecasting, routing, and creating customized ad units. The integration of SpringServe s ad serving technology with our existing programmatic SSP capabilities provides CTV publishers a holistic yield management solution that dynamically allocates between direct-sold and programmatic inventory to drive value. 
 Buyers leverage our platform to manage their advertising spend and reach their target audiences on brand-safe premium inventory, simplify order management and campaign tracking, obtain actionable insights into audiences for their advertising, and access impression-level purchasing from thousands of sellers. We believe that our scale, platform features, and omni-channel offering makes us an essential partner for buyers. 
 We operate our business on a worldwide basis, with an established operating presence in North America, Australia and Europe, and a developing presence in Asia and South America. Our non-U.S. subsidiaries and operations perform primarily sales, marketing, and service functions. 
 
 Industry Trends 
 Continued Shift Toward Digital Advertising 
 Consumers are rapidly shifting their viewing habits towards digital mediums and expect to be able to consume content seamlessly across multiple devices, including computers, tablets, smartphones, and CTVs whenever and wherever they want. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 As digital content consumption continues to proliferate, we believe the percentage of advertising dollars spent through digital channels will continue to grow. 
 Automation of Buying and Selling 
 Due to the size and complexity of the advertising ecosystem and purchasing process, manual processes cannot effectively manage digital advertising inventory at scale. In addition, both buyers and sellers are demanding more transparency, better controls and more relevant insights from their advertising inventory purchases and sales. This has created a need for software solutions, known as programmatic advertising, that automate the process for planning, buying, selling and measuring digital advertising across screens. Programmatic advertising allows buyers and sellers to transact on an impression-by-impression basis through the use of real-time bidding technology, and allows for the use of advanced data and identity solutions to better target ad campaigns. Programmatic transactions include open auctions, where multiple buyers bid against each other in a real-time auction for the right to purchase a publisher's inventory, as well as reserve auctions, where publishers establish direct deals or private marketplaces with select buyers. Programmatic is the dominant method of transacting for desktop, CTV, and mobile inventory. 
 Convergence of TV and Digital 
 CTV viewership is growing rapidly and the pace of adoption is accelerating the transition of linear television to CTV programming. As the number of CTV channels continues to proliferate, we believe that ad-supported models or hybrid models that rely on a combination of subscription fees and advertising revenue will continue to gain traction. In turn, we believe brand advertisers looking to engage with streaming viewers will continue to shift their budgets from linear to CTV. Furthermore, as the CTV market continues to mature, we believe that a greater percentage of CTV advertising inventory will be sold programmatically, similar to trends that occurred in desktop and mobile. As such, we expect CTV to be a significant driver of our revenue growth for the foreseeable future. 
 Identity Solutions 
 A number of participants in the advertising technology ecosystem have taken or are expected to take action to eliminate or restrict the use of third-party cookies and other primary identifiers that have historically been used to deliver targeted advertisements. We believe that the elimination of third-party cookies has the potential to shift the programmatic ecosystem from an identity model powered by buyers that are able to aggregate and target audiences through cookies to one enabled by sellers that have direct relationships with consumers and are therefore better positioned to obtain user data and consent for implementing first party identifiers. 
 We believe that our platform and scale position us well to take a leadership position in advancing this shift and creating additional value opportunities for our clients. Accordingly, we have invested and intend to further invest in the development and enhancement of industry leading identity and audience solutions. In furtherance of this goal, in December 2021, we acquired Nth Party, Ltd. ("Nth Party"), a developer of cryptographic software for secure audience data sharing and analysis, and in February 2022, we acquired Carbon (AI) Limited ("Carbon"), a platform that enables publishers to measure, manage, and monetize audience segments. 
 We support industry privacy initiatives and believe that the next generation of identity solutions need to be open and ubiquitous, with consumer privacy, transparency and control at the core. We further believe that these solutions will ultimately lead to greater trust and consumer confidence in digital advertising, which will be positive for the advertising ecosystem in the long term. In the short term, however, these changes could create some variability in our revenue across certain buyers or sellers, depending on the timing of changes and developed solutions. 
 Supply Path Optimization 
 Supply Path Optimization ("SPO") refers to efforts by buyers to consolidate the number of vendors with which they work to find the most effective and cost-efficient paths to procure media. SPO is important to buyers because it can increase the proportion of their advertising ultimately spent on working media, with the goal of increasing return on their advertising spend, and can help them gain efficiencies by reducing the number of vendors with which they work in a complex ecosystem. We believe we are well positioned to benefit from SPO in the long run as a result of our transparency, our broad and unique inventory supply across all channels and formats, including CTV, buyer tools, such as traffic shaping that reduce the cost of working with us, and our brand safety measures. 
 Header Bidding and Data Processing 
 Header bidding is a programmatic technique by which sellers offer inventory to multiple ad exchanges and supply side platforms, such as our platform, simultaneously. Header bidding has been rapidly adopted in recent years in the desktop and mobile channels and has experienced modest adoption in CTV. The adoption of header bidding has created a number of challenges and technical complexities for both sellers and buyers, which require sophisticated tools to manage. Header bidding has led to a significant increase in the number of ad impressions to be processed and analyzed through our platform as well as 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 by DSPs, which can lead to increased costs if not properly addressed. We have invested in technology solutions, such as Demand Manager, to help publishers manage their header-bidding inventory. 
 
 How We Generate Revenue 
 Digital advertising inventory is created when consumers access sellers' content. Sellers provide digital advertising inventory to our platform in the form of advertising requests, or ad requests. When we receive ad requests from sellers, we send bid requests to buyers, which enable buyers to bid on sellers digital advertising inventory. Winning bids can create advertising, or paid impressions, for the seller to present to the consumer. The price that buyers pay for each thousand paid impressions purchased is measured in units referred to as CPM, or cost per thousand, and the total volume of spending between buyers and sellers on our platform is referred to as advertising spend. 
 We generate revenue from the use of our platform for the purchase and sale of digital advertising inventory. Generally, our revenue is based on a percentage of the ad spend that runs through our platform, although for certain clients or transaction types we may receive a fixed CPM for each impression sold, and for advertising campaigns that are transacted through insertion orders, we earn revenue based on the full amount of ad spend that runs through our platform. We also generate revenue from our ad server and Demand Manager header-bidding product, where fees are either based on the number of impressions processed or a percentage of ad spend. In addition, we may receive certain fixed monthly fees for the use of our platforms or products. 
 
 Magnite: Competitive Strengths of Our Platform. Key competitive strengths of our platform include: 
 Leadership in CTV 
 Our Magnite Steaming platform has been strategically built to meet the unique requirements of CTV sellers. Many of these sellers have their roots in linear television and it is important that established business practices in television advertising can be translated to programmatic advertising. For instance, our ad-pod feature provides long-form content sellers with a tool analogous to commercial breaks in traditional linear television, so that they can request and manage several ads at once from different demand sources to control for competitive separation, in a single ad-pod. In addition, we provide dynamic ad insertion to serve live streaming events, audio normalization tools to control the volume of an ad relative to content, frequency capping to avoid exposing viewers to repetitive ad placements, and creative review so that a publisher can review and approve the ad units being served to its properties. 
 We have invested significant time and resources cultivating relationships with CTV sellers and have built a specialized team of CTV experts across our engineering and sales functions to support our clients and evangelize the benefits of CTV advertising. In addition, for certain larger CTV sellers, we may build custom features or functionality to help drive deeper adoption. 
 Scaled Omni-Channel Platform 
 We offer a scaled omni-channel platform that brings value to both buyers and sellers of ad inventory. For buyers, we offer a single omni-channel partner to reach target audiences globally across all channels, including CTV, mobile, desktop, and digital out-of-home, and formats, including video, display, and audio. For sellers, we partner as a one stop shop where they can sell digital advertising across all of their properties, regardless of device or format, and gain instant access to the world s largest automated digital advertising buyers with the flexibility to sell their advertising inventory in an automated fashion on an impression-by-impression basis. We believe large numbers of diverse sellers on our platform attract more buyers and vice versa, resulting in a self-reinforcing network effect that adds value for all our clients and creates a stickier platform solution. 
 Reserve Auctions 
 A significant portion of premium inventory, in particular with respect to CTV, is purchased and sold through reserve auctions where the seller establishes a direct deal with a buyer or group of buyers. These transaction types allow the seller to maintain tighter control over their advertising allocation and are often used by sellers that maintain a direct sales force but still want to experience the benefits of automation to improve pricing, matching, and dynamic ad placement and to automate manual operations such as ad trafficking, quality assurance, and billing and collections. Our deal management and curation tools support sales functions rather than replacing them, which eliminates friction in the sales process. Buyers and sellers can also leverage their first-party data assets and third-party data assets in our platform to increase the value of sellers' inventory and the precision of buyers' targeting efforts. 
 Big Data Analytics and Machine-Learning Algorithms; Bid Filtering 
 A core aspect of our value proposition is our big data and machine-learning platform that is able to discover unique insights from our massive data repositories. Our systems collect and analyze a myriad of information such as historical clearing prices, bid responses, buyer preferences, ad formats, user location, buyer audience preferences, how many ads the user has seen, 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 browser or device information, and sellers first party data about users. Our access to data puts us in a unique position to develop differentiated insights to help both buyers and sellers. Our solution is constantly self-improving as we process more volume and accumulate more data, which in turn helps make our machine-learning algorithms more intelligent and contributes to higher-quality matching between buyers and sellers. This data also fuels our bid filtering technology, allowing us to more aggressively block traffic that is not likely to monetize. We believe that our traffic optimization coupled with bid filtering improves return on investment for buyers and increases revenue for sellers, which in turn attracts more buyers and sellers to our platform creating a dual network effect that makes our platform stickier. These capabilities also help us manage the costs associated with the high volumes of ad requests we receive. 
 Identity Solutions 
 We offer identity solutions that help buyers and sellers create better matches and increase advertising ROI and the value of the underlying impression. Our tools enable sellers to create audience segments based on first-party data, which makes their advertising inventory more valuable to buyers looking to achieve specific campaign goals. In addition, our technology is integrated with a number of third party data, attribution and identity vendors, allowing buyers and sellers to leverage these solutions directly through our platform without the need for multiple vendor contracts. 
 Integrated Video Ad Server and SSP 
 On July 1, 2021, we acquired SpringServe, a leading ad serving platform for CTV and online video. The SpringServe ad server manages multiple aspects of video advertising for both programmatic transactions and inventory sold directly by the publisher, including forecasting, routing, customized ad experiences, and advanced podding logic. Combined with our SSP, the SpringServe ad server provides publishers a holistic yield management solution that works across their entire video advertising business to drive value. This is of particular importance for CTV publishers, who still sell a large percentage of their inventory through their direct sales team. We believe the acquisition of SpringServe is highly strategic as it allows us to offer publishers an independent full-stack solution to the walled gardens, which can be leveraged across their entire video advertising business. 
 Header Bidding and Demand Manager Solutions 
 We are integrated with all of the major header-bidding standards, including Prebid.org, which we co-founded, as well as the solutions offered by Google and Amazon. We believe the various header bidding alternatives we offer, our buyer reach and scale, our buying efficiency, and our machine-learning capabilities put us in a strong position to compete for seller impressions monetized through header-bidding solutions, and we expect these header bidding solutions to deliver a meaningful volume of impressions. We also provide a software solution called Demand Manager that helps desktop and mobile sellers manage all of their header-bidding advertising inventory, regardless of who wins the impression, for a fee based on a percentage of that advertising spending. We believe that adoption and proliferation of these tools will further strengthen our relationship with sellers and contribute to our future revenue growth. 
 Transparency and Controls 
 We generate revenue each time an impression is monetized on our platform based on a simple and transparent fee structure established with our publisher partners. Our clients direct the sale and management of ad inventory through our platform, including the ability to define supply hierarchies and demand tiers, set minimum price floors, and establish advertiser and category level blocked and allowed lists. We provide sellers with detailed analytics, which allows them to effectively monitor buying patterns and make real-time changes to take advantage of market dynamics and maximize their yield. 
 Self-Service Model 
 We offer a self-service model that lets sellers access our platform without extensive involvement by our personnel. This model allows us to scale efficiently and grow our business at a faster pace than the growth of our sales and support organization. As a result, we are able to achieve a high degree of operating leverage, which positions our business for growing profitability. 
 Buyer Tools 
 We provide a suite of buyer tools designed to help buyers curate inventory, append data and improve ROI in order to meet their campaign strategies. Our curation tools include Express Lane and Marketplace technology that enable agency holding companies and major brands to create their own private label marketplaces and establish direct connections with sellers. Custom auction packages give all buyers a versatile and cost-effective way to curate and target open market inventory, using categories such as audience, context, and viewability, while our deal discovery platform allows buyers to connect directly with sellers to arrange direct reserve auctions. Our audience tools enable buyers to append data in order to reach their target 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 audience, and are often used in combination with our curation solutions. Finally, Estimated Market Rate, our innovative bid shading technology, helps buyers bid more effectively in our environment. 
 Independence 
 We are fully aligned with the interests of our publisher clients. Unlike some large industry participants, we do not have our own media properties that compete for advertising spending with our sellers. Therefore, we are agnostic and have no preference towards delivering demand to any specific publisher. In addition, because we do not offer a demand side platform, we are able to avoid inherent conflicts of interest that exist when serving both the buy- and sell-side. 
 
 Magnite: Growth Strategies. The key elements to our long-term growth strategy include: 
 Focus on CTV 
 We expect CTV to be the biggest driver of our growth. As streaming video continues to become mainstream and ad-supported models become more prevalent, we believe brand advertisers will continue to shift their budgets from linear television to CTV. We plan to invest significant resources in technology, sales and support related to our CTV growth initiatives. Consistent with this growth objective, in February 2023, we introduced Magnite Streaming, which merges leading technology from our legacy Magnite CTV and SpotX CTV platforms. 
 Supply Path Optimization 
 As described above, SPO refers to efforts by buyers to consolidate the number of vendors with which they work to find the most effective and cost-efficient paths to procure media. We believe we are well positioned to benefit from SPO due to the factors described above and that it presents an opportunity for us to capture market share and increase the volume of advertising spend on our platform. To capitalize on SPO opportunities, we have invested in our buyer focused sales team to pursue more direct relationships with advertisers and agencies. 
 Identity Solutions 
 We believe that the elimination of third party cookies has the potential to shift the programmatic ecosystem from an identity model powered by buyers that are able to aggregate and target audiences through cookies to one enabled by sellers that have direct relationships with consumers and are therefore better positioned to obtain user data and consent for implementing first party identifiers. In CTV, this identity model already largely exists with publishers more tightly controlling access to identifiers and user data, while offering proprietary first party data segments for reaching desired audiences. As the largest independent supply side platform, we believe we are well positioned to take a leadership role in advancing the shift to a first party identity model and creating additional value opportunities for our clients. Accordingly, we have invested and intend to further invest in the development and enhancement of industry leading identity and audience solutions. In furtherance of this goal, in December 2021, we acquired Nth Party, a developer of cryptographic software for secure audience data sharing and analysis, and in February 2022, we acquired Carbon, a platform that enables publishers to measure, manage, and monetize audience segments, which have been integrated with our platforms. 
 Increase Efficiencies on our Exchange 
 We aim to increase the operational efficiency of our platform, so as to enable buyers and sellers to achieve their campaign and monetization objectives in a cost-effective manner. Our solution is constantly self-improving as we process more volume and accumulate more data, which in turn helps make our machine-learning algorithms more intelligent and contributes to higher quality matching between buyers and sellers. We are continuing to invest in traffic optimization and bid filtering technology to allow us to monetize a higher proportion of the ad requests on our platform, which reduces costs for us as well as the process costs for buyers. We believe these cost savings make our platform more attractive to buyers, which in turn improves revenue opportunities for sellers. 
 Increasing Seller Inventory 
 In order to increase transaction volume we are continuously looking to add new high quality sellers to our platform and to expand our existing relationships with sellers to increase our share of their inventory, in particular in the CTV and OTT space where inventory is controlled by fewer sellers. Our plan for increasing our inventory volumes includes establishing and deepening our direct relationships with sellers, including through custom integrations, expanding our seller tools, capitalizing on our omni-channel capabilities, and leveraging our header bidding integrations, including through Demand Manager. In addition, our acquisition of the SpringServe ad server provides us with access to inventory that is directly sold by a publisher's 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 sales force by enabling a unified auction that selects an ideal ad set, considering both direct and programmatic deal priority and yield. 
 Expand our International Footprint 
 With established operating presence in North America, Australia and Europe, and a developing presence in Asia and South America, we serve buyers and sellers on a global basis. We plan to continue to expand our international presence and make additional investments in sales, marketing and infrastructure to support our long-term growth and to position ourselves for expected increases in the penetration of programmatic advertising globally. We expect programmatic advertising to grow at different rates in different geographic markets, and are constantly evaluating new markets with a strategy to use our existing infrastructure and adjacent sales offices or by expanding our infrastructure footprint and placing personnel directly in those markets. 
 Continue to Innovate and Enhance our Platform 
 We are working on a number of platform innovations and enhancements designed to improve the value to our clients, such as our recently announced Magnite Streaming platform. We intend to invest in new features that facilitate the creation of first-party publisher segments, improve upon our traffic optimization and bid filtering, enhance our brand safety controls, and help sellers to optimize their yield across both programmatic and directly sold inventory. 
 
 Technology and Development 
 To support a majority of our non-CTV transactions, we have developed a globally distributed infrastructure hosted at data centers in the U.S., Europe, and Asia that run our proprietary software. Our CTV transactions run primarily on a hybrid infrastructure. We believe these two approaches optimize the type of traffic we handle - hosted data centers for high-frequency, low-latency transactions and cloud-supported for lower frequency transactions subject to more volatile viewing patterns, for example CTV prime-time viewing spikes. 
 Our approach supports the volume, diversity, and complexity of buyers bidding patterns, which increases market liquidity. Bid efficiency algorithms provide bid prediction (i.e., which buyers are most likely to bid on a given impression) and throttling (i.e., the volume of bid requests a given buyer can process), to improve infrastructure load and execute transactions efficiently by only sending bid requests to those buyers of advertising inventory who can handle the volume and are likely to respond. 
 This infrastructure is supported by real-time data pipelines, a system that quickly moves volumes of data generated by our business into reporting and machine-learning systems that allow usage both internally and by buyers and sellers. It also is supported by a 24-hour Network Operations Center, which provides failure protection by monitoring and rerouting traffic in the event of equipment failure or network performance issues between buyers and our marketplace, and our core technology and development team, which is responsible for the design, development, operation, and maintenance of our platform, and employs an agile development process that emphasizes frequent, iterative, and incremental development cycles. 
 We believe that continued investment in our platform, including its technologies and functionalities, is critical to our success and long-term growth. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We market our solution to buyers and sellers through global sales teams that operate from various locations around the world. These teams leverage market knowledge and expertise to demonstrate the benefits of advertising automation and our solution to buyers and sellers. We deploy a professional services team with each seller integration to assist sellers in getting the most value from our solution. Our buyer team, which is separately managed, focuses on collaborating with and increasing spend from DSPs, agencies, and brands, and our client services teams work closely with clients to support and execute campaigns. Our marketing initiatives are focused on managing our brand, increasing market awareness, and driving advertising spend to our platform. We often present at industry conferences, create custom events, and invest in public relations. In addition, our marketing team advertises online, in print, and in other forms of media, creates case studies, sponsors research, writes whitepapers, publishes marketing collateral, generates blog posts, and undertakes client research studies. 
 
 Competition 
 Our industry is highly competitive. Overall digital advertising spending is highly concentrated in a small number of very large companies that have their own inventory, including Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Comcast, and Amazon, with which we compete for digital advertising inventory and demand. These companies are formidable competitors due to their huge resources and direct user relationships, and could become even more dominant as third-party cookie use decreases. Despite the 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 dominance of large companies, there is still a large addressable market that is highly fragmented and includes many providers of transaction services with which we compete, including supply side platforms, video ad servers, and advertising exchanges. As we introduce new offerings, as our existing offerings evolve, or as other companies introduce new products and services, we may be subject to additional competition. There has been rapid evolution and consolidation in the advertising technology industry, and we expect these trends to continue, thereby increasing the capabilities and competitive posture of larger companies, particularly those that are already dominant in various ways, and enabling new or stronger competitors to emerge. There are many ways for buyers and sellers of digital advertising inventory to connect and transact, including directly and through many other exchanges, and buyers are increasingly demanding more transparency and lower transaction costs and establishing relationships directly with sellers of advertising inventory, which puts significant pressure on us. Our offering must remain competitive in scope, ease of use, scalability, speed, data access, price, inventory quality, brand security, customer service, identity protection and other technological features that help sellers monetize their inventory and buyers increase the return on their advertising investment. While our industry is evolving rapidly and becoming increasingly competitive, we believe that our solution enables us to compete favorably on these factors. In addition, we believe we enjoy a number of competitive strengths, as further detailed above. 
 
 Human Capital: Our Team and Culture 
 Our team draws from a broad spectrum of experience, including data science, machine-learning algorithms, infrastructure, software development, and from experienced leadership on the seller and buyer sides, including CTV, mobile and video. In addition to the United States, we have personnel and operations in Australia, Brazil, Canada, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Singapore, Sweden, and the United Kingdom, in order to service buyers and sellers on a global scale. 
 Culture 
 We strive to build a culture that is high-performing and results-oriented while emphasizing transparency, collaboration and innovation. Our recruitment team seeks individuals that are committed to seeing the big picture and being catalysts of change. We ask our employees to empower others, make a difference and help make our company a great place to work, not just a "job." 
 Diversity , Equity and Inclusion 
 Our Magnify Council, a group of internal employees, rotating yearly, is focused on enhancing diversity, equity and inclusion. Our objectives, through the support of the Magnify Council, are to create an exceptional employee experience, continually deploy programs to develop diverse talent, and support external partners that emphasize the global promotion of diversity, equity and inclusion. 
 Talent Retention 
 We reward team and individual excellence and are committed to creating an exceptional workplace environment in which we seek feedback from our employees in bi-annual engagement surveys. We believe in continual feedback on performance. Our employees set goals at a regular cadence throughout the year and managers provide achievement ratings at year-end. We continue to invest in learning and leadership development by expanding our dedicated resources for these functions. Our primary focus is to provide foundational skill development for the professional growth of employees, and 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 cohesive training for our global people managers. Additionally, we routinely analyze voluntary employee turnover to understand and address trends. We give equity to our employees to promote alignment and ownership. 
 Employee Wellness and Safety 
 Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, our global workforce maintained a work from home policy from March 2020 through October 2022. We have since returned to offices on a hybrid basis. We have approached our return to offices with caution to prioritize the safety and health of our employees, and continue to monitor best practices and guidance. 
 We recognize that stressful circumstances require us to provide additional care for our employees. We encourage our employees to focus on mental health by providing quarterly mental health days, a global employee assistance program, and a digital platform with access to live classes and discussions supporting wellness. 
 Conduct 
 We are committed to promoting high standards of honest and ethical business conduct and compliance in alignment with our cultural values. We do not tolerate harassment or discrimination. Our employees are required to take annual harassment and discrimination training as well as acknowledge our Code of Business and Ethics Policy. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 947 full-time employees. 
 
 Our Intellectual Property 
 Our proprietary technologies are important and we rely upon trade secret, trademark, copyright, and patent laws in the United States and abroad to establish and protect our intellectual property and protect our proprietary technologies. 
 We have several issued patents and pending patent applications, some of which may ultimately be abandoned if we determine that the cost of prosecution or maintenance does not justify the utility of receiving the patent. None of these patents has been litigated and we do not believe that any individual patent or patent application is material to our business. Their importance to our business is uncertain and there are no guarantees that any of the patents will serve as protection for our technology or market in the United States or any other country in which an application has been filed. 
 We register certain domain names, trademarks and service marks in the United States and in certain locations outside the United States. We also rely upon common law protection for certain trademarks. We generally enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors, and confidentiality agreements with parties with whom we conduct business, in order to limit access to, and disclosure and use of, our proprietary information. We also use measures designed to control access to our technology and proprietary information. We view our trade secrets and know-how as a significant component of our intellectual property assets, which we believe differentiate us from our competitors. 
 Any impairment of our intellectual property rights, or any unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property or technology, could harm our business, our ability to compete and our operating results. 
 
 Client Dynamics 
 Sellers 
 Sellers own or operate media properties, websites and applications through which advertisements can be delivered to consumers as they navigate across screens. Sellers use our platform to monetize and manage their advertising inventory. 
 While we work with many clients, a relatively small number of them provide a large share of the unique user audiences accessible by buyers. This is particularly true in CTV, where sellers tend to be larger compared to other online sellers. Given the limited number of CTV sellers, we are focused on building deeper, long-term strategic partnerships with these clients through a full-service business development strategy. We have invested significant resources in identifying and cultivating these relationships and our sales executives and account managers often serve a consultative role within a client s sales organization to help establish best practices and evangelize the benefits of programmatic advertising. This team is further supported by our product and engineering team with deep technical expertise, and for larger clients, we may build out custom features or functionality to help drive deeper adoption of our platform. 
 In the mobile channel, many of the application providers that make inventory available through our platform utilize system development kits ("SDKs") and other proprietary technology of third parties, such as aggregators, and it is those third parties, not the application providers themselves, that contract with us to help monetize the inventory. Termination or diminution of our relationships with these third parties could result in a material reduction of the amount of mobile inventory 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 available through our platform. We encourage application developers to use our own SDK when appropriate, but it is difficult to displace existing SDKs. 
 Buyers 
 On the buy-side of our business, we maintain close relationships with brand advertisers and agencies, as well as the technological intermediaries through which they transact on our platform, principally DSPs. 
 These DSPs are directly connected to our technology through server-to-server integrations and are responsible for bidding on and purchasing advertising inventory on our platform pursuant to master service agreements. We have relationships with almost all of the major DSPs, and because ad spend is highly concentrated among relatively few DSPs, each of these relationships is important to us and represents a source of demand that could be difficult for us to replace. 
 We maintain close relationships with DSPs to maximize the amount of spend being transacted through our platform. For instance, our sales team collaborates with DSPs to create custom private marketplaces that fit specific targeting criteria for a given campaign and our team of technical account managers continually monitors DSP bidding activities and provides recommendations that inform their trading practices. 
 While the DSP is directly responsible for purchasing advertising inventory programmatically through our platform, the overall direction of an advertising campaign is typically determined by the advertiser or advertising agency that has engaged the DSP, and for certain reserve auctions, the specific parameters of a campaign may be negotiated directly with the advertiser or agency without involvement of a DSP. 
 In addition to transacting through DSPs, we also offer brands and agencies the ability to access our platform directly on a managed service basis through the use of insertion orders. For these campaigns, our team of specialists manages the delivery and execution of the campaign according to an agreed set of objectives with the advertiser or agency, at a negotiated fixed price. 
 Accordingly, in order to increase the amount of spend transacted on our platform, and in furtherance of our SPO efforts, we expend significant resources establishing and expanding relationships directly with brand advertisers and agencies as well as with DSPs. 
 
 Geographic Scope of Our Operations 
 The growth of programmatic advertising is expanding into geographic markets outside of the United States, and in some markets, the adoption rate of programmatic digital advertising is greater than in the United States. We face staffing challenges, including difficulty in recruiting, retaining, and managing a diverse and distributed workforce across time zones, cultures, and languages. We must also adapt our practices to satisfy local requirements and standards (including differing privacy requirements that are sometimes more stringent than in the U.S.), and manage the effects of global and regional pandemics, recessions and economic and political instability. Transactions denominated in various non-U.S. currencies expose us to potentially unfavorable changes in exchange rates and added transaction costs. Foreign operations expose us to potentially adverse tax consequences in the United States and abroad and costs and restrictions affecting the repatriation of funds to the United States. For detailed information regarding our revenue and property and equipment, net by geographical region, see Note 4 and Note 6 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements." 
 
 Regulation 
 Our business is highly susceptible to existing and emerging privacy regulations and oversight concerning the collection, use and sharing of data. Data protection authorities in the United States and around the world have focused on the advertising technology ecosystem. Because we, and our clients, rely upon large volumes of such data, it is essential that we monitor developments in this area domestically and globally, and engage in responsible privacy practices. 
 We do n ot collect information that can be used directly to identify a real person, such as name, address, or phone number, and we take steps to avoid collecting and storing such information. Instead, we rely on pseudonymous forms of data such as IP addresses, general geo-location information, and persistent identifiers about Internet users and do not attempt to associate this data with other data that can be used to identify real people. Increasingly, this type of information is considered "personal" across various jurisdictions and is therefore governed by consumer privacy laws and may be the subject of future legislation or regulation. The definition of personal data varies by country, and now even by U.S. state, and continues to evolve in ways that may require us to adapt our practices to avoid violating laws or regulations related to the collection, storage, and use of consumer data. As a result, our technology platform and business practices must be assessed regularly in each country in which we do business. 
 There are also a number of specific laws and regulations governing the collection and use of certain types of consumer data relevant to our business. For example, the Children s Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"), imposes restrictions on 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 the collection and use of data about users of child-directed websites. With respect to COPPA compliance, we have taken various steps to implement a system that: (i) flags seller-identified child-directed sites to buyers, (ii) limits advertisers ability to serve personalized advertisements on child-directed sites, (iii) helps limit the types of information that our advertisers have access to when placing advertisements on child-directed sites, and (iv) limits the data that we collect and use on such child-directed sites. 
 The use and transfer of personal data in the European Economic Area ("EEA") member states and the United Kingdom UK is currently governed by the General Data Protection Regulation and the UK General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR" and "UK GDPR"). The GDPR and UK GDPR set out significant potential liabilities for certain data protection violations and establish significant regulatory requirements resulting in a greater compliance burden for us in the course of delivering our solution in the EEA and UK. While data protection authorities have clarified certain requirements under GDPR and UK GDPR, inconsistent interpretations of the regulations and how to comply with them remain across individual countries. 
 In addition to the GDPR and UK GDPR, a number of recent privacy regulations will or have already come into effect in the United States. California was the first state to enact an omnibus consumer privacy law in 2018, the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"), which became effective January 1, 2020. This law imposes substantial obligations on businesses that handle the personal information of California residents. The obligations imposed require us to maintain ongoing significant resources for compliance purposes. In addition, amendments to the CCPA, along with broad-based consumer privacy laws in Connecticut, Colorado, Virginia, and Utah, will all take effect by the end of 2023 and impose obligations that are similar to the CCPA. These new laws will cause us to incur additional compliance costs and impose additional restrictions on us and on our industry partners. In addition, other privacy bills have been introduced at both the state and federal level and certain international territories are imposing new or expanded privacy obligations. In the coming years, we expect further consumer privacy regulation worldwide. 
 The GDPR and UK GDPR also prohibit the transfer of personal data of EU and UK subjects outside of the EEA and the UK, unless the party exporting the data from the EU or UK implements a compliance mechanism designed to ensure that the receiving party will adequately protect such data. We have historically relied on certain compliance mechanisms that have since been invalidated, and had to shift our business practices to rely on other legally sufficient compliance measures. However, guidance on exactly what measures must be taken to allow the lawful transfer of personal data to the United States remains unclear. It is important to note that the EU and the US have agreed on a successor framework that is supposed to enter into force by the end of 2023 at the latest. The new framework may not address all issues raised by the European Court of Justice and may be challenged in court, too. Until that time, we remain subject to regulatory enforcement by data protection authorities located in the EU, UK, and the United States, so we will continue to interpret the guidance and explore the additional measures that can be implemented to protect personal data that is transferred to us in the United States. By relying on these compliance measures, we risk becoming the subject of regulatory investigations in any of the individual jurisdictions in which we operate. Each such investigation could cost us significant time and resources, and could potentially result in fines, criminal prosecution, or other penalties. Further, to the extent any new guidance emerges to these compliance measures, it could further invalidate our approach to data export from the EEA and UK. It may take us significant time, resources, and effort to restructure our business and/or rely on another legally sufficient compliance measure. 
 Additionally, our compliance with our privacy policies and our general consumer privacy practices are also subject to review by the Federal Trade Commission, which may bring enforcement actions to challenge allegedly unfair and deceptive trade practices, including the violation of privacy policies and representations therein. Certain State Attorneys General may also bring enforcement actions based on comparable state laws or federal laws that permit state-level enforcement. Outside of the United States, our privacy and data practices are subject to regulation by data protection authorities and other regulators in the countries in which we do business. 
 Beyond laws and regulations, we are members of self-regulatory bodies that impose additional requirements related to the collection, use, and disclosure of consumer data, including the Internet Advertising Bureau ("IAB"), the Digital Advertising Alliance, the Network Advertising Initiative, and the Europe Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance. Under the requirements of these self-regulatory bodies, in addition to other compliance obligations, we provide consumers with notice via our privacy policy about our use of cookies and other technologies to collect consumer data, and of our collection and use of consumer data to deliver personalized advertisements. We allow consumers to opt-out from the use of data we collect for purposes of behavioral advertising through a mechanism on our website, linked through our privacy policy as well as through portals maintained by some of these self-regulatory bodies. 
 We support privacy initiatives and believe they will be beneficial to consumers' confidence in advertising technology, which will ultimately be positive for the advertising ecosystem in the long term. However, until prevailing compliance practices 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 standardize, the impact of worldwide privacy regulations on our business and, consequently, our revenue could be negatively impacted. 
 For additional information regarding regulatory risks to our business, see "Item 1A. Risk Factors." 
 
 Seasonality 
 Our advertising spend, revenue, cash flow from operations, Adjusted EBITDA, operating results, and other key operating and financial measures may vary from quarter to quarter due to the seasonal nature of buyer spending. For example, many buyers devote a disproportionate amount of their advertising budgets to the fourth quarter of the calendar year to coincide with increased holiday purchasing. We expect our revenue, cash flow, operating results and other key operating and financial measures to fluctuate based on seasonal factors from period to period and expect these measures to be higher in the fourth quarter than in other quarters. 
 
 Available Information 
 The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and accordingly files Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and related amendments and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Information filed by the Company with the SEC is available free of charge on the Company s website at investor.magnite.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are filed with or furnished to the SEC. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk, including the risks described below, each of which may be relevant to decisions regarding an investment in or ownership of our stock. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a significant adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, revenue, results of operations, growth, or ability to accomplish our strategic objectives, and could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. You should carefully consider the risks set forth below and the other information contained in this report, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, before making investment decisions related to our common stock. However, this report cannot anticipate and fully address all possible risks of investing in our common stock, the risks of investing in our common stock may change over time, and additional risks and uncertainties that we are not aware of, or that we do not consider to be material, may emerge. Accordingly, you are advised to consider additional sources of information and exercise your own judgment in addition to the information we provide. 
 Risks Related to Recent Mergers and Acquisitions 
 We may not be able to achieve anticipated cost savings or other anticipated benefits of the SpotX Acquisition and other recent acquisitions. 
 While the integration of SpotX, and other recently acquired companies into our core business is well underway, the ultimate success of the these acquisitions will depend, in part, on our ability to continue to successfully integrate such companies with our business and realize the anticipated benefits, including synergies, cost savings, innovation and technological opportunities and operational efficiencies from such transactions in a manner that does not materially disrupt existing customer, supplier and employee relations and does not result in decreased revenues due to losses of, or decreases in use of our solutions by, buyers and sellers of advertising inventory. For example, we recently introduced our unified CTV platform, Magnite Streaming, which merges leading technology from our legacy Magnite CTV and SpotX CTV platforms. We are currently testing the platform with a group of clients, and expect to continue to migrate additional clients to the new platform primarily throughout the first half of 2023 and expect the migration to be completed by the third quarter of 2023. Although we believe our new Magnite Streaming platform represents an industry leading solution, which incorporates cutting edge technology from our legacy platforms, there are certain risks inherent in introducing a new platform. For example, it is possible that our new platform will experience bugs or errors, or clients may not be satisfied with the functionality compared to our legacy CTV platforms. In addition, the migration of clients involves complicated technical and commercial expertise, in particular as relates to the transition of active reserve auctions and private marketplaces, which need to be migrated without disruption. In the event that client migration results in disruption to a seller's business it would reflect negatively on our reputation and we may lose that client s business in the future. Moreover, the consolidation of our platforms generally will result in our platform sending less overall ad requests to DSPs as we reduce duplicative bids. While we expect this reduction in 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 ad requests to lead to greater cost efficiencies, it is possible that the reduction in ad requests will result in a temporary decrease in the number of won ad impressions transacted on our platform, which would negatively impact our revenue. 
 If we are unable to achieve the anticipated benefits of our recent acquisitions, or if the integration process takes longer than or is more costly than expected, it could negatively affect our business and result of operations. The integration of SpotX and other recently acquired companies with our business involves a number of challenges, including, without limitation: 
 managing a larger, more complex business; 
 maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees; 
 retaining existing business and operational relationships, including clients, suppliers and other vendors; 
 consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and technology platforms, including unanticipated issues in integrating technology, communications and other systems; 
 organizational restructuring and realignment, including the elimination of duplicative roles and other redundancies; 
 managing new products that we have not historically offered, such as the SpringServe ad server product, and which may require us to abide by different business rules with respect to data privacy and segmentation; 
 coordinating geographically separate organizations; and 
 unforeseen expenses or delays associated with the acquisitions. 
 Many of these factors are outside of our control, and any one of them could result in delays, increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues or cost synergies, and other adverse impacts, which could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Any acquisitions we undertake may disrupt our business, adversely affect operations, dilute stockholders, and expose us to costs and liabilities. 
 Acquisitions have been an important element of our business strategy, and we may pursue future acquisitions in an effort to increase revenue, expand our market position, add to our service offering and technological capabilities, respond to dynamic market conditions, or for other strategic or financial purposes. However, there is no assurance that we will identify suitable acquisition candidates or complete any acquisitions on favorable terms, or at all. Further, any acquisitions we do complete would involve a number of risks, which may include the following: 
 the identification, acquisition, and integration of acquired businesses require substantial attention from management. The diversion of management's attention and any difficulties encountered in the integration process could hurt our business; 
 the identification, acquisition, and integration of acquired businesses requires significant investment, including to determine which new service offerings we might wish to acquire, harmonize service offerings, expand management capabilities and market presence, and improve or increase development efforts and technology features and functions; 
 the anticipated benefits from the acquisition may not be achieved, including as a result of loss of clients or personnel of the target, other difficulties in supporting and transitioning the target's clients, the inability to realize expected synergies from an acquisition, or negative organizational cultural effects arising from the integration of new personnel; 
 we may face difficulties in integrating the personnel, technologies, solutions, operations, and existing contracts of the acquired business; 
 we may fail to identify all of the problems, liabilities or other shortcomings or challenges of an acquired company, technology, or solution, including issues related to intellectual property, solution quality or architecture, income or other taxes and other regulatory compliance practices, revenue recognition or other accounting practices, or employee or client issues; 
 to pay for future acquisitions, we could issue additional shares of our common stock or pay cash. Issuance of shares would dilute stockholders. Use of cash reserves could diminish our ability to respond to other opportunities or challenges. Borrowing to fund any cash purchase price would result in increased fixed obligations and could also include covenants or other restrictions that would impair our ability to manage our operations; 
 acquisitions expose us to the risk of assumed known and unknown liabilities including contract, tax, regulatory or other legal, and other obligations incurred by the acquired business or fines or penalties, for which indemnity obligations, escrow arrangements or insurance may not be available or may not be sufficient to provide coverage; 
 new business acquisitions can generate significant intangible assets that result in substantial related amortization charges and possible impairments; 
 the operations of acquired businesses, or our adaptation of those operations, may require that we apply revenue recognition or other accounting methodologies, assumptions, and estimates that are different from those we use in our current business, which could complicate our financial statements, expose us to additional accounting and audit costs, and increase the risk of accounting errors; 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 acquired businesses may have insufficient internal controls that we must remediate, and the integration of acquired businesses may require us to modify or enhance our own internal controls, in each case resulting in increased administrative expense and risk that we fail to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the "Sarbanes-Oxley Act"); 
 acquisition of businesses based outside the United States would require us to operate in foreign languages and manage non-U.S. currency, billing, and contracting needs, comply with laws and regulations, including labor laws and privacy laws that in some cases may be more restrictive on our operations than laws applicable to our business in the United States; and 
 acquisitions can sometimes lead to disputes with the former owners of the acquired company, which can result in increased legal expenses, management distraction and the risk that we may suffer an adverse judgment if we are not the prevailing party in the dispute. 
 
 Risks Related to Economic Conditions and COVID-19 
 Our revenue and operating results are highly dependent on the overall demand for advertising and any macroeconomic challenges may adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
 Our business depends on the overall demand for advertising and on the economic health of our current and prospective sellers and buyers. If advertisers reduce their overall advertising spending, our revenue and results of operations are directly affected. Accordingly, our business and operations have been, and could in the future be, adversely affected by events beyond our control, such as health epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical events, including the conflict in Ukraine, and economic and macroeconomic factors like labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, inflation and recessionary concerns impacting the markets and communities in which our clients operate. 
 For instance, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and associated economic challenges, a significant number of advertisers, in particular with respect to certain categories of advertising that were particularly impacted by the pandemic and resulting stay-at-home orders, reduced their advertising budgets, resulting in an overall decrease in advertising spend through our platform compared to our pre-COVID expectations. More recently, our business has been negatively impacted as a result of macroeconomic challenges, such as inflation, global hostilities, recession, and other macroeconomic factors, which have generally negatively impacted ad budgets, and in turn led to reduced ad spend through our platform. Any worsening of macroeconomic conditions in future periods would likely have a negative effect on our financial results, the magnitude of which is difficult to predict. In addition, continued inflation could result in an increase in our cost base relative to our revenue. 

Risks Related to Our Business, Growth Prospects and Operating Results 
 If CTV advertising spend grows more slowly than we expect our operating results and growth prospects could be harmed. 
 The growth of our platform is dependent, in part, on the continued growth in CTV advertising spend. Growth in the CTV advertising market is dependent on a number of factors, including the pace of cord-cutting (the replacement of tradition linear TV for CTV streaming), the continued proliferation of digital content and CTV providers, the adoption of ad-supported models by CTV sellers in lieu of, or in addition to, subscription models, and an acceleration in the shift of ad dollars from traditional linear TV to CTV to keep pace with changing viewership habits. If the market for ad-supported CTV develops more slowly than we expect or fails to develop as a result of these or other factors, our operating results and growth prospects could be harmed. 
 If CTV sellers fail to adopt programmatic advertising solutions, or adopt such solutions more slowly than we expect, our operating and growth prospects could be harmed. 
 As digital advertising has continued to scale and evolve, the amount of advertising being bought and sold programmatically has increased dramatically. Despite the opportunities created by programmatic advertising, CTV sellers have been slower to adopt programmatic solutions compared to desktop and mobile video sellers. Many CTV sellers have backgrounds in cable or broadcast television and have limited experience with digital advertising, and in particular programmatic advertising. For these sellers, it is extremely important to protect the quality of the viewer experience to maintain brand goodwill and ensure that online advertising efforts do not create sales channel conflicts or otherwise detract from their direct sales force. In this regard, programmatic advertising presents a number of potential challenges, including the ability to ensure that ads are brand safe, comply with business rules around competitive separation, are not overly repetitive, are played at the appropriate volume and do not cause delays in load-time of content. Our platform was designed to address these challenges and we have invested significant time and resources cultivating relationships with CTV sellers to establish best practices and evangelize the benefits of programmatic CTV. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 While we believe that programmatic advertising will continue to grow as a percentage of overall CTV advertising, there can be no assurances that CTV sellers will adopt programmatic solutions or the speed at which they may adopt such solutions. Any such failure or delay in adoption could negatively impact our finance results and growth prospects. 
 We may not be able to maintain or increase access to the CTV advertising inventory monetized through our platform on terms acceptable to us. 
 Our success requires us to maintain and expand our access to premium and unique advertising inventory. We do not own or control the ad inventory upon which our business depends and do not own or create content. Sellers are generally not required to offer a specified level of inventory on our platform, and we cannot be assured that any publisher will continue to make their ad inventory available on our platform. Sellers may seek to change the terms on which they offer inventory on our platform, including with respect to pricing, or may elect to make advertising inventory available to our competitors who offer more favorable economic terms. Due to their significant negotiating leverage, Sellers may also require us to take increased risks in some of our commercial agreements in the form of offering revenue guarantees or minimum spend commitments. Furthermore, sellers may enter into exclusive relationships with our competitors, which preclude us from offering their inventory. 
 These risks are particularly pronounced with CTV sellers. CTV inventory is highly sought after, and unlike desktop or mobile advertising, which may come from disparate sources, CTV inventory tends to be concentrated on a smaller number of larger sellers that enjoy significant negotiating leverage. This dynamic has been exacerbated by consolidation in the industry, as a number of digital-first CTV sellers have been acquired by larger established television and media brands. In some instances, consolidation may result in the loss of business with an existing client (for example, if an acquiror has a preferred relationship with one of our competitors or has a proprietary solution). As a result of this concentration, the loss of a CTV client may result in a significant decrease in the amount of CTV inventory available through our platform. Any decrease in our ability to access CTV inventory could negatively impact our results, as we view CTV revenue as a key differentiator and driver for our growth. 
 We may be unsuccessful in our Supply Path Optimization efforts. 
 SPO refers to efforts by buyers to consolidate the number of vendors with which they work to find the most effective and cost-efficient paths to procure media. There are a number of criteria that buyers use to evaluate supply partners. While we believe we are well positioned to benefit from supply path optimization in the long run as a result of our transparency, our pricing tools, which reduce the overall cost of working with us, our broad and unique inventory supply across all channels and formats, buyer tools such as traffic shaping that reduce the cost of working with us, and our brand safety measures, we compete for demand with a number of well-established companies, and we must continue to adapt and improve our offerings to win buyers' business. 
 In addition, in order to achieve increased advertising spend or prevent loss of business to a competitor, we may negotiate discounts, rebates, or similar incentives with advertisers or agencies. We believe that because our business has many fixed costs, increases in advertising spend volume generally create opportunities to disproportionately improve our bottom line results, even with increased discounts, rebates or other buyer incentives. However, our revenue could be negatively impacted by discounts, rebates and other buyer incentives, notwithstanding an increase in ad spend. 
 Our technology development efforts may be inefficient or ineffective, which may impair our ability to attract buyers and sellers. 
 We face intense competition in the marketplace and are confronted by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and consumer needs, regulatory changes, and the frequent introduction of new solutions by our competitors to which we must adapt and respond. Our future success will depend in part upon our ability to enhance our existing solution and to develop and introduce competing new solutions in a timely manner with features and pricing that meet changing client and market requirements. Our solutions are complex and can require a significant investment of time and resources to develop, test, introduce, and enhance. These activities can take longer than we expect. We schedule and prioritize our development efforts according to a variety of factors, including our perceptions of market trends, client requirements, and resource availability; however, we may encounter unanticipated difficulties that require us to re-direct, scale back, or modify our efforts. If development of our solution becomes significantly more expensive due to changes in regulatory requirements or industry practices, or other factors, we may find ourselves at a disadvantage to larger competitors with more resources to devote to development. These factors place significant demands upon our engineering organization, require complex planning, and can result in acceleration of some initiatives and delay of others. We have expanded our use of outsourced software development, which may put the company at greater risk with respect to our technology development because we may have less control over the performance of outside programmers and we may be at greater risk of losing their services. To the extent we do not manage our development efforts efficiently and effectively, we may fail to produce solutions that respond appropriately to the needs of buyers and sellers, and competitors may more successfully develop responsive offerings. If our solution is not competitive, buyers and sellers can be expected to shift their business to competing solutions. Buyers and sellers may also resist adopting our 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 new solutions for various reasons, including reluctance to disrupt existing relationships and business practices or to invest in necessary technological integration. 
 The emergence of header bidding has increased competition from other demand sources and may cause infrastructure strain and added cost. 
 In the mobile and desktop channels, the vast majority of sellers have embraced header bidding technology, a solution by which impressions that would have previously been exposed to different potential sources of demand in a sequence dictated by ad server priorities are instead available for concurrent competitive bidding by demand sources. This can help sellers increase revenue by exposing their inventory to more bidders, thereby allocating more inventory to demand sources that value it most highly. While header bidding has increased our access to certain pools of inventory that otherwise would have been allocated first to other exchanges, thus increasing our revenue opportunity, it has also resulted in a number of challenges for our business. For instance, some sellers may choose not to integrate with us as a header-bidding demand source, or may prioritize other sources of demand, including owners of the header bidding solutions, leaving us at a competitive disadvantage in the auction. In addition, header bidding generally exposes us to additional competition by demand sources that, prior to the emergence of header bidding, might have been below us in the sellers' ad server sequences or otherwise unable to compete effectively for inventory. Lastly, header-bidding has vastly increased the volume of ad requests that need to be processed and analyzed through our system, resulting in increased infrastructure costs. 
 If we are unable to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our header bidding solutions and installations, we may not fully offset these increased infrastructure costs, and we will not be able to take full advantage of the opportunities made available through current header bidding technology to access a larger addressable market and increase our revenue by capturing a greater share of inventory. In addition, our success in monetizing impressions through header-bidding solutions is dependent on the interoperability of our platform with proprietary header-bidding solutions, some of which are owned by our competitors. As a result, we may be susceptible to evolution in technology and changes in business practices by the owners of such header-bidding solutions that we cannot predict. 
 While header-bidding technologies have not been largely adopted by CTV sellers, such solutions or similar solutions geared towards increasing demand competition may become more prevalent in the future. If we are not able to effectively offer or adapt our technology to such solutions, it may lead to increased competition for CTV inventory, resulting in reduced opportunities or higher costs to monetize such inventory. We plan to address this, in part, through our recent acquisition of SpringServe, which offers sellers a unified programmatic demand solution for CTV, which leverages our existing programmatic SSP capabilities as well as connecting with third party programmatic demand sources. However, this is a new offering and it may not be adopted by clients, or such clients may adopt competing solutions. 
 We must increase the scale and efficiency of our technology infrastructure to support our growth and transaction volumes. 
 Our technology must scale to process the increased ad requests on our platform. Additionally, for each individual advertising impression created when a user visits a website or uses an application where our auctions technology is integrated, our technology must send bid requests to appropriate buyers, receive and process their responses, select a winner, and, increasingly, integrate with downstream decisioning systems. It must perform these transactions end-to-end within milliseconds. We must continue to increase the capacity of our platform to support our high-volume strategy, to cope with increased data volumes and parties resulting from header bidding and an increasing variety of advertising formats and platforms, and to maintain a stable service infrastructure and reliable service delivery. To the extent we are unable, for cost or other reasons, to effectively increase the capacity of our platform, continue to process transactions at fast enough speeds, and support emerging advertising formats or services preferred by buyers, our revenue will suffer. We expect to continue to invest in our platform to meet increasing demand. Such investment may negatively affect our profitability and results of operations. 
 Our belief that there is significant and growing demand for reserve auctions may be inaccurate, and we may not realize a return from our investments in that area. 
 We believe there is significant and growing demand for reserve auctions, where publishers establish direct deals or private marketplaces with select buyers, and we have made significant investments to meet that demand and grow our market share of reserve auctions. Currently, the majority of CTV transactions are executed through reserve auctions and we expect reserve auctions to grow as a percentage of revenue in mobile and desktop as well. Additionally, we expect our Demand Manager solution to serve as a tool for increasing the prevalence of reserve auction in desktop and mobile. Reserve auctions may involve lower fees than we can charge for open marketplace transactions, which may not be fully offset by anticipated higher CPMs. In some cases, we have experienced fee pressure as we have built out our reserve auction offering, and we expect this fee pressure to increase as more competitors, including new entrants as well as sellers themselves, build their own technology and infrastructure to enable reserve auctions. Even if the market for these solutions develops as we anticipate, and our buyers and sellers embrace our offerings, the positive effect of our reserve auction offerings on our results of operations may be offset or negated if reserve auctions cannibalize our open marketplace transaction volumes, by similar offerings from our competitors, or through other adverse developments. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 We have invested heavily in our mobile technology, which poses unique risks compared to our desktop display business. To the extent our access to mobile inventory is limited by third-party technology or lack of direct relationships with mobile sellers, our ability to grow our business will be impaired. 
 Due to increased usage of mobile devices and resulting migration of advertising spending to mobile platforms, we have invested heavily in our mobile technology. Our success in the mobile channel depends upon the ability of our technology solution to provide advertising for most mobile-connected devices, as well as the major operating systems or Internet browsers that run on them and the thousands of applications that are downloaded onto them. The design of mobile devices and operating systems, applications, or Internet browsers is controlled by third parties. These parties frequently introduce new devices and applications, and from time to time they may introduce new operating systems or Internet browsers or modify existing ones in ways that may significantly affect our business, such as by providing ad-blocking capabilities or by limiting access to Internet user data. Network carriers may also affect the ability to access specified content on mobile devices. To the extent our solution is unable to work on these devices, operating systems, applications, or Internet browsers for any reason, our ability to generate revenue through mobile advertising is significantly impaired, and that impairment may be material. 
 We expect mobile applications to be the largest driver of our mobile business. Many mobile apps utilize software development kits, or SDKs, and other proprietary technology of third parties, such as aggregators, and it is those third parties, not the application providers themselves, that contract with us to provide exchange services to help monetize the inventory. Due to this consolidation, if our relationships with these third parties decline or are terminated, it may result in a larger than usual loss of access to mobile inventory. Any rapid and/or significant decline in the availability of mobile inventory can adversely affect our mobile advertising spend and growth prospects. 
 Fee issues have in the past and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 A majority of our revenue comes from buyers purchasing advertising inventory made available by sellers on our platform. We experience requests from buyers for discounts, fee concessions or revisions, rebates or other forms of consideration, refunds, and greater levels of pricing transparency and specificity, in some cases as a condition to maintain the relationship or to increase the amount of advertising spend that the buyer sends to our platform. In addition, we charge fees to sellers for use of our technology, typically as a percentage of the cost of media, and we may decide to offer discounts or other pricing concessions in order to attract more inventory or demand, or to compete effectively with other providers that have different or lower pricing structures and may be able to undercut our pricing due to greater scale or other factors. Our revenue, take rate (our fee as a percentage of advertising spend), the value of our business, and the price of our stock could be adversely affected if we cannot maintain and grow our revenue and profitability through volume increases that compensate for price reductions, or if we are forced to make significant fee concessions, rebates, or refunds, or if buyers reduce spending with us or sellers reduce inventory available through our exchange due to fee disputes or pricing issues. 
 Our take rates may be difficult to forecast and may decrease in future periods; any decrease in our take rates may result in a decrease in our revenue notwithstanding an increase in the amount of spend transacted through our platform. 
 We generate revenue through our platform on a transactional basis where we are paid by a publisher each time an impression is monetized on our platform. Typically, this fee is structured as a percentage of advertising spend that the publisher receives for its inventory. Our take rate varies by publisher and transaction type. For instance, our take rate tends to be lower for reserve auctions compared to open auctions, and tends to be lower on CTV transactions compared to other channels. Additionally, take rates tend to be higher for our managed service business where we are responsible for delivering a campaign at a fixed price. We may also negotiate lower take rates with large sellers to win additional business or share of inventory. 
 As a result of these factors, even if we are able to accurately forecast the anticipated total advertising spend transacted by buyers across our platform, we may have limited visibility regarding the revenue or Revenue ex-TAC (as defined in section "Key Operating and Financial Performance Metrics") we will generate. Any decrease in our take rate could cause our revenue and Revenue ex-TAC to decrease notwithstanding an increase in the total spend transacted through our seller platform. 
 We have a history of losses and we face many risks that may prevent us from achieving or sustaining profitability in the future. 
 We reported net loss of 130.3 million, net income of 0.1 million, and net loss of 53.4 million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 524.8 million. We have implemented strategic plans designed to improve our financial performance and continue to increase revenue, and have taken steps to reduce unnecessary expenses and redirect spending to areas we expect to produce higher growth; however, these plans and steps may ultimately prove to be unsuccessful. 
 Notwithstanding these measures, revenue could decrease due to competitive pressures, maturation of our business, macroeconomic or other factors, and additional cost-reduction measures may be required even as we must continue to increase investment in technology in response to industry developments and to retain competitiveness. We may not be able to sustain growth or to achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Our business and the businesses of our advertiser clients may be subject to sales and use tax, advertising and other taxes. 
 The application of sales and use tax, goods and services tax, business tax and gross receipt tax on our digital services is complex and evolving. In general, sales of tangible personal property are subject to sales and use tax unless a specific exemption applies, while services generally are not subject to sales tax unless specifically enumerated. Advertising services are considered a service and are generally not subject to sales and use tax, except in a few states. For example, Maryland adopted a tax on gross revenues from digital advertising. While the law has already been successfully challenged, the law took effect and we are technically subject to the tax, which increases our cost of doing business. Other states are looking to follow suit and tax either digital advertising or other goods or services. In addition, the continual evolution of our services and the expansion of our business offerings may further complicate the determination of the sales taxability of our services in certain jurisdictions. 
 As a result of various factors, our operating results have in the past and may in the future fluctuate significantly, be difficult to predict, and fall below analysts' and investors' expectations. 
 Our operating results are difficult to predict, particularly because we generally do not have long-term contracts with buyers or sellers. We have experienced significant variations in revenue and operating results from period to period, and operating results may continue to fluctuate and be difficult to predict due to a number of factors, including: 
 seasonality in demand for digital advertising, as many advertisers devote a disproportionate amount of their advertising budgets to the fourth quarter of the calendar year to coincide with increased holiday purchasing, and advertising inventory in the fourth quarter may be more expensive due to increased demand for advertising inventory; 
 changes in pricing of advertising inventory or pricing for our solution and our competitors' offerings, including potential further reductions in our pricing and overall take rate as a result of competitive pressure, changes in supply, improvements in technology and extension of automation to higher-value inventory, uncertainty regarding rate of adoption, changes in the allocation of demand spend by buyers, changes in revenue mix, auction dynamics, pricing discussions or negotiations with clients and potential clients, header bidding and other factors; 
 diversification of our revenue mix to include new services, some of which may have lower pricing or may cannibalize existing business; 
 the addition or loss of buyers or sellers; 
 general economic conditions and the economic health of our current and prospective sellers and buyers; 
 changes in the advertising strategies or budgets or financial condition of advertisers; 
 the performance of our technology and the cost, timeliness, and results of our technology innovation efforts; 
 advertising technology and digital media industry conditions and the overall demand for advertising, or changes and uncertainty in the regulatory environment for us or buyers or sellers, including with respect to privacy regulation; 
 the introduction of new technologies or service offerings by our competitors and market acceptance of such technologies or services; 
 the phasing out of third-party cookies throughout the industry; 
 our level of expenses, including investment required to support our technology development, scale our technology infrastructure and business expansion efforts, including acquisitions, hiring and capital expenditures, or expenses related to litigation; 
 the success of the consolidation of our two CTV platforms; 
 the impact of changes in our stock price on valuation of stock-based compensation or other instruments that are marked to market; 
 the effectiveness of our financial and information technology infrastructure and controls; 
 geopolitical and social factors, such as concerns regarding negative, unstable or changing economic conditions in the countries and regions where we operate, global and regional recessions, political instability, and trade disputes; 
 foreign exchange rate fluctuations; and 
 changes in accounting policies and principles and the significant judgments and estimates made by management in the application of these policies and principles. 
 Because significant portions of our expenses are relatively fixed, variation in our quarterly revenue can cause significant variations in operating results and resulting stock price volatility from period to period. Period-to-period comparisons of our historical results of operations are not necessarily meaningful, and historical operating results may not be indicative of future performance. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, or below any guidance we may provide to the market, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Relationships with Buyers and Sellers and Other Strategic Relationships 
 We rely on buyers and sellers to abide by contractual requirements and relevant laws, rules, and regulations when using our solution. The acts or omissions of buyers or sellers, or our own failure to meet advertising and inventory content standards and provide services that our buyers and sellers trust, could harm our brand and reputation and those of our partners, and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The buyers and sellers engaging in transactions through our platform impose various requirements upon each other, and they and the underlying advertisers are subject to regulatory requirements by governments and standards bodies applicable to their activities. Though we contractually require buyers and sellers to abide by relevant laws, rules and regulations, as well as restrictions by their counterparties, when transacting on our platform, we do not control the content of the advertisements that we serve or the content of the websites providing the inventory, and there are many circumstances in which it is difficult or impossible for us to monitor or evaluate the compliance of our buyers and sellers. If buyers or sellers fail to abide by relevant laws, rules and regulations, or contract requirements, we could potentially face liability for such misuse. 
 In addition, both advertisers and inventory suppliers are concerned about being associated with content they consider inappropriate, competitive or inconsistent with their brands, or illegal, and they are hesitant to spend money or make inventory available, respectively, without some guarantee of brand security. Buyers increasingly require us to accept liability for inventory quality and sellers increasingly require us to accept liability for ad content. Consequently, our reputation depends in part on providing services that our buyers and sellers trust, and we have contractual obligations to meet content and inventory standards. We contractually prohibit the misuse of our platform by our buyers and sellers and actively monitor inventory against our quality guidelines. Despite such efforts, we may provide access to inventory that is objectionable to our buyers or serve advertising that contains objectionable content, which could harm our or our clients brand and reputation, decrease their trust in our platform, and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, we may receive public pressure to discontinue working with certain sellers or buyers on our platform and our determination whether to continue or cease working with a given client may subject us to reputational risk. 
 Our contracts with buyers and sellers are generally not exclusive, may be terminated upon relatively short notice, and generally do not require minimum volumes or long-term commitments. If buyers or sellers representing a significant portion of the demand or inventory in our marketplace decide to materially reduce the use of our solution, we could experience an immediate and significant decline in our revenue and profitability and harm to our business. 
 Generally, our buyers and sellers are not obligated to provide us with any minimum volumes of business, may do business with our competitors as well as with us, may reduce or cancel their business with us or terminate our contracts without penalty, and may bypass us and transact directly with each other or through other intermediaries that compete with us. Accordingly, our business is highly vulnerable to changes in the macro environment, price competition, and development of new or more compelling offerings by our competitors, which could reduce business generally or motivate buyers or sellers to migrate to competitors offerings. 
 Sellers and buyers may seek to change the terms on which they do business with us, or allocate their advertising inventory or demand to our competitors who provide advertising demand and supply to them on more favorable terms or whose offerings are considered more beneficial. Supply of advertising inventory is also limited for some sellers, such as special sites or new technologies, and sellers may request higher prices, fixed price arrangements or guarantees that we cannot provide as effectively as our competitors, or that would reduce the profitability of that business. In addition, sellers sometimes place significant restrictions on the sale of their advertising inventory, such as strict security requirements, limitations on data sharing, prohibitions on advertisements from specific advertisers or specific industries, and restrictions on the use of specified creative content or format. Finally, with the proliferation of header bidding, sellers' inventory is available for purchase through multiple exchanges simultaneously. Buyers, in turn, are free to direct their spend to us or one or more of our competitors, and increasingly are seeking price concessions, rebates, or other consideration to direct more spend towards us. 
 We serve many buyers and sellers, but certain large buyers and sellers have accounted for and will continue to account for a disproportionate share of business transacted through our solution. In 2022 there were two buyers of advertising inventory that indirectly contributed to approximately 35 of revenue through their buying activity from sellers on our platform. If a buyer or group of buyers representing a significant portion of the demand in our marketplace, or a seller or group of sellers representing a significant portion of the inventory in our marketplace decides to materially reduce use of our solutions, it could cause an immediate and significant decline in our revenue and profitability and harm to our business. In addition, loss of substantial inventory or demand could degrade our marketplace. Loss of major DSP sources of demand could adversely affect bid density or pricing in our auctions, and reduction in fees if we are not able to redirect inventory to other demand sources. Loss of important unique inventory could reduce fees from demand that cannot be shifted to other sellers and make it harder to differentiate ourselves from our competitors. The number of large media buyers and sellers in the market is finite, and it could be difficult for us to replace the losses from any buyers or sellers whose relationships with us diminish or terminate. Additionally, if we overestimate future usage, we may incur additional expenses in adding infrastructure without a commensurate increase in revenue, which would harm our profitability and other operating results. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Because of these factors, we seek to expand and diversify our client relationships. In particular, as part of our strategy to increase the volume of advertising inventory on our exchange, we are continuing relationships with aggregators of inventory and with large sources of supply that have their own monetization capabilities but also allow third parties to connect to their exchanges and bid on their inventory. These relationships represent additional risks in terms of inventory quality, transaction discrepancies, and collections, and may be less profitable because we may be required to compensate these partners or share the fees available for intermediaries in these transactions, and may incur higher serving costs relative to revenue. 
 We must provide value to both buyers and sellers of advertising without being perceived as favoring one over the other or being perceived as competing with them through our service offerings. 
 We are interposed between buyers and sellers, and to be successful, we must continue to find ways of providing value to both without being perceived as favoring one at the expense of the other. For example, our proprietary auction algorithms, which are designed to improve auction outcomes, influence the allocation and pricing of impressions and must do so in ways that add value to both buyers and sellers. Continued technological evolution in the availability and use of more data to inform buying and selling decisions necessitates that we, as an intermediary, use data in a manner that complies with the expectations of both our seller and buyer clients. Furthermore, because new business models continue to emerge, we must constantly adapt our relationship with buyers and sellers and how we market ourselves to each. Consistent with our goal of connecting buyers and sellers, we seek to grow our connections to each, and we must take care that our deeper connections with buyers, on the one hand, or sellers, on the other hand, do not come at the expense of the other's interests. In addition, as our own capabilities evolve, we may be perceived by clients, particularly buyers, as competing with them. If we fail to balance our clients' interests appropriately, our ability to provide a full suite of services and our growth prospects may be compromised. 
 We rely on technological intermediaries such as DSPs to purchase advertising on behalf of advertisers. Such buyers may have or develop high-risk credit profiles or pay slowly, which may result in credit risk to us or require additional working capital to fund our accounts payable. In addition, direct billing arrangements between buyers and sellers may result in unfavorable fee dynamics and increased working capital demands. 
 Generally, we invoice and collect from buyers the full purchase price for impressions they have purchased, retain our fees, and remit the balance to sellers. However, in some cases, we may be required or choose to pay sellers for impressions delivered before we have collected, or even if we are unable to collect, from the buyer of those impressions. There can be no assurances that we will not experience bad debt in the future, and write-offs for bad debt could have a materially negative effect on our results of operations for the periods in which the write-offs occur. In addition, we attempt to coordinate collections from our buyers so as to fund our payment obligations to our sellers. However, some buyers and sellers may require direct billing and collection arrangements between themselves, and some providers of header bidding wrappers or other downstream decisioning mechanisms in which we participate (such as Google EB) may control billing and collection for transactions we win through their platforms. Further, growth and increased competitive pressure in the digital advertising industry is causing advertisers and buyers to become more demanding, resulting in overall increased focus by all industry participants on pricing, transparency, and cash and collection cycles. Some buyers have experienced financial pressures that have motivated them to slow the timing of their payments to us. If buyers slow their payments to us or our cash collections are significantly diminished as a result of these dynamics, our revenue and/or cash flow could be adversely affected and we may need to use working capital to fund our accounts payable pending collection from the buyers. This may result in additional costs and cause us to forgo or defer other more productive uses of that working capital. 
 Our sales efforts with buyers and sellers may require significant time and expense and may not yield the results we seek. 
 Attracting new buyers and sellers and increasing our business with existing buyers and sellers involves substantial time, expense, and personnel investments, and we may not be successful in our efforts. This is particularly true with respect to our managed service business, which relies on direct relationships with advertisers, and is therefore more resource intensive. We may spend substantial time and effort educating buyers and sellers about our offerings, including providing demonstrations and comparisons against other available solutions. Certain of our product offerings require a significant amount of time and costs in the initial client setup and implementation, and we generally do not recognize revenue from such clients until we commence services. This process can be costly and time-consuming, and is complicated by us having to spend time integrating our solution with software of buyers and sellers. Because our solution may be less familiar in some markets outside the United States, the time and expense involved with attracting, educating and integrating buyers and sellers in international markets may be even greater than in the United States. If we are not successful in targeting, supporting and streamlining our sales processes, our ability to grow our business may be adversely affected. In addition, because of competitive market conditions and negotiating leverage enjoyed by large buyers and sellers, we are sometimes forced to choose between loss of business or contracting on terms that allocate more risk to us than we would prefer to accept. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Our business relationships expose us to risk of substantial liability for contract breach, violation of laws and regulations, intellectual property infringement and other losses, and our contractual indemnities and limitations of liability may not protect us adequately. 
 Our agreements with sellers, buyers and other third parties typically obligate us to provide indemnity and defense for losses resulting from claims of intellectual property infringement, damages to property or persons, business losses or other liabilities. Generally, these indemnity and defense obligations relate to our own business operations, obligations and acts or omissions. However, under some circumstances, we agree to indemnify and defend contract counterparties against losses resulting from their own business operations, obligations and acts or omissions, or the business operations, obligations and acts or omissions of third parties. For example, because our business interposes us between buyers and sellers in various ways, buyers often require us to indemnify them against acts and omissions of sellers, and sellers often require us to indemnify them against acts and omissions of buyers. Large indemnity obligations, or obligations to third parties not adequately covered by the indemnity obligations of our contract counterparties, could expose us to significant costs. 
 Our solution relies on third-party open source software components. Failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could expose us to liabilities, and the combination of certain open source software with code that we develop could compromise the proprietary nature of our solution. 
 Our solution utilizes software licensed to us by third-party authors under "open source" licenses. The use of open source software may entail greater risks than the use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. If we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public. This would allow our competitors to create similar solutions with lower development effort and time and ultimately put us at a competitive disadvantage. 
 The terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on us. Moreover, we cannot guarantee that our processes for controlling our use of open source software will be effective. If we are held to have breached the terms of an open source software license, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties to continue operating using our solution on terms that are not economically feasible, to re-engineer our solution or the supporting computational infrastructure to discontinue use of certain code, or to make generally available, in source code form, portions of our proprietary code. 
 
 Risks Related to the Advertising Technology Industry, Market, and Competition 
 The digital advertising market may develop more slowly or differently than we expect, if so our business, growth prospects and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 Our future growth will be constrained if we are not able to adapt successfully to market evolution. It is difficult to predict adoption rates, demand for our solution, the future growth rate and size of the digital advertising solutions market or the entry of competitive solutions. Any expansion of the market for digital advertising solutions depends on a number of factors, including social and regulatory acceptance, the growth of the overall digital advertising market and the growth of specific sectors including CTV, social, mobile, video, and out-of-home as well as the actual or perceived technological viability, quality, cost, performance and value associated with emerging digital advertising solutions. If digital marketing does not develop in the manner we expect, our business and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 We operate in an intensely competitive market that includes companies that have greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. 
 We face intense competition in the marketplace. We compete for advertising spending against competitors that, in some cases, are also buyers and/or sellers on our platform. We also compete for supply of advertising inventory against a variety of competitors. Some of our existing and potential competitors are better established, benefit from greater name recognition, may have offerings and technology that we do not have or have significantly more financial, technical, sales, and marketing resources than we do. In addition, some competitors, particularly those with greater scale or a more diversified revenue base and a broader offering, have greater flexibility than we do to compete aggressively on the basis of price and other contract terms, or to compete with us by including in their product offerings services that we may not provide. Some existing and potential buyers have their own direct relationships with sellers or are seeking to establish such relationships, and many sellers are investing in capabilities that enable them to connect more effectively directly with buyers without the use of intermediaries such as us. Our business suffers to the extent that buyers and sellers purchase and sell advertising inventory directly from one another or through intermediaries other than us, reducing the amount of advertising spend on our platform. New or stronger competitors may emerge through acquisitions and industry consolidation or through development of disruptive 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 technologies. If our offerings are not perceived as competitively differentiated, we could lose clients, market share or be compelled to reduce our prices, making it more difficult to grow our business profitably. 
 There has been rapid evolution and consolidation in the advertising technology industry, and we expect these trends to continue, thereby increasing the capabilities and competitive posture of larger companies, particularly those that are already dominant in various ways, and enabling new or stronger competitors to emerge. There is a finite number of large buyers and sellers in our target markets, and any consolidation of buyers or sellers may give the resulting enterprises greater bargaining power or result in the loss of buyers and sellers that use our platform, and thus reduce our potential base of buyers and sellers, each of which would lead to erosion of our revenue. 
 As technology continues to improve and market factors continue to attract investment, competition and pricing pressure may increase and market saturation may change the competitive landscape in favor of larger competitors with greater scale and broader offerings, including those that can afford to spend more than we can to grow more quickly and strengthen their competitive position. In addition, our competitors or potential competitors may adopt certain aspects of our business model, which could reduce our ability to differentiate our solutions. 
 For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current and future competitors. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Collection, Use and Disclosure of Data 
 Our business depends on our ability to collect and use data to deliver advertisements, and to disclose data relating to the performance of advertisements. Any limitation imposed on our collection, use or disclosure of this data could significantly diminish the value of our solution and cause us to lose sellers, buyers, and revenue. Consumer tools, regulatory restrictions and technological limitations all threaten our ability to use and disclose data. 
 The more informed advertising is about its audience, the more valuable it is. Programmatic advertising enables more precise audience targeting based on the interests and actions of the user. Targeted advertising is generally more effective and valuable for buyers than other types of advertising, resulting in more revenue for sellers. In order to target advertising, we and our clients must collect and use data in a variety of ways. Our ability to collect, use, and share data about advertising purchase and sale transactions and user behavior and interaction with content is critical to the value of our services, and any limitation on our data practices could impair our ability to deliver effective solutions to our clients. Any restriction on the types of data we collect could make placement of advertising through our solution less valuable, with commensurate reductions in revenue. 
 Consumers can, with increasing ease, implement practices or technologies that may limit our ability, or that of our sellers, buyers and business partners, to collect data. For example, users may delete or block the use of the cookies and similar technologies used to collect data, including through their browser or mobile device settings. Consumers may also download "ad blocking" software that prevents certain cookies from being stored on a user s computer or mobile device or from making calls to advertising partners. This may prevent the display of targeted or other advertisements. In addition, device manufacturers, browsers and other tools are increasingly promoting features that allow users to disable the collection of data. For example, Apple now requires user opt-in before permitting access to Apple s unique identifier, or IDFA. This shift from enabling user opt-out to an opt-in requirement has had, and will likely continue to have, a substantial impact on the mobile advertising ecosystem and could harm growth in this channel. User privacy features of other channels of programmatic advertising, such as CTV or over-the-top video, are also still developing. Technical or policy changes, including regulation or industry self-regulation, could harm our growth in those channels. 
 In addition, current and potential future privacy laws and regulations in the U.S. and abroad already restrict, and could further restrict, the ability to collect and process certain types of user data, including, in the case of GDPR and UK GDPR, requiring user consent or another legal basis in order to collect or process personal data and, in the case of CCPA and other state privacy laws, giving the user a right to opt out of the sale of their personal data as well as the sharing and processing of such data for targeted advertising purposes. To the extent sellers are unable to obtain valid consent or an alternative legal basis or otherwise become restricted from processing or sharing data for targeted advertising purposes, it would impair the ability to deliver targeted advertisements on their inventory. 
 Further, much of the data we collect and use belongs to our buyers or sellers, and we receive their permission to use it. Although our sellers and buyers generally permit us to aggregate and use data from advertising placements, subject to certain restrictions, sellers or buyers might decide to restrict our collection or use of their data. There could be various reasons for this, including perceptions by buyers that their data can be used by sellers to extract higher prices for impressions, or perceptions by sellers that their data can be used by buyers to bid tactically to reduce pricing for impressions. As consumers continue to increase their use of digital technology and to incorporate multiple devices into their lives, linking and using data across such devices will become increasingly important. Various challenges affect our ability to link data relating to discrete devices or browsers, including different technologies, increased user awareness and sensitivity regarding use of data about their device usage, and evolving regulatory and self-regulatory standards. These challenges may slow growth, and if we are not able to cope with these challenges as effectively as other companies, we will be competitively disadvantaged. Any limitation on our ability 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 to collect data about user behavior and interaction with content could make it more difficult for us to deliver effective solutions that meet the needs of sellers and buyers. 
 If cookies are replaced by alternative tracking mechanisms, our performance may decline and we may lose buyers and revenue. 
 Industry participants in the advertising technology ecosystem have taken or may take action to eliminate or restrict the use of cookies and other identifiers, and we expect the use of third-party cookies to be largely phased out by the end of 2024. For instance, Google has announced plans to fully eliminate support for third-party cookies in the Chrome browser by the end of 2024, while Apple has further restricted the use of mobile identifiers on its devices. In the absence of third-party cookies, it is possible that these or other companies in our ecosystem may rely on proprietary algorithms or statistical methods to track web users without cookies, or may utilize log-in credentials entered by users, to track web usage, including usage across multiple devices, without cookies. Alternatively, such companies may build different and potentially proprietary user tracking methods into their widely-used web browsers. While these new identification solutions will likely provide some level of consistency and compatibility with our platform, they are unreleased and unproven, and will require substantial development and commercial changes for us to support. There is also further risk that the changes will disproportionately benefit the owners of these platforms or the large walled gardens that have access to large amounts of first party data. Even if cookies are effectively replaced by open industry-wide tracking standards rather than proprietary standards, we may still incur substantial re-engineering costs to replace cookies with these new technologies. This may also diminish the quality or value of our services to buyers if such new technologies do not provide us with the quality or timeliness of the data that we currently generate from cookies. 
 Our belief that the elimination of third-party cookies will lead to an increased use of first-party publisher data may be incorrect. 
 We believe that the elimination of third party cookies has the potential to shift the programmatic ecosystem from an identity model powered by buyers that are able to aggregate and target audiences through cookies and other tracking technologies to one enabled by sellers that have direct relationships with consumers and are therefore better positioned to obtain user data and consent for implementing first party identifiers. While we believe that our platform and scale position us well to provide the infrastructure and tools needed for a publisher-centric identity model to succeed, there is no guarantee that our efforts will lead to an increase of the use of first-party publisher segments in the ecosystem. It is also possible that the increased use of first-party publisher segments will disproportionately benefit sellers or the large walled gardens that have access to large amounts of first party data. Additionally, these changes could create some variability in our revenue across certain buyers or sellers, depending on the timing of changes and developed solutions, and even if there is an increase in the proliferation of first-party publisher segments, we may still incur substantial re-engineering costs to optimize our solution for use with such segments. 
 
 Risks Related to Regulation 
 Legislation and regulation of digital businesses, including privacy and data protection regimes, could create unexpected additional costs, subject us to enforcement actions for compliance failures, or cause us to change our technology solution or business model, which may have an adverse effect on the demand for our solution. 
 Many local, state, federal, and international laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer, and other processing of data collected from and about consumers and devices, and the regulatory framework for privacy issues is evolving worldwide. Various U.S. and foreign governments, consumer agencies, self-regulatory bodies, and public advocacy groups have called for or implemented new regulation directly impacting the digital advertising industry. For example, while California was the first state to enact an omnibus consumer privacy law in 2018, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia will each have similar laws become effective by the end of 2023, each of which affect the digital advertising ecosystem. In the future, we expect to see more state regulation, as well as potential federal regulation, aimed at the collection and use of data to target advertisements and communicate with consumers. Such legislation or regulation could affect the costs of doing business online and may adversely affect the demand for or the effectiveness and value of our solution. Some of our competitors may have more access to lobbyists or governmental officials and may use such access to effect statutory or regulatory changes in a manner that commercially harms us while favoring their solutions. 
 At the state level, amendments to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"), California s omnibus privacy law regulating business processing of personal information, take effect in 2023. Amendments include the establishment of a new privacy agency known as the California Privacy Protection Agency CPPA and gives that agency broad rulemaking authority to issue regulations that could have additional impacts on our business. In addition, by the end of 2023, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia will have adopted broad-based consumer privacy laws similar to the CCPA. These state laws define personal information or personal data in ways that capture the types of data that we collect, such as device identifiers and IP addresses. Under these laws, consumers have broad privacy rights (including rights of access and 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 deletion), which bear similarity to some of the data subject rights granted to EEA and UK residents under the GDPR and UK GDPR. In addition, these laws require all businesses that engage in certain advertising uses of consumer personal information to offer and honor an opt-out of such activities, including, in some states, through browser or device-based preference signals. The implementation of these state laws and any corresponding regulations will cause us to incur additional compliance costs and may impose additional restrictions on us and on our industry partners. 
 A potential federal privacy law remains the subject of active discussion; in June 2022, a bipartisan group of lawmakers introduced a bill that would substantially impact the digital advertising ecosystem if passed. Any federal privacy law would likely place significant restrictions on the collection and use of certain types of data used for behavioral advertising. Even without federal privacy legislation, the collection and use of data and privacy in the advertising technology industry has frequently been subject to review by the FTC. 
 In the European Economic Area ("EEA") and the United Kingdom ("UK"), the General Data Protection Regulation, Regulation (EU) 2016/679 ("GDPR") and UK General Data Protection Regulation ("UK GDPR") respectively treat much of the end-user information that is critical to programmatic digital advertising as "personal data", subject to significant conditions and restrictions on its collection, use, transfer and disclosure. The GDPR and UK GDPR also set out substantial potential liabilities for certain data protection violations and create a compliance burden for us in the course of delivering our solution in Europe. Compliance stakes are high because penalties for violation of the law can reach up to the greater of 20 million Euros (GDPR)/ 17.5 million (UK GDPR) or 4 of total worldwide annual turnover (revenue). 
 Further, many governments are restricting the transmission or storage of information about individuals beyond their national borders. Such restrictions could, depending upon their scope, limit our ability to utilize technology infrastructure consolidation, redundancy, and load-balancing techniques, resulting in increased infrastructure costs, decreased operational efficiencies and performance, and increased risk of system failure. 
 These laws and regulations are continually evolving, not always clear, and not always consistent across the jurisdictions in which we do business. Any failure to protect, and comply with applicable laws and regulations or industry standards applicable to, personal data or other data relating to consumers could result in enforcement action against us, including fines, imprisonment of our officers, and public censure, claims for damages by consumers and other affected individuals, damage to our reputation, and loss of goodwill. 
 The GDPR and UK GDPR impose strict requirements for transferring personal data from the European Economic Area and United Kingdom to the United States and other countries, and regulatory guidance and case law on international transfers is continually evolving; this increases uncertainty and may require us to change our EEA and UK data practices and/or change our technology solution or business model, which may in turn adversely affect demand for our solution. 
 The GDPR and UK GDPR generally prohibit the transfer of personal data of EEA and UK subjects outside of the European Economic Area and the UK to countries whose laws do not ensure an adequate level of protection, unless a lawful data transfer solution has been implemented. On July 16, 2020, in a case known as "Schrems II," the Court of Justice of the European Union ("CJEU") ruled on the validity of two of the primary data transfer solutions. The first method, EU-U.S. Privacy Shield operated by the U.S. Department of Commerce, was declared invalid as a legal mechanism to transfer data from the EEA and UK to the U.S. 
 The second mechanism, Standard Contractual Clauses ("SCCs"), an alternative transfer measure that we also offer to our EEA and UK customers for extra-EEA and UK data transfers, was upheld as a valid legal mechanism for transnational data transfer. However, the ruling requires that EEA and UK organizations seeking to rely on the SCCs to export data out of the EEA and UK to ensure the data is protected to a standard that is "essentially equivalent" to that under the GDPR and the UK GDPR including, where necessary, by taking "supplementary measures" to protect the data. In June 2021, the European Commission published revised SCCs, and shortly thereafter the European Data Protection Board promulgated guidance on implementation of the new clauses. However, it remains unclear what "supplementary measures" must be taken to allow the lawful transfer of personal data to the United States. As a result, we and our EU-based sellers risk becoming the subject of regulatory investigations which may result in fines or other sanctions if our approach and supplementary measures are being considered insufficient. If European sellers react by choosing to monetize their content through closed EU-only monetization chains in order to reduce risk, the volume and value of impressions available through our exchange would decrease, with potentially significant adverse consequences for our business. 
 Recently, the EU and the US have preliminarily agreed on a successor framework for the transfer of personal data from EEA subjects to the US; however, such framework is not yet in place and the precise terms are not yet established. 
 The GDPR imposes new requirements for end user consent or opt-out that may cause us to incur additional or unexpected costs, subject us to enforcement actions for compliance failures, or cause us to change our service or business model, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 The European Union Privacy and Electronic Communications Directive (Directive 2002/58/EC), commonly referred to as the "ePrivacy Directive," and the GDPR require consent or another legal basis in order to process personal data for purposes 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 of behavioral advertising, and there is currently significant risk and uncertainty regarding the standard for obtaining valid consent. 
 End-user consent is difficult for ad tech intermediaries like us to obtain because we do not have direct relationships with such end users, so we have historically relied upon sellers to obtain consent for use of our technology. To the extent any seller does not adequately satisfy its consent obligations for our technology, we may face regulatory risk. Further, emerging regulatory guidance in the EU has challenged this method of obtaining consent. To the extent we (and/or our buyers) are required to obtain or confirm consent directly from end users, our ability to use cookies or access devices within applicable jurisdictions may become significantly restricted. 
 In 2018, IAB Europe released a tool, the Transparency and Consent Framework (the "TCF"), in order to assist sellers, advertisers and advertising technology providers, with passing signals related to the legal basis obtained for processing personal data. For example, the TCF is used to indicate in the bidstream when there is consent from end users in accordance with the ePrivacy Directive and GDPR. 
 There is currently significant uncertainty as to whether the TCF (or any other) tool to convey legal basis (including consent) is acceptable to regulators as an appropriate mechanism to provide transparency and establish lawful grounds for processing. In particular, the Belgian data protection authority has recently found that consents obtained under the current form of the TCF are not valid, which may require us to change our implementation of the TCF or to implement additional or alternative measures to obtain consent from end users in order to satisfy the requirements of the ePrivacy Directive and GDPR. 
 Legal standards and regulatory guidance will continue to evolve. National regulators in the UK and EU are evolving their guidance on the use of advertising technologies and compliance with the GDPR and ePrivacy Directive. This guidance may be burdensome or inconsistent across countries, and present challenges to the way we operate. 
 As a result of all of the factors set forth above, our or our clients ability to serve target advertisements may become significantly impaired or complicated in certain jurisdictions. 
 Legal uncertainty and industry unpreparedness may mean substantial disruption and inefficiency, demand constraints, and reduced inventory supply and value. 
 Some sellers may be unprepared to comply with evolving regulatory guidance under US and foreign privacy laws, and therefore may remove personal data from their inventory before passing it into the bid stream, which would reduce the value of the inventory to buyers. Even well-prepared sellers and buyers will be confronted with difficult choices and administrative and technical hurdles to implement their privacy compliance programs and integrate with multiple other parties in the ecosystem. Further, compliance program design and implementation will be an ongoing process as understanding of the new law increases and industry compliance standards evolve. The resulting process friction could result in substantial inefficiency and loss of inventory and demand, as well as increased burdens upon our organization as we seek to assist clients and adapt our own technology and processes as necessary to comply with the law and adapt to industry practice. The uncertain regulatory environment caused by changes to privacy laws discussed in the sections above may benefit large, integrated competitors like Google, Facebook, Comcast Verizon, AT T and Amazon, which have greater compliance resources and can take advantage of their direct relationships with end users to secure consents from, and offer necessary choices to, end users that we and other intermediaries without direct user relationships are less able to obtain under current industry conditions. 
 We are subject to regulation with respect to political advertising, which lacks clarity and uniformity. 
 We are subject to regulation with respect to political advertising activities, which are governed by various federal and state laws in the U.S., and national and provincial laws worldwide. Online political advertising laws are rapidly evolving and in certain jurisdictions we have compliance requirements with respect to political ads delivered on our platform. In some jurisdictions we may determine not to serve political advertisements due to uncertainty around these requirements and potential burdens of compliance. In addition, our sellers may impose restrictions on receiving political advertising. The lack of uniformity and increasing compliance requirements around political advertising may adversely impact the amount of political advertising spent through our platform, increase our operating and compliance costs, and subject us to potential liability from regulatory agencies. 
 Failure to comply with industry self-regulation could harm our brand, reputation, and our business. 
 In addition to compliance with government regulations, we voluntarily participate in trade associations and industry self-regulatory groups that promulgate best practices or codes of conduct addressing privacy and the provision of digital advertising. If we encounter difficulties abiding by these principles, we may be subject to negative publicity, as well as investigation and litigation by governmental authorities, self-regulatory bodies or other accountability groups, buyers, sellers, or other private parties. Any such action against us could be costly and time consuming, require us to change our business practices, divert management's attention and our resources, and be damaging to our reputation and our business. In addition, we could be adversely affected by new or altered self-regulatory guidelines that are inconsistent with our practices. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Operations 
 Real or perceived errors or failures in the operation of our solution could damage our reputation and impair our sales. 
 We must operate our technology infrastructure without interruption to support the needs of sellers and buyers. Because our software is complex, undetected errors and failures may occur, especially when new versions or updates are made to our software or network infrastructure, changes are made to sellers' or buyers' software interfacing with our solution, or as we further integrate acquired technologies. Errors or bugs in our software, faulty algorithms, technical or infrastructure problems, or updates to our systems could lead to an inability to effect transactions or process data to place advertisements or price inventory effectively, cause the inadvertent disclosure of proprietary data, or cause advertisements to display improperly or be placed in proximity to inappropriate content. Such errors or failures could also result in negative publicity, disclosure of confidential information, damage to our reputation, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our solution, increased costs or loss of revenue, loss of competitive position, or claims by advertisers for losses sustained by them. We may make errors in the measurement of transactions conducted through our solution, causing discrepancies with the measurements of buyers and sellers, which can lead to a lack of confidence in us and require us to reduce our fees or provide refunds to buyers and sellers. Alleviating problems resulting from errors in our software could require significant expenditures of capital and other resources and could cause interruptions, delays, or the cessation of our business. 
 Various risks could interrupt access to our network infrastructure or data, exposing us to significant costs and other liabilities. 
 Our revenue depends on the technological ability of our solution to deliver and measure advertising impressions, and the operation of our exchange and our ability to place impressions depend on the continuing and uninterrupted performance of our IT systems. Our platform operates on our data processing equipment that is housed in third-party commercial data centers that we do not control or on servers owned and operated by cloud-based service providers. We rely on multiple bandwidth providers, multiple internet service providers, as well as content delivery network, or CDN providers, and domain name systems, or DNS providers, and mobile networks to deliver video ads. In addition, our systems interact with systems of buyers and sellers and their contractors. Any damage to, or failure of, these systems could result in interruptions to the availability or functionality of our service. Moreover, the failure of our data center hosting facilities or any other third-party providers to meet our capacity requirements could result in interruptions in the availability or functionality of our solutions or impede our ability to scale our operations. All of these facilities and systems are vulnerable to interruption and/or damage from a number of sources, many of which are beyond our control, including, without limitation: (i) loss of adequate power or cooling and telecommunications failures; (ii) fire, flood, earthquake, hurricane, and other natural disasters; (iii) software and hardware errors, failures, or crashes; (iv) financial insolvency; and (v) computer viruses, malware, hacking, terrorism, and similar disruptive problems. In particular, intentional cyber-attacks present a serious issue because they are difficult to prevent and remediate and can be used to defraud our buyers and sellers and their clients and to steal confidential or proprietary data from us, our clients, or their users. Further, because our Los Angeles office and San Francisco offices and our California data center sites are in seismically active areas, earthquakes present a particularly serious risk of business disruption. These vulnerabilities may increase with the complexity and scope of our systems and their interactions with buyer and seller systems. Malfunction or failure of our systems, or other systems that interact with our systems, or inaccessibility or corruption of data, could disrupt our operations and negatively affect our business and results of operations to a level in excess of any applicable business interruption insurance, result in potential liability to buyers and sellers, and negatively affect our reputation and ability to sell our solution. 
 Any breach of our computer systems or confidential data in our possession could expose us to significant expense and liabilities and harm our reputation. 
 We maintain our own confidential and proprietary information in our IT systems, and we control or have access to confidential, proprietary, and personal data belonging or related to buyers, sellers, and their clients and users, as well as vendors and business partners. Our clients and various third parties have access to our confidential and proprietary information. There is no guarantee that inadvertent or unauthorized use or disclosure will not occur or that third parties will not gain unauthorized access to this data despite our efforts to protect this data. Though we undertake robust security measures, any security incident could disrupt computer systems or networks, interfere with services to our sellers, buyers, or their clients, and result in unauthorized access to personally identifiable information, intellectual property, and other confidential business information owned by us or our buyers, sellers, or vendors. As a result, we could be exposed to legal claims and litigation, indemnity obligations, regulatory fines and penalties, contractual obligations, other liabilities, significant costs for remediation and re-engineering to prevent future occurrences, significant distraction to our business, and damage to our reputation, our relationships with buyers and sellers, and our ability to retain and attract new buyers and sellers. If personally identifiable information is compromised, we may be required to undertake notification and remediation procedures, provide indemnity, and undergo regulatory investigations and penalties, all of which can be extremely costly and result in adverse publicity. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Failure to detect or prevent fraud, intrusion of malware through our platform into the systems or devices of our clients and their customers, or other actions that impact the integrity of our solution or advertisement performance, could cause sellers and buyers to lose confidence in our solution and expose us to legal claims, which would cause our business to suffer. If we terminate relationships with sellers as a result of our screening efforts, our volume of paid impressions may decline. 
 We have in the past, and may in the future, be subject to fraudulent and malicious activities undertaken by persons seeking to use our platform for improper purposes, including to divert or artificially inflate purchases by buyers through our platform, or to disrupt or divert the operation of the systems and devices of our clients and their customers to misappropriate information, generate fraudulent billings, stage hostile attacks, or for other illicit purposes. Examples of such activities include the use of bots or other automated or manual mechanisms to generate fraudulent impressions that are delivered through our platform, which could overstate the performance of advertising impressions. Such activities could also include the introduction of malware through our platform by persons seeking to commandeer, or gain access to information on, consumers' devices. We use proprietary and third party technology to identify non-human inventory and traffic, as well as malware, and we generally terminate relationships with parties that appear to be engaging in such activities, which may result in fewer paid impressions in the year the relationships are terminated than would have otherwise occurred. Despite our efforts, it can be difficult to detect fraudulent or malicious activity for various reasons. If we fail to detect or prevent fraudulent or other malicious activity, we could face legal claims from clients and/or consumers and the affected advertisers may experience or perceive a reduced return on their investment or heightened risk associated with use of our solution, resulting in dissatisfaction with our solution, refusals to pay, refund demands, loss of confidence of buyers or sellers, or withdrawal of future business. We also face claims from sellers that we terminate because of known or perceived fraudulent activity, and any such claim could be material. 
 Failure to maintain the brand security features of our solution or handle viewability issues well could harm our reputation and expose us to liabilities. 
 It is important to sellers that the advertising placed on their media not conflict with existing seller arrangements and be of high quality, consistent with applicable seller standards and compliant with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. It is important to buyers that their advertisements are placed on appropriate media, in proximity with appropriate content, that the impressions for which they are charged are legitimate, and that their advertising campaigns yield their desired results. We use various measures, including proprietary technology, in an effort to store, manage and process rules set by buyers and sellers and to ensure the quality and integrity of the results delivered to sellers and buyers through our solution. If we fail to properly implement or honor rules established by buyers and sellers, or if our measures are not adequate, advertisements may be improperly placed through our platform, which can result in harm to our reputation as well as the need to pay refunds and other potential legal liabilities. 
 Moreover, viewability of digital advertising (i.e. whether an advertisement that can be seen is actually seen, in whole or part, or for how long) represents a way of assessing the value of particular inventory as a means to reach a target audience. If we do not handle viewability well, or if we are not positioned to transact the higher viewability inventory competitively, our revenue and profitability could be adversely affected and we could be competitively disadvantaged. 
 If we fail to attract, motivate, train, and retain highly qualified engineering, marketing, sales and management personnel, our ability to execute our business strategy could be impaired. 
 We are a technology-driven company and it is imperative that we have highly skilled computer scientists, data scientists, engineers and engineering management to innovate and deliver our complex solutions. Increasing our base of buyers and sellers depends to a significant extent on our ability to expand our sales and marketing operations and activities, and our solution requires a sophisticated sales force with specific sales skills and specialized technical knowledge that takes time to develop. In particular, it may be difficult to find qualified sales personnel in international markets, or sales personnel with experience in emerging segments of the market. Skilled and experienced management is critical to our ability to achieve revenue growth, execute against our strategic vision and maintain our performance through the growth and change we anticipate. 
 Our success depends significantly upon our ability to recruit, train, motivate, and retain key technology, engineering, sales, and management personnel, and competition for employees with experience in our industry can be intense, particularly in New York, California, Denver, London and Sydney, where our operations and the operations of other digital media companies are concentrated and where other technology companies compete for management and engineering talent. Other employers may be able to provide better compensation, more diverse opportunities and better chances for career advancement. None of our officers or other key employees have an employment agreement for a specific term, and any of such individuals may terminate his or her employment with us at any time. 
 In addition, in connection with its recent acquisitions, the Company entered into certain retention compensation packages. As such agreements expire, it may be more difficult to retain such individuals or we may need to enter into new retention arrangements. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 It can be difficult, time-consuming, and expensive to recruit personnel with the combination of skills and attributes required to execute our business strategy, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals in the markets where we do business or plan to do business. New hires require significant training and it may take significant time (often six months or more) before they achieve full productivity. As a result, we may incur significant costs to attract and retain employees, including significant expenditures related to salaries and benefits and compensation expenses related to equity awards before new hires contribute to sales or productivity, and we may lose new employees to our competitors or other companies before we realize the benefit of our investment in recruiting and training. Moreover, new employees may not be or become as productive as we expect, and we may face challenges in adequately or appropriately integrating them into our workforce and culture. At times we have experienced elevated levels of unwanted attrition, and as our organization grows and changes and competition for talent increases, this type of attrition may increase. 
 Our proprietary rights may be difficult to enforce, which could enable others to copy or use aspects of our solution without compensating us, thereby eroding our competitive advantages and harming our business. 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect proprietary methods and technologies that we develop or otherwise acquire, so that we can prevent others from using our inventions and proprietary information. Establishing trade secret, copyright, trademark, domain name, and patent protection is difficult and expensive. We rely on trademark, copyright, trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary methods and technologies. It may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy or reverse engineer aspects of our technology or otherwise obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary, or to develop technologies similar or superior to our technology or design around our proprietary rights, despite the steps we have taken to protect our proprietary rights. From time to time, we may take legal action to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, or defend against claims of infringement. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and the diversion of limited resources, and might not be successful. If we are unable to protect our proprietary rights (including aspects of our technology solution) we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage. 
 We may be subject to intellectual property rights claims by third parties, which are costly to defend, could require us to pay significant damages and could limit our ability to use certain technologies and intellectual property. 
 Third parties may assert claims of infringement or misappropriation of intellectual property rights against us or buyers, sellers, or third parties with which we work; we cannot be certain that we are not infringing any third-party intellectual property rights, and we may have liability or indemnification obligations as a result of such claims. Regardless of whether claims that we are infringing patents or infringing or misappropriating other intellectual property rights have any merit, these claims are time-consuming and costly to evaluate and defend, and can impose a significant burden on management and employees. The outcome of any claim is inherently uncertain, and we may receive unfavorable interim or preliminary rulings in the course of litigation, or we may decide to settle lawsuits and disputes on terms that are unfavorable to us. We may also have no way of remediating intellectual property violations, and failure to do so could cause our business, results of operations or financial condition to be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Risks Related to Financing Arrangements 
 Our financing of the SpotX Acquisition significantly increased our leverage, which may put us at greater risk of defaulting on our debt obligations and limit our ability to conduct necessary operating activities, make strategic investments, respond to changing market conditions, or obtain future financing on favorable terms. 
 We financed the cash portion of the SpotX Acquisition consideration in part through borrowings under a credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement") with Goldman Sachs Bank USA as administrative and collateral agent, and other lending parties thereto for a 360.0 million seven-year senior secured term loan facility ("Term Loan B Facility"), a 65.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility ("Revolving Credit Facility"), and the sale of 400 million of convertible senior notes ("Convertible Senior Notes"). As part of Term Loan B Facility, the Company received 325 million in proceeds, net of discounts and fees, which were used to finance the SpotX Acquisition and related transactions, and for general corporate purposes. The majority of the net proceeds from the offering of Convertible Senior Notes was also used to finance the SpotX Acquisition. 
 The Term Loan B Facility and the Convertible Senior Notes significantly increased our indebtedness and the Term Loan B Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility require us to comply with certain financial metrics and restrictive covenants. The increased leverage could adversely affect our business and operating results by: 
 making it more difficult for us to make payments on our indebtedness and comply with applicable financial metrics and covenants; 
 requiring us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay interest and principal, which reduces the amount available for operations, distributions, acquisitions and capital expenditures; 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 making us more vulnerable to economic and industry downturns and reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions; 
 requiring us to agree to less favorable terms, including higher interest rates, in order to incur additional debt, and otherwise limiting our ability to borrow for operations, working capital or to finance acquisitions in the future; or 
 limiting our flexibility in conducting our business, which may place us at a disadvantage compared to competitors with less debt or debt with less restrictive terms. 
 Our Credit Agreement subjects us to operating restrictions and financial covenants that impose risk of default and may restrict our business and financing activities. 
 The obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company and those of its subsidiaries that are guarantors under the Credit Agreement. The covenants of the Credit Agreement include customary negative covenants that, among other things, restrict the Company s ability to incur additional indebtedness, grant liens and make certain acquisitions, investments, asset dispositions and restricted payments. In addition, the Credit Agreement contains a financial covenant, tested on the last day of any fiscal quarter if utilization of the Revolving Credit Facility exceeds 35 of the total revolving commitments, that requires the Company to maintain a first lien net leverage ratio not greater than 3.25 to 1.00. 
 These covenants may restrict our ability to finance our operations and to pursue our business activities and strategies. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. If a default were to occur and not be waived, such default could cause, among other remedies, all of the outstanding indebtedness under our Credit Agreement to become immediately due and payable. In such an event, our liquid assets might not be sufficient to meet our repayment obligations, and we might be forced to liquidate collateral assets at unfavorable prices or our assets may be foreclosed upon and sold at unfavorable valuations. In addition, our Credit Agreement will mature in the event that any portion of our Convertible Senior Notes remain outstanding 91 days prior to the maturity date of the Convertible Senior Notes. 
 If we do not have or are unable to generate sufficient cash available to repay our debt obligations when they become due and payable, either upon maturity or in the event of a default, we may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on favorable terms, if at all. Our inability to obtain financing may negatively impact our ability to operate and continue our business as a going concern. 
 Conversion of our Convertible Senior Notes will dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders, including holders who had previously converted their Convertible Senior Notes, or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock. 
 In March 2021, we sold Convertible Senior Notes for gross proceeds of 400.0 million. The conversion of some or all of the Convertible Senior Notes will dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders to the extent we deliver shares of common stock upon conversion of any of the Convertible Senior Notes. The Convertible Senior Notes are not currently convertible but may from time to time in the future be convertible at the option of their holders prior to their scheduled terms under certain circumstances. Any sales in the public market of the common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the Convertible Senior Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes could be used to satisfy short positions, or anticipated conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes into shares of our common stock could depress the price of our common stock. 
 The Capped Call Transactions may affect the value of the Convertible Senior Notes and our common stock. 
 In connection with the pricing of the Convertible Senior Notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with various financial institutions (the "Capped Call Transactions"). The Capped Call Transactions are expected generally to reduce or offset the potential dilution upon conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Convertible Senior Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. 
 In connection with establishing their initial hedges of the Capped Call Transactions, financial institutions or their respective affiliates likely purchased shares of our common stock and/or entered into various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock concurrently with or shortly after the pricing of the Convertible Senior Notes. These financial institutions or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the Convertible Senior Notes (and are likely to do so during any observation period related to a conversion of Convertible Senior Notes). This activity could also cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock or the Convertible Senior Notes. 
 The potential effect, if any, of these transactions and activities on the price of our common stock or the Convertible Senior Notes will depend in part on market conditions and cannot be ascertained at this time. Any of these activities could adversely affect the value of our common stock and the value of the Convertible Senior Notes (and as a result, the amount and 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 value of consideration that a holder would receive upon conversion of any Convertible Senior Notes) and, under certain circumstances, a holder s ability to convert his or her Convertible Senior Notes. 
 We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the Capped Call Transactions. 
 The counterparties to the Capped Call Transactions are financial institutions, and we are subject to the risk that one or more of the counterparties may default or otherwise fail to perform, or may exercise certain rights to terminate, their obligations under the Capped Call Transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties is not secured by any collateral. Global economic conditions have in the past resulted in the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of many financial institutions. If any option counterparty becomes subject to proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at the time under any Capped Call Transactions with that option counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, our exposure will increase if the market price or the volatility of our common stock increases. In addition, upon a default or other failure to perform, or a termination of obligations, by a counterparty, the counterparty may fail to deliver the shares of common stock required to be delivered to us under the Capped Call Transactions and we may suffer adverse tax consequences or experience more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of the counterparties. 
 The conditional conversion feature of the Convertible Senior Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 In the event the conditional conversion feature of the Convertible Senior Notes is triggered, holders of the Convertible Senior Notes will be entitled to convert their Convertible Senior Notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their Convertible Senior Notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation in cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. 
 Provisions in the indenture for the Convertible Senior Notes may deter or prevent a business combination that may be favorable to our stockholders. 
 If a fundamental change occurs prior to the maturity date of the Convertible Senior Notes, holders of the Convertible Senior Notes will have the right, at their option, to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their Convertible Senior Notes. In addition, if a "make-whole fundamental change" (as defined in the Indenture) occurs prior the maturity date, we will in some cases be required to increase the conversion rate of the Convertible Senior Notes for a holder that elects to convert its Convertible Senior Notes in connection with such make-whole fundamental change. 
 Furthermore, the Indenture prohibits us from engaging in certain mergers or acquisitions unless, among other things, the surviving entity assumes our obligations under the Convertible Senior Notes. These and other provisions in the Indenture could deter or prevent a third party from acquiring the Company even when the acquisition may be favorable to our stockholders. 
 Sales of our common stock by the former owner of SpotX may have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 As part of the consideration for the SpotX Acquisition, we issued to the seller of SpotX 12,374,315 shares of our common stock. Sales by the former owner of SpotX of its shares of our common stock, or the possibility of such sales may have an adverse effect on the per share price of our common stock. 
 
 Risks Related to Our International Business Strategy. 
 Our international operations require increased expenditures and impose additional risks and compliance imperatives, and failure to successfully execute our international plans will adversely affect our growth and operating results. 
 We have operations outside of North America, in the UK, EU, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, Singapore, India, Sweden, and Brazil, and achievement of our international objectives will require a significant amount of attention from our management, finance, legal, analytics, operations, sales, and engineering teams, as well as significant investment in developing the technology infrastructure necessary to deliver our solution and maintain sales, delivery, support, and administrative capabilities in the countries where we operate. Attracting new buyers and sellers outside the United States may require more time and expense than in the United States, in part due to language barriers and the need to educate such buyers and sellers about our solution, and we may not be successful in establishing and maintaining these relationships. The data center and telecommunications infrastructure in some overseas markets may not be as reliable as in North America and Europe, which could disrupt our operations. In addition, our international operations will require us to develop and administer our internal controls and legal and compliance practices in countries with different cultural norms, languages, currencies, legal requirements, and business practices than the United States. 
 International operations also impose risks and challenges in addition to those faced in the United States, including management of a distributed workforce; the need to adapt our offering to satisfy local requirements and standards (including 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 differing privacy policies and labor laws that are sometimes more stringent); laws and business practices that may favor local competitors; legal requirements or business expectations that agreements be drafted and negotiated in the local language and disputes be resolved in local courts according to local laws; the need to enable transactions in local currencies; longer accounts receivable payment cycles and other collection difficulties; the effect of global and regional recessions and economic and political instability; potentially adverse tax consequences in the United States and abroad; staffing challenges, including difficulty in recruiting and retaining qualified personnel as well as managing such a diversity in personnel; reduced or ineffective protection of our intellectual property rights in some countries; and costs and restrictions affecting the repatriation of funds to the United States. 
 One or more of these requirements and risks may make our international operations more difficult and expensive or less successful than we expect, and may preclude us from operating in some markets. There is no assurance that our international expansion efforts will be successful, and we may not generate sufficient revenue or margins from our international business to cover our expenses or contribute to our growth. 
 Operating in multiple countries requires us to comply with different legal and regulatory requirements. 
 Our international operations subject us to laws and regulations of multiple jurisdictions, as well as U.S. laws governing international operations, which are often evolving and sometimes conflict. For example, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA"), and comparable foreign laws and regulations (including the U.K. Bribery Act) prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political parties by U.S. and other business entities for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Other laws and regulations prohibit bribery of private parties and other forms of corruption. As we expand our international operations, there is some risk of unauthorized payment or offers of payment or other inappropriate conduct by one of our employees, consultants, agents, or other contractors, including by persons engaged or employed by a business we acquire, which could result in violation by us of various laws, including the FCPA. Safeguards we implement to discourage these practices may prove to be ineffective and violations of the FCPA and other laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, or other liabilities or proceedings against us, including class action lawsuits and enforcement actions from the SEC, Department of Justice, and foreign regulators. Other laws applicable to our international business include local employment, tax, privacy, data security, and intellectual property protection laws and regulations, including restrictions on movement of information about individuals beyond national borders. In particular, as explained in more detail elsewhere in this report, the GDPR imposes substantial compliance obligations and increases the risks associated with collection and processing of personal data. In some cases, buyers and sellers operating in non-U.S. markets may impose additional requirements on our non-U.S. business in efforts to comply with their interpretation of their own or our legal obligations. These requirements may differ significantly from the requirements applicable to our business in the United States and may require engineering, infrastructure and other costly resources to accommodate, and may result in decreased operational efficiencies and performance. As these laws continue to evolve and we expand to more jurisdictions or acquire new businesses, compliance will become more complex and expensive, and the risk of non-compliance will increase. 
 Compliance with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases our cost of doing business abroad, and violation of these laws or regulations may interfere with our ability to offer our solution competitively in one or more countries, expose us or our employees to fines and penalties, and result in the limitation or prohibition of our conduct of business. In addition, we have recently received numerous inquiries from foreign regulators asking for information about advertising technology generally and our business specifically. These investigations are costly and time consuming to respond to and divert management attention. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Internal Controls and Finances 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting in the future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations. If our internal control over financial reporting is not effective, it may adversely affect investor confidence in us and the price of our common stock. 
 As a public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal control. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and provide a management report on our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Our platform system applications are complex, multi-faceted and include applications that are highly customized in order to serve and support our clients, advertising inventory and data suppliers, as well as support our financial reporting obligations. We regularly make improvements to our platform to maintain and enhance our competitive position. In the future, we may implement new offerings and engage in business transactions, such as acquisitions, reorganizations or implementation of new information systems. These factors require us to develop and maintain our internal controls, processes and reporting systems, and we expect to incur ongoing costs in this effort. We may not be successful in developing and maintaining effective internal controls, and any failure to develop or maintain effective controls, or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 improvement, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. 
 If we identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, or if we are unable to comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner, then, we may be late with the filing of our periodic reports, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected. Such failures could also subject us to investigations by Nasdaq, the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, and to litigation from stockholders, which could harm our reputation, financial condition or divert financial and management resources from our core business. 
 Our ability to use our net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations, which could result in higher tax liabilities. 
 Our ability to fully utilize our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be limited. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, of approximately 403.7 million, state NOLs of approximately 256.6 million, foreign NOLs of approximately 27.7 million, federal research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately 3.7 million, and state research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately 9.9 million. A lack of future taxable income would adversely affect our ability to utilize these NOLs and credit carryforwards. In addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, and comparable state income tax laws, a corporation that undergoes an "ownership change" is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its NOLs and credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income following the ownership change. As a result, future changes in our stock ownership, including because of issuance of shares of common stock in connection with acquisitions or other direct or indirect changes in our ownership that may be outside of our control, could result in limitations on our ability to fully utilize our NOLs and credit carryforwards. The Company had an ownership change on December 31, 2016 subjecting the federal and state NOLs to annual limitations that have expired. Additionally, the Company had an ownership change in January 2008 resulting in not material limitation of federal and state NOLs under Section 382 of the Code and comparable state income tax laws. Moreover, not material federal and state NOLs and federal research and development tax credits were generated during the pre-acquisition period by corporations that we acquired, and thus those NOLs already are subject to limitation under Section 382 and 383 of the Code and comparable state income tax laws. Also, prior to the merger, Telaria acquired corporations with pre-acquisition NOLs that are subject to limitation under Section 382 of the Code and comparable state income tax laws. 
 In addition, the Company and Telaria both underwent ownership changes for tax purposes (i.e. a more than 50 change in stock ownership in aggregated 5 shareholders) on April 1, 2020 due to the Merger. As a result, the use of the Company s total domestic NOL carryforwards and tax credits generated prior to the ownership change will be subject to annual use limitations under Section 382 and Section 383 of the Code and comparable state income tax laws. The Company believes that the ownership changes will not impact the ability to utilize substantially all of our NOLs and state research and development tax credits to the extent we generate taxable income that can be offset by such losses. The Company reasonably expects its federal research and development tax credits will not be recovered prior to expiration. 
 Also, depending on the timing and level of our taxable income, a portion of our NOLs may expire unutilized, which could prevent us from offsetting future taxable income we may generate by the amount of our NOLs and credit carryforwards generated in tax years beginning before December 31, 2018. U.S. federal NOLs generated for tax years beginning before December 31, 2018 can offset 100 of taxable income, however, these NOLs can only be carried forward for 20 years. U.S. federal NOLs generated for tax years beginning after December 31, 2018 can offset 80 of taxable income, however, these NOLs can be carried forward indefinitely. We maintain a partial valuation allowance related to our NOLs, credit carryforwards, and other net deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty of the ultimate realization of the future benefits of those assets. To the extent we determine that all, or a portion of, our valuation allowance is no longer necessary, we will reverse the valuation allowance and recognize an income tax benefit in the reported financial statement earnings in that period. Once the valuation allowance is eliminated or reduced, its reversal will no longer be available to offset our current financial statement tax provision in future periods. Release of the valuation allowance would result in the recognition of certain net deferred tax assets and a decrease to income tax expense for the period the release is recorded. However, the exact timing and amount of the valuation allowance release are subject to change on the basis of the level of profitability that we are able to actually achieve and the impact of Section 382. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 We may require additional capital to support our business or to refinance our existing debt obligations as they come due, and such capital might not be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Inability to obtain financing could limit our ability to conduct necessary operating activities, make strategic investments or repay or refinance our existing debt obligations. 
 Various business challenges and opportunities may require additional funds, including the need to respond to competitive threats or market evolution by developing new solutions and improving our operating infrastructure through additional hiring or acquisition of complementary businesses or technologies, or both. In addition, we could incur significant expenses or shortfalls in anticipated cash generated as a result of unanticipated events in our business or competitive, regulatory, or other changes in our market, or longer payment cycles required or imposed by our buyers. 
 Our available cash and cash equivalents, any cash we may generate from operations, and our available line of credit under our credit facility may not be adequate to meet our capital needs, and therefore we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it or are unable to renew our credit facility when it matures or enter into a new one or we are unable to refinance our Convertible Senior Notes before they come due, on terms satisfactory to us or at all, our ability to continue to support our business growth and respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 If we do raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing that we secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, including the ability to pay dividends. This may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. In addition, if we issue debt, the holders of that debt would have prior claims on the Company's assets, and in case of insolvency, the claims of creditors would be satisfied before distribution of value to equity holders, which would result in significant reduction or total loss of the value of our equity. 
 The elimination of LIBOR after June 2023 may affect our financial results 
 On March 5, 2021, the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, announced that all LIBOR tenors relevant to us will cease to be published or will no longer be representative after June 30, 2023. This means that any of our LIBOR-based borrowings that extend beyond June 30, 2023 will need to be converted to a replacement rate. In the U.S., the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, or ARRC, a committee of private sector entities with ex-officio official sector members convened by the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, has recommended the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus a recommended spread adjustment as LIBOR's replacement. There are significant differences between LIBOR and SOFR, such as LIBOR being an unsecured lending rate while SOFR is a secured lending rate, and SOFR is an overnight rate while LIBOR reflects term rates at different maturities. If our LIBOR-based borrowings are converted to SOFR, the differences between LIBOR and SOFR, plus the recommended spread adjustment, could result in interest costs that are higher than if LIBOR remained available, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Although SOFR is the ARRC's recommended replacement rate, it is also possible that lenders may instead choose alternative replacement rates that may differ from LIBOR in ways similar to SOFR or in other ways that would result in higher interest costs for us. It is not yet possible to predict the magnitude of LIBOR's end on our borrowing costs given the remaining uncertainty about which rates will replace LIBOR. 
 
 Risks Related to the Securities Markets and Ownership of our Common Stock 
 The price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile and the value of an investment in our common stock could decline. 
 The trading price of our common stock has fluctuated substantially and may continue to do so. These fluctuations could result in significant decreases in the value of an investment in our common stock. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading price of our common stock include the following: 
 announcements of new offerings, products, services or technologies, commercial relationships, acquisitions, or other events by us or our competitors; 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 
 significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of technology companies in general and of companies in the digital advertising industry in particular; 
 fluctuations in the trading volume of our shares or the size of our public float; 
 actual or anticipated changes or fluctuations in our results of operations; 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 actual or anticipated changes in the expectations of investors or securities analysts, and whether our results of operations meet these expectations; 
 issuance of research reports by analysts or investors; 
 litigation involving us, our industry, or both; 
 regulatory developments in the United States, foreign countries, or both; 
 general economic conditions and trends; 
 major catastrophic events; 
 political uncertainty; 
 breaches or system outages; 
 departures of officers or other key employees; or 
 an adverse impact on the company resulting from other causes, including any of the other risks described in this report. 
 In addition, if the market for advertising technology stocks or the stock market, in general, experiences a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business. The trading price of our common stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies in our industry even if these events do not directly affect us. Declines in the price of our common stock, even following increases, may result in securities litigation against us, which would result in substantial costs and divert our management's attention and resources from our business. 
 We cannot guarantee that our repurchase program will enhance shareholder value, and repurchases could affect the price of our common stock and Convertible Senior Notes. 
 In February 2023, our board of directors approved a repurchase program (the "2023 Repurchase Plan"), under which we are authorized to purchase an aggregate of up to 75.0 million of our common stock or Convertible Senior Notes, through February 16, 2025. The 2023 Repurchase Plan replaces our previous plan, which our board of directors approved in December 2021 (the "2021 Repurchase Plan"). The 2023 Repurchase Plan allows us to repurchase our common stock or Convertible Senior Notes using open market stock purchases, privately negotiated transactions, block trades or other means in accordance with U.S. securities laws. The number of securities repurchased and the timing of repurchases will depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, share price, trading volume and general market conditions, along with working capital requirements, general business conditions, other opportunities that we may have for the use or investment of our capital and other factors. The 2023 Repurchase Plan does not obligate us to repurchase any particular amount of common stock or Convertible Senior Notes and may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time at our discretion. We intend to finance the 2023 Repurchase Plan through cash on hand. The repurchase program could affect the price of our common stock and Convertible Senior Notes, increase volatility and diminish our cash reserves. 
 Competition for investors could adversely affect the price of our stock. 
 There are many companies in the advertising technology or "ad tech" space, but we are one of a relatively small portion of those companies that is publicly traded. Some of the other publicly traded ad tech companies are substantially larger than we are and have more diversified offerings, or may be perceived by investors as having greater stability or growth potential. Others may be focused on parts of the business that investors may view as more appealing. Ad tech or related advertising companies that are not yet public may become public, and publicly traded companies may enter the ad tech business through acquisitions. Increase in the number of publicly traded companies available to investors wishing to invest in ad tech may result in a decrease in demand for our shares, either because overall demand for ad tech investment does not increase commensurately with the increase in public companies in the ad tech space, or because we are not perceived as competitively differentiated or offering superior value compared to other such companies. Decrease in demand for our shares would result in suppressed growth, or decrease, in the value of our stock. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish, or cease publishing, research or reports about us, our business or our market, if they publish negative evaluations of our stock, or if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts, the price of our stock and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, our market or our competitors. We do not have any control over these analysts, and their reports or analysts' consensus may not reflect our guidance, plans or expectations. If one or more of the analysts covering our business issues an adverse opinion of our company because we fail to meet their expectations or otherwise, the price of our stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts cease to cover our stock, we could lose visibility in the market for our stock, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Provisions of our charter documents and Delaware law may inhibit a potential acquisition of the company and limit the ability of stockholders to cause changes in company management. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include provisions, as described below, that could delay or prevent a change in control of the company, and make it difficult for stockholders to elect directors who are not nominated by the current members of our board of directors or take other actions to change company management. 
 Our certificate of incorporation gives our board of directors the authority to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series, and to establish the number of shares in each series and to fix the price, designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other rights, if any, and the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions of each series of the preferred stock without any further vote or action by stockholders. The issuance of shares of preferred stock may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition of the company by significantly diluting the ownership of a hostile acquirer, resulting in the loss of voting power and reduced ability to cause a takeover or effect other changes. 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors is classified, with only one of its three classes elected each year, and directors may be removed only for cause and only with the vote of 66 2 / 3 of the voting power of stock outstanding and entitled to vote thereon. Further, the number of directors is determined solely by our board of directors, and because we do not allow for cumulative voting rights, holders of a majority of shares of common stock entitled to vote may elect all of the directors standing for election. These provisions could delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors. 
 Under our bylaws, only the board of directors or a majority of remaining directors, even if less than a quorum, may fill vacancies resulting from an increase in the authorized number of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director. 
 Our certificate of incorporation prohibits stockholder action by written consent, so any action by stockholders may only be taken at an annual or special meeting. 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the board of directors. This could delay any effort by stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors. 
 Under our bylaws, advance notice must be given to nominate directors or submit proposals for consideration at stockholders' meetings. This gives our board of directors time to defend against takeover attempts and could discourage or deter a potential acquirer from soliciting proxies or making proposals related to an unsolicited takeover attempt. 
 The provisions of our certificate of incorporation noted above may be amended only with the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2 / 3 of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the company's voting stock, voting together as a single class. The same two-thirds vote is required to amend the provision of our certificate of incorporation imposing these supermajority voting requirements. Further, our bylaws may be amended only by our board of directors or by the same percentage vote of stockholders noted above as required to amend our certificate of incorporation. These supermajority voting requirements may inhibit the ability of a potential acquirer to effect such amendments to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt. 
 Our board of directors may amend our bylaws by majority vote. This could allow the board to use bylaw amendments to delay or prevent an unsolicited takeover, and limits the ability of an acquirer to amend the bylaws to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt. 
 We are also subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits us from engaging in any business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years from the date the person became an interested stockholder, unless certain conditions are met. These provisions make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to acquire the company without negotiation and may apply even if some of our stockholders consider the proposed transaction beneficial to them. For example, these provisions might discourage a potential acquisition proposal or tender offer, even if the acquisition proposal or tender offer were to be at a premium over the then-current market price for our common stock. These provisions could also limit the price that investors are willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in New York, New York, where we occupy office space totaling approximately 41,946 square feet under a lease that expires in 2030. We use these facilities for our principal administration, sales and marketing, technology and development, and engineering activities. 
 We also have an office in Los Angeles under a lease that expires in 2031 that is approximately 38,754 square feet and lease additional offices and maintain data centers in other locations in North America, South America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. We believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our current needs, and that, if we require additional space, we will be able to obtain additional facilities on commercially reasonable terms. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We and our subsidiaries may from time to time be parties to legal or regulatory proceedings, lawsuits and other claims incident to our business activities and to our status as a public company. Such routine matters may include, among other things, assertions of contract breach or intellectual property infringement, claims for indemnity arising in the course of our business, regulatory investigations or enforcement proceedings, and claims by persons whose employment has been terminated. Such matters are subject to many uncertainties, and outcomes are not predictable with assurance. Consequently, we are unable to ascertain the ultimate aggregate amount of monetary liability, amounts which may be covered by insurance or recoverable from third parties, or the financial impact with respect to such matters as of December 31, 2022. However, based on our knowledge as of December 31, 2022, we believe that the final resolution of such matters pending at the time of this report, individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect upon our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Refer to Note 16 "Commitments and Contingencies" for additional information related to legal proceedings. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our common stock was listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE, from April 1, 2014 through June 8, 2020, under the symbol "RUBI." 
 On June 8, 2020, the Company voluntarily delisted its common stock from the NYSE and commenced listing on The Nasdaq Global Select Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ("Nasdaq"). On June 30, 2020, the Company changed its name from "The Rubicon Project, Inc." to "Magnite, Inc." In connection with the name change, the Company changed its ticker symbol from "RUBI" to "MGNI." 
 Holders of Record 
 As of February 16, 2023, there were approximately 54 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any dividends and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our credit facility contains restrictions on our ability to pay dividends. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 Common stock repurchases during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 were as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts): 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price per Share Total number of shares purchased as part of a Publicly Announced Program Maximum Approximate Dollar Value that May Yet be Purchased Under the Program October 1 - October 31, 2022 Equity withholding (1) 
 11 6.63 Repurchase program (2) 
 28,330 November 1 - November 30, 2022 Equity withholding (1) 
 215 11.45 Repurchase program (2) 
 28,330 December 1 - December 31, 2022 Equity withholding (1) 
 10 10.66 Repurchase program (2) 
 28,330 236 
 (1) Upon vesting of most restricted stock units or stock awards, we are required to deposit minimum statutory employee withholding taxes on behalf of the holders of the vested awards. As reimbursement for these tax deposits, we have the option to withhold from shares otherwise issuable upon vesting a portion of those shares with a fair market value equal to the amount of the deposits we paid. Withholding of shares in this manner is accounted for as a repurchase of common stock. 
 (2) In December 2021, our Board of Directors approved a repurchase program (the "2021 Repurchase Plan") under which the Company was authorized to purchase up to 50.0 million of its common stock during the period from December 10, 2021 to December 10, 2022. On November 4, 2022, the Board of Directors approved an extension of the Program through December 15, 2023. At the time of extension, there was approximately 28.3 million remaining available under the Program. On February 16, 2023, our Board of Directors approved a repurchase plan (the 2023 Repurchase Plan ), pursuant to which the Company is authorized to purchase up to an aggregate of 75.0 million of common stock or Convertible Senior Notes through February 16, 2025. The 2023 Repurchase Plan replaces the 2021 Repurchase Plan. Shares repurchased under the 2021 Repurchase Plan have all 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 been subsequently retired, which was recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital. The average price paid per share purchased under the Program includes broker commission costs. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of ours under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return on an initial investment of 100 in our common stock between December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2022, with the comparative cumulative total returns of the S P 500 Index, Nasdaq, Internet Index, S P Internet Select Industry Index and Russell 2000 Index over the same period. As previously discussed, we have not paid any cash dividends and, therefore, the cumulative total return calculation for us is based solely upon stock price appreciation (depreciation) and not reinvestment of cash dividends, whereas the data for the comparative indexes assumes reinvestments of dividends. The returns shown are based on historical results and are not necessarily indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future stock price performance. 
 
 COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 

Item 6. Reserved 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes to those statements included in Item 8 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, beliefs, and expectations and that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in "Item 1A. Risk Factors" and the "Special Note About Forward-Looking Statements." 

Overview and Trends 
 See "Item 1. Business" for an overview of our business, the industry in which we operate, and important industry trends. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 Telaria Merger, SpotX and SpringServe Acquisitions 
 On April 1, 2020, we completed a stock-for-stock merger with Telaria, Inc. ("Telaria" and such merger the "Telaria Merger"), a leading provider of connected television ("CTV") technology, on April 30, 2021, we completed the acquisition of SpotX, Inc. ("SpotX" and such acquisition the "SpotX Acquisition"), a leading platform shaping CTV and video advertising globally, and on July 1, 2021, we acquired SpringServe, LLC ("SpringServe"), a leading ad serving platform for CTV. 
 Following these transactions, we believe that we are the world's largest independent omni-channel sell-side advertising platform ("SSP"), offering a single partner for transacting globally across all channels, formats and auction types, and the largest independent programmatic CTV marketplace, making it easier for buyers to reach CTV audiences at scale from industry-leading streaming content providers, broadcasters, platforms and device manufacturers. 
 As CTV viewership is growing rapidly and the pace of adoption is accelerating the shift of advertising budgets from linear television to CTV, these transactions have strategically positioned us to take advantage of this trend, and we believe that CTV will be our biggest growth driver in future periods. 
 The SpotX Acquisition resulted in a significant increase in our revenue and Revenue ex-TAC (as defined in section "Key Operating and Financial Performance Metrics"), in particular in CTV and online video. Following the transaction, the percentage of our revenue attributable to CTV increased significantly, and because CTV is largely transacted through reserve auctions, these types of auctions have become a more significant portion of the transactions on our platform. The acquisition also resulted in an increase in related operating expenses, primarily associated with costs for personnel, data center and hosting costs, facilities, payments to sellers for revenue reported on a gross basis, and other ancillary costs to support the business. We have been able to offset some of these increases through cost saving activities and the achievement of acquisition synergies. As part of our integration efforts, we recently introduced our unified CTV platform, Magnite Steaming, which merges leading technology from the legacy Magnite CTV and SpotX CTV platforms. We expect client migration to our unified platform to occur primarily through the first half of 2023 and expect the migration to be completed by the third quarter of 2023, and will continue to support certain aspects of our legacy CTV platforms through this transition, resulting in some temporary duplication of costs. 
 The SpringServe Acquisition expanded our video and CTV offering to include ad server functionality in addition to our programmatic SSP capabilities. The SpringServe ad server manages multiple aspects of video advertising for both programmatic transactions and inventory sold directly by the publisher, including forecasting, routing, customized ad experiences and ad formats, and advanced podding logic. Combined with our SSP, the SpringServe ad server provides publishers a holistic yield management solution that works across their entire video advertising business to drive value. This is of particular importance for CTV publishers, who still sell a large percentage of their inventory through their direct sales team. We believe the acquisition of SpringServe is highly strategic as it allows us to offer publishers an independent full-stack solution to the walled gardens, which can be leveraged across their entire video advertising business. 
 We recently announced a reduction of our global workforce by approximately 6 . The reduction in force was primarily associated with the elimination of duplicative technology roles resulting from the integration of our CTV platforms and represent additional costs synergies related to our acquisition. 
 Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic and Other Macroeconomic Developments 
 Our business depends on the overall demand for advertising and on the economic health of our current and prospective sellers and buyers. Accordingly, our business and operations have been, and could in the future be, adversely affected by events beyond our control, such as health epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical events, including the conflict in 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Ukraine, and economic and macroeconomic factors like labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, inflation and recessionary concerns impacting the markets and communities in which our clients operate. 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and associated economic challenges, a significant number of advertisers, in particular with respect to certain categories of advertising that were particularly impacted by the pandemic and resulting stay-at-home orders, reduced their advertising budgets, resulting in an overall decrease in advertising spend through our platform compared to our pre-COVID expectations. We believe the negative impact on our revenue from the COVID-19 pandemic has largely subsided, although we did experience some negative impacts due to pandemic-related supply chain disruptions during the first half of 2022. More recently, our business has been negatively impacted as a result of macroeconomic challenges, such as inflation, global hostilities, recession, and other macroeconomic factors, which have generally negatively impacted ad budgets, and in turn led to reduced ad spend through our platform. Any worsening of macroeconomic conditions in future periods would likely have a negative effect on our financial results, the magnitude of which is difficult to predict. In addition, continued inflation could result in an increase in our cost base relative to our revenue. Refer to Item 1A. "Risk Factors" for additional information related to risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic and other macroeconomic challenges. 

Components of Our Results of Operations 
 We report our financial results as one operating segment. Our consolidated operating results are regularly reviewed by our chief operating decision maker, principally to make decisions about how we allocate our resources and to measure our consolidated operating performance. 
 Revenue 
 We generate revenue from the use of our platform for the purchase and sale of digital advertising inventory. Generally, our revenue is based on a percentage of the ad spend that runs through our platform, although for certain clients or transaction types we may receive a fixed CPM for each impression sold, and for advertising campaigns that are transacted through insertion orders, we earn revenue based on the full amount of ad spend that runs through our platform. We also generate revenue from our ad server and Demand Manager header-bidding product, where fees are either based on the number of impressions processed or a percentage of ad spend. In addition, we may receive certain fixed monthly fees for the use of our platform or products. We recognize revenue upon the fulfillment of our contractual obligations in connection with a completed transaction, subject to satisfying all other revenue recognition criteria. For the majority of transactions executed through our platform, we act as an agent on behalf of the publisher that is monetizing its inventory, and revenue is recognized net of any advertising inventory costs that we remit to sellers. With respect to certain revenue streams for managed advertising campaigns that are transacted through insertion orders, we report revenue on a gross basis, based primarily on our determination that the Company acts as the primary obligor in the delivery of advertising campaigns for our buyer clients with respect to such transactions. 
 Following the SpotX Acquisition, the percentage of our revenue reported on a gross basis increased significantly compared to pre-acquisition periods. During the first quarter of 2021 (prior to the SpotX Acquisition), our revenue reported on a gross basis was less than 3 of total revenue. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, our revenue reported on a gross basis was 18 of total revenue. Any mix shift that causes an increase in the relative percentage of our revenue accounted for on a gross basis would result in a higher revenue contribution and an associated decrease in our gross margin percentage (with no underlying impact on gross profit or Revenue ex-TAC, as defined in section "Key Operating and Financial Performance Metrics"). Our revenue recognition policies are discussed in more detail in Note 4 of the "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements." 
 Expenses 
 We classify our expenses into the following categories: 
 Cost of Revenue . Our cost of revenue consists primarily of data center costs, bandwidth costs, ad protection costs, depreciation and maintenance expense of hardware supporting our revenue-producing platform, amortization of software costs for the development of our revenue-producing platform, amortization expense associated with acquired developed technologies, personnel costs, facilities-related costs, and cloud computing costs. In addition, for revenue booked on a gross basis, cost of revenue includes traffic acquisition costs. Personnel costs included in cost of revenue include salaries, bonuses, and stock-based compensation, and are primarily attributable to personnel in our network operations group who support our platform. We capitalize costs associated with software that is developed or obtained for internal use and amortize the costs associated with our revenue-producing platform in cost of revenue over their estimated useful lives. We amortize acquired developed technologies over their estimated useful lives. 
 Sales and Marketing . Our sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, including salaries, bonuses, and stock-based compensation, as well as marketing expenses such as brand marketing, travel expenses, trade shows and marketing materials, professional services, and amortization expense associated with client relationships, backlog, and non-compete agreements from our business acquisitions, and to a lesser extent, facilities-related costs and depreciation and amortization. Our 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 sales organization focuses on increasing the adoption of our solution by existing and new buyers and sellers. We amortize acquired intangibles associated with client relationships and backlog from our business acquisitions over their estimated useful lives. 
 Technology and Development . Our technology and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, including salaries, bonuses, and stock-based compensation, as well as outsourced resources associated with the ongoing development and maintenance of our solution, depreciation and amortization, and to a lesser extent, facilities-related costs. These expenses include costs incurred in the development, implementation, and maintenance of internal use software, including platform and related infrastructure. Technology and development costs are expensed as incurred, except to the extent that such costs are associated with internal use software development that qualifies for capitalization, which are then recorded as internal use software development costs, net, on our consolidated balance sheets. We amortize internal use software development costs that relate to our revenue-producing activities on our platform to cost of revenue and amortize other internal use software development costs to technology and development costs or general and administrative expenses, depending on the nature of the related project. We amortize acquired intangibles associated with technology and development functions from our business acquisitions over their estimated useful lives. 
 General and Administrative . Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, including salaries, bonuses, and stock-based compensation, associated with our executive, finance, legal, human resources, compliance, and other administrative personnel, as well as accounting and legal professional services fees, facilities-related costs and depreciation and amortization, and other corporate-related expenses. General and administrative expenses also include amortization of internal use software development costs and acquired intangible assets from our business acquisitions over their estimated useful lives that relate to general and administrative functions. 
 Merger, Acquisition, and Restructuring Costs. Our merger, acquisition, and restructuring costs consist primarily of professional service fees associated with the merger and acquisition activities, cash-based employee termination costs, related stock-based compensation charges, and other restructuring activities, including facility closures, relocation costs, contract termination costs, and impairment costs of abandoned technology associated with restructuring activities. 
 Other (Income) Expense 
 Interest (Income) Expense, Net. Interest expense consists of interest expense associated with our Term Loan B Facility (defined below) and Convertible Senior Notes (defined below), and their related amortization of debt issuance costs and debt discount. Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash equivalents. 
 Other Income. Other income consists primarily of rental income from commercial office space we hold under lease and have sublet to other tenants. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange (Gain) Loss, Net . Foreign currency exchange (gain) loss, net consists primarily of gains and losses on foreign currency transactions and remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities on our balance sheet denominated in foreign currencies. Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and various intercompany balances held between our subsidiaries. Our primary foreign currency exposures are currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, principally the Australian Dollar, British Pound, Canadian Dollar, Euro, and Japanese Yen. 
 Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. (federal and state) and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Tax laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change, with or without notice, due to economic, political, and other conditions, and significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision and accruals for these taxes. There are many transactions that occur during the ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our effective tax rates could be affected by numerous factors, such as changes in our business operations, acquisitions, investments, entry into new businesses and geographies, intercompany transactions, the relative amount of our foreign earnings, including earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory rates, losses incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize related tax benefits, the applicability of special tax regimes, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in our stock price, changes in our deferred tax assets ("DTAs") and liabilities and their valuation, changes in the laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations related to tax, including changes to the global tax framework, competition, and other laws and accounting rules in various jurisdictions. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth our consolidated results of operations: 
 Year Ended Favorable/(Unfavorable) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 2022 vs 2021 
 2021 vs 2020 
 (in thousands) Revenue 577,069 468,413 221,628 23 111 Expenses (1)(2) : 
 Cost of revenue 307,165 201,662 77,747 (52) (159) Sales and marketing 200,081 170,406 76,030 (17) (124) Technology and development 93,757 74,449 51,546 (26) (44) General and administrative 81,382 64,789 52,987 (26) (22) Merger, acquisition, and restructuring costs 7,468 38,177 17,552 80 (118) Total expenses 689,853 549,483 275,862 (26) (99) Loss from operations (112,784) (81,070) (54,234) (39) (49) Other (income) expense, net 22,813 13,918 (1,495) (64) NM Loss before income taxes (135,597) (94,988) (52,739) (43) (80) Provision (benefit) for income taxes (5,274) (95,053) 693 (94) NM Net income (loss) (130,323) 65 (53,432) NM 100 
 
 NM means Not Meaningful 
 (1) Stock-based compensation expense included in our expenses was as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 (in thousands) Cost of revenue 
 1,666 792 525 Sales and marketing 21,558 15,718 8,229 Technology and development 
 19,961 11,857 7,451 General and administrative 
 18,929 11,297 10,416 Merger, acquisition, and restructuring costs 
 2,004 1,071 1,870 Total stock-based compensation expense 
 64,118 40,735 28,491 
 (2) Depreciation and amortization expense included in our expenses was as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 (in thousands) Cost of revenue 
 142,616 78,115 34,879 Sales and marketing 71,887 67,463 13,313 Technology and development 
 913 674 454 General and administrative 
 636 634 602 Total depreciation and amortization expense 
 216,052 146,886 49,248 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth our consolidated results of operations for the specified periods as a percentage of our revenue for those periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Revenue 100 100 100 Cost of revenue 
 53 43 35 Sales and marketing 
 35 36 34 Technology and development 
 16 16 23 General and administrative 
 14 14 24 Merger, acquisition, and restructuring costs 
 1 8 8 Total expenses 120 117 124 Loss from operations (20) (17) (24) Other (income) expense, net 4 3 Loss before income taxes (23) (20) (24) Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 (1) (20) Net income (loss) (23) (24) Note: Percentages may not sum due to rounding 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Revenue 
 Revenue increased 108.7 million, or 23 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. Our revenue growth was driven primarily by growth in CTV and mobile as well as incremental revenue from full-year results from the SpotX Acquisition, which was completed on April 30, 2021, and the SpringServe Acquisition, which was completed on July 1, 2021. Revenue from CTV and mobile increased by 83.3 million, or 45 , and 27.8 million, or 17 , respectively. On a pro forma basis, including results from SpotX and SpringServe during the relevant pre-acquisition period, revenue increased 7 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior period. 
 Revenue increased 246.8 million, or 111 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the prior year. Our revenue growth was driven primarily by organic growth as well as incremental revenue from the SpotX Acquisition, which was completed on April 30, 2021, and the inclusion of a full year of results for Telaria, which was acquired on April 1, 2020. On a pro forma basis, including revenue for Telaria, SpotX and SpringServe during the relevant pre-acquisition period, revenue increased 30 for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the prior period, primarily due to growth in all channels, mainly driven by CTV and mobile, and a rebound from impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, which were particularly pronounced in the first half of 2020. 
 We expect our revenue will increase in 2023 compared to 2022. Our revenue is largely a function of the number of advertising transactions and the price, or CPM, at which the inventory is sold, which results in total advertising spend on our platform, and, with respect to our revenue reported on a net basis, the take rate we charge for our services. Because pricing and take rate vary across publisher, channel and transaction type, our revenue is impacted by shifts in the mix of advertising spend on our platform. We believe that contributions to revenue from reserve auctions, in particular with respect to CTV which is largely transacted on a reserved basis, will continue to grow as a percentage of our total revenue. In general, we expect this shift will have a positive impact on our revenue due to both an increase in the volume of transactions and average CPM, despite the fact that reserve auctions generally carry a lower take rate compared to open auction transactions. 
 Our business is dependent in part on the overall health of the advertising market. Our revenue growth has been tempered, and may be negatively impacted in the future, by reductions in revenue resulting from the impact of macroeconomic challenges, such as the occurrence of a pandemic or health crisis, geopolitical events (including the conflict in Ukraine), and other macroeconomic factors like labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, recessionary concerns, and inflation impacting the markets and communities in which we operate. If economic conditions were to deteriorate further, we would likely experience a negative impact on our future revenue trends, and the magnitude of this impact is difficult to predict depending on the scope and duration of any recession. Refer to Item 1A. "Risk Factors" for additional information related to these risks and the impact they may have on our business. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue increased 105.5 million , or 52 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to an increase of 64.5 million in depreciation and amortization. This increase was driven by incremental amortization 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 due to the acceleration of the remaining lives of certain acquired intangible assets and capitalized software from the integration of our legacy Magnite CTV and SpotX CTV platforms into Magnite Streaming, as well as from a full year of amortization expense from the SpotX Acquisition. The incremental amortization due to the acceleration was 35.4 million. Costs of revenue also included increases of 26.9 million in data and bandwidth expenses and 10.5 million in traffic acquisition costs, both primarily due to revenue growth. 
 Cost of revenue increased 123.9 million, or 159 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the prior year primarily due to an increase in traffic acquisition cost of 49.9 million driven by the increase in revenue reported on a gross basis as a result of the SpotX Acquisition, an increase in depreciation and amortization expenses of 43.2 million also associated with the SpotX Acquisition, and an increase in data and bandwidth expenses of 21.4 million. 
 We expect cost of revenue to increase in 2023 compared to 2022 in absolute dollars primarily due to the accelerated amortization expense as discussed above, which is expected to result in approximately 114.3 million of net incremental non-cash expense through the third quarter of 2023 as compared to the original timing of its amortization. We also expect increases in our hosting costs, cloud costs, and other data center expenses to support the growth of our business. 
 Cost of revenue may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and period to period, on an absolute dollar basis and as a percentage of revenue, depending on revenue levels and the volume of transactions we process supporting those revenues, and the timing and amounts of depreciation and amortization of equipment and software. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased 29.7 million, or 17 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to the impact of the SpotX Acquisition, which resulted in substantial increases in headcount in mid-2021, as well as expenses related to the amortization of acquired intangibles. Compared to the prior year, sales and marketing included an increase of 17.5 million of personnel related expenses and 4.2 million in amortization of acquired intangibles relating to the SpotX Acquisition. In addition, the increase in sales and marketing expenses included 3.3 million related to travel and industry events due to the lifting of travel restrictions during the year. 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased 94.4 million, or 124 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the prior year primarily due to an increase of 54.1 million in amortization of acquired intangibles and other assets as a result of the SpotX Acquisition and the Telaria Merger, as well as increases in headcount from the SpotX Acquisition and full year results from the Telaria Merger, resulting in an additional 36.8 million of personnel related expenses. 
 We expect sales and marketing expenses to decrease in 2023 compared to 2022 in absolute dollars primarily due to decreases in amortization of acquired intangible assets. We expect these decreases to be partially offset by increases in personnel related expenses primarily driven by annual merit increases to current staff, higher marketing from the introduction of our new Magnite Streaming Platform, and increases in event, travel and entertainment expenses. 
 Sales and marketing expenses may fluctuate quarter to quarter and period to period, on an absolute dollar basis and as a percentage of revenue, based on revenue levels, the timing of our investments and seasonality in our industry and business. 
 Technology and Development 
 Technology and development expenses increased 19.3 million, or 26 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, primarily due to an increase of 15.8 million in personnel costs as a result of the increased headcount associated with the SpotX Acquisition. 
 Technology and development expenses increased 22.9 million, or 44 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the prior year, primarily due to an increase of 21.2 million in personnel costs as a result of the increased headcount associated with the SpotX Acquisition and a full-year of results from the Telaria Merger. 
 We expect technology and development expenses to increase slightly in 2023 compared to 2022 in absolute dollars, primarily due to increased investment in software, outsourced resources, and travel and entertainment expenses. We expect these increases to be partially offset by decreased personnel related expenses due to the recent reduction in force associated with the elimination of duplicative technology and development roles resulting from the integration of our CTV platforms. 
 The timing and amount of our capitalized development and enhancement projects may affect the amount of development costs expensed in any given period. As a percentage of revenue, technology and development expense may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and period to period based on revenue levels, the timing and amounts of technology and development efforts, the timing and the rate of the amortization of capitalized projects and the timing and amounts of future capitalized internal use software development costs. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses increased 16.6 million, or 26 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, primarily due to increases of 10.2 million in personnel expenses mainly due to increases in stock-based compensation year-over-year, 2.0 million in facilities related expenses due to a return to office work environment, 1.8 million in 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 business insurance and taxes, and 1.1 million related to travel and industry events due to the lifting of travel restrictions during the year. 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 11.8 million, or 22 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the prior year, primarily due to increases of 6.3 million in personnel expenses, 1.5 million in professional services, and 1.1 million in software license mainly attributed to the growth of the overall business as a result of the SpotX Acquisition. 
 We expect general and administrative expenses to increase in 2023 compared to 2022 in absolute dollars primarily due to increases in personnel related expenses along with additional costs for a full-year return to office work environment. 
 General and administrative expenses may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and period to period based on the timing and amounts of expenditures in our general and administrative functions as they vary in scope and scale over periods. Such fluctuations may not be directly proportional to changes in revenue. 
 Merger, Acquisition, and Restructuring Costs 
 We incurred merger, acquisition, and restructuring costs of 7.5 million, 38.2 million, and 17.6 million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, primarily related to the SpotX and SpringServe Acquisitions, which were completed on April 30, 2021 and July 1, 2021, respectively, and the Telaria Merger, which was completed on April 1, 2020. In 2022, these costs were primarily due to restructuring activities related to the integration of our recent acquisitions, which included 3.3 million of impairment costs associated with abandoned technology, 2.0 million non-cash stock-based compensation expense associated with the acceleration of unvested equity awards, and 1.2 million of one-time cash-based employee termination costs. 
 In 2021, these costs included professional fees related to investment banking advisory, legal, and other professional service fees of 28.4 million, one-time cash-based employee termination benefit costs of 6.2 million, facility closure costs of 2.5 million, and non-cash stock-based compensation expense associated with double-trigger accelerations and severance benefits of 1.1 million. 
 Costs incurred in 2020 included professional services of 9.9 million, one-time cash-based employee termination benefit costs of 5.7 million, and non-cash stock-based compensation expense and severance benefits of 1.9 million. 
 Other (Income) Expense, Net 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 (in thousands) Interest (income) expense, net 29,260 19,848 (50) Other income (5,318) (4,450) (3,665) Foreign exchange (gain) loss, net (1,129) (1,480) 2,220 Total other (income) expense, net 22,813 13,918 (1,495) 
 Interest expense, net increased by 9.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, mainly due to a full year of interest expense associated with the Term Loan B Facility (defined below), which the Company entered into during April 2021, as well as increasing interest rates since our Term Loan B Facility carries a variable rate. The increase in interest expense was partially offset by increases in interest income of 2.9 million. 
 Interest expense, net increased by 19.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the prior year, for the same reasons above. Interest (income) expense, net was immaterial in the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Our interest expense is expected to fluctuate as it is directly impacted by changes in market interest rates. While changes to interest income from our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments do provide a mitigant to changes to interest expense from our Term Loans, they do not fully offset all of the impact from potential changes in underlying variable rates on our Term Loans. 
 Other income is primarily attributed to sublease income. 
 Foreign exchange (gain) loss, net is impacted by movements in exchange rates and the amount of foreign currency-denominated cash, receivables, and payables, which are impacted by our billings to buyers, payments to sellers, and intercompany balances. The foreign exchange gain, net during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to the currency movements between the British Pound, Australian Dollar, Canadian Dollar, and Euro relative to the U.S. Dollar. The foreign currency gain, net during the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to the currency movements between the British Pound, Australian Dollar, Canadian Dollar, and Euro relative to the U.S. Dollar. The foreign exchange loss, net during the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily attributable to the currency movements between the same foreign currencies mentioned above relative to the U.S. Dollar 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes 
 We recorded an income tax benefit of 5.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to an income tax benefit of 95.1 million and income tax expense of 0.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily the result of recognizing the benefit of deferred tax assets previously subject to the domestic valuation allowance and the foreign income tax liability. The net deferred tax liabilities recorded in connection with the prior years acquisitions and our current year taxable income provided sources of taxable income to support the realizability of pre-existing deferred tax assets. We continue to maintain a partial valuation allowance for our domestic deferred tax assets. 
 The tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily the result of the deferred tax liability associated with acquisitions that occurred during the year and the tax liability associated with foreign subsidiaries. The tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily the result of the domestic valuation allowance and the tax liability associated with foreign subsidiaries. 
 
 Key Operating and Financial Performance Metrics 
 In addition to our GAAP results, we review non-GAAP financial measures, including Revenue ex-TAC and Adjusted EBITDA, to help us evaluate our business on a consistent basis, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, establish budgets, measure the effectiveness of investments in our technology and development and sales and marketing, and assess our operational efficiencies. Our non-GAAP financial measures are discussed below. Revenue and net income (loss) are discussed above under the headings "Components of Our Results of Operations" and "Results of Operations." 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 (in thousands) Financial Measures and non-GAAP Financial Measures: Revenue 577,069 468,413 221,628 Revenue ex-TAC 514,615 416,455 219,602 Gross profit 269,904 266,751 143,881 Net income (loss) (130,323) 65 (53,432) Adjusted EBITDA 178,790 148,659 43,065 
 Revenue ex-TAC 
 Revenue ex-TAC is revenue excluding traffic acquisition cost ("TAC"). Traffic acquisition cost, a component of cost of revenue, represents what we must pay sellers for the sale of advertising inventory through our platform for revenue reported on a gross basis. In calculating Revenue ex-TAC, we add back the cost of revenue, excluding TAC, to gross profit, the most comparable GAAP measurement. Revenue ex-TAC is a non-GAAP financial measure. Our management believes Revenue ex-TAC is a useful measure in assessing the performance of Magnite as a combined company following the SpotX Acquisition and facilitates a consistent comparison against our core business without considering the impact of traffic acquisition costs related to revenue reported on a gross basis. 
 Our use of Revenue ex-TAC has limitations as an analytical tool and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results as reported under GAAP. A potential limitation of this non-GAAP financial measure is that other companies, including companies in our industry which have similar business arrangements, may define Revenue ex-TAC differently, which may make comparisons difficult. Because of these and other limitations, you should consider our non-GAAP measures only as supplemental to GAAP-based financial performance measures, including revenue, net income (loss) and cash flows. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents the calculation of gross profit and reconciliation of gross profit to Revenue ex-TAC for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 (in thousands) Revenue 577,069 468,413 221,628 Less: Cost of revenue 307,165 201,662 77,747 Gross profit 269,904 266,751 143,881 Add back: Cost of revenue, excluding TAC 244,711 149,704 75,721 Revenue ex-TAC 514,615 416,455 219,602 
 Sellers use our technology to monetize their content across all digital channels, including CTV, mobile and desktop, and each of these channels will continue to represent a meaningful portion of our revenue in future periods. Each of these digital channels has its own industry growth rate, with CTV and mobile projected to continue to grow steadily, while desktop growth flattens. MAGNA's October 2022 Programmatic Market forecast has estimated compound annual growth rates from 2022 to 2026 for mobile and desktop at 18 and 3 , respectively, and over the same period, eMarketer projected CTV to grow at a 20 compound annual growth rate. 
 We track the breakdown of Revenue ex-TAC across channels to better understand how our clients are transacting on our platform, which informs decisions as to business strategy and the allocation of resources and capital. 
 The following table presents Revenue ex-TAC by channel: 
 Revenue ex-TAC Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 (in thousands) Channel: CTV 214,803 143,407 34,319 Mobile 188,116 160,067 108,353 Desktop 111,696 112,981 76,930 Total 514,615 416,455 219,602 
 Revenue ex-TAC increased 98.2 million, or 24 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in Revenue ex-TAC was primarily due to incremental revenue from the SpotX Acquisition, which was completed on April 30, 2021, and the SpringServe Acquisition, which was completed on July 1, 2021, as well as organic growth across CTV and mobile. We saw substantial growth in our CTV channel, which benefited from a full year of results from the SpotX and Spring Serve Acquisitions, as well as modest growth in mobile, which was partially offset by a decline in our Revenue ex-TAC from desktop. 
 Revenue ex-TAC increased 196.9 million, or 90 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in Revenue ex-TAC was primarily due to contributions from the SpotX and SpringServe Acquisitions and a full year of results from the Telaria Merger, which were completed on April 30, 2021, July 1, 2021, and April 1, 2020, respectively, as well as organic growth across all channels as the business recovered from COVID-19 advertising lows in 2020. 
 We expect Revenue ex-TAC to increase in 2023 compared to 2022. We believe that CTV will be our biggest growth driver in future periods and continue to represent a higher percentage of our overall Revenue ex-TAC, with mobile as our second biggest driver. Our mobile business consists of two components, mobile web and mobile applications. Initially our mobile business consisted primarily of mobile web, which is similar to our desktop business, but our mobile application business has been the growth driver behind our mobile business. We therefore expect our growth within mobile to come largely from our mobile applications business and, in particular, mobile in-app video. 
 Lower industry growth rates in desktop will make growing desktop Revenue ex-TAC more challenging; however, in future periods we believe we will be able to grow our desktop business in excess of industry projections by capturing market share through SPO and expansion of publisher relationships. We expect our desktop business to decline as an overall percentage of our revenue in future periods. However, we expect that it will continue to represent a significant part of our Revenue ex-TAC in the near term. Therefore, we believe the mix of our desktop business will continue to dampen our overall growth rate. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) adjusted to exclude stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization, amortization of acquired intangible assets, impairment charges, interest income or expense, and other cash and non-cash based income or expenses that we do not consider indicative of our core operating performance, including, but not limited to foreign exchange gains and losses, acquisition and related items, non-operational real estate and other expense (income), net, and provision (benefit) for income taxes. We believe Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors in evaluating our performance for the following reasons: 
 Adjusted EBITDA is widely used by investors and securities analysts to measure a company s performance without regard to items such as those we exclude in calculating this measure, which can vary substantially from company to company depending upon their financing, capital structures, and the method by which assets were acquired. 
 Our management uses Adjusted EBITDA in conjunction with GAAP financial measures for planning purposes, including the preparation of our annual operating budget, as a measure of performance and the effectiveness of our business strategies, and in communications with our board of directors concerning our performance. Adjusted EBITDA may also be used as a metric for determining payment of cash incentive compensation. 
 Adjusted EBITDA provides a measure of consistency and comparability with our past performance that many investors find useful, facilitates period-to-period comparisons of operations, and also facilitates comparisons with other peer companies, many of which use similar non-GAAP financial measures to supplement their GAAP results. 
 Although Adjusted EBITDA is frequently used by investors and securities analysts in their evaluations of companies, Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results of operations as reported under GAAP. These limitations include: 
 Stock-based compensation is a non-cash charge and will remain an element of our long-term incentive compensation package, although we exclude it as an expense when evaluating our ongoing operating performance for a particular period. 
 Depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, and the assets being depreciated or amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, but Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for these replacements. 
 Impairment charges are non-cash charges related to goodwill, intangible assets and/or long-lived assets. 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect non-cash charges related to acquisition and related items, such as amortization of acquired intangible assets, merger, acquisition, or restructuring related severance costs, and changes in the fair value of contingent consideration. 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash and non-cash charges and changes in, or cash requirements for, acquisition and related items, such as certain transaction expenses and expenses associated with earn-out amounts. 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in our working capital needs, capital expenditures, non-operational real estate expenses or income, or contractual commitments. 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash requirements for income taxes and the cash impact of other income or expense. 
 Other companies may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
 Our Adjusted EBITDA is influenced by fluctuations in our revenue, cost of revenue, and the timing and amounts of the cost of our operations. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss), income (loss) from operations, or any other measure of financial performance calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (loss), the most comparable GAAP measure, to Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 (in thousands) Net income (loss) (130,323) 65 (53,432) Add back (deduct): Depreciation and amortization expense, excluding amortization of acquired intangible assets 31,658 25,017 24,337 Amortization of acquired intangibles 184,394 121,869 24,911 Stock-based compensation expense 64,118 40,735 28,491 Merger, acquisition, and restructuring costs, excluding stock-based compensation expense 5,464 37,106 15,682 Non-operational real estate and other expense, net 622 552 213 Interest (income) expense, net 29,260 19,848 (50) Foreign exchange (gain) loss, net (1,129) (1,480) 2,220 Provision (benefit) for income taxes (5,274) (95,053) 693 Adjusted EBITDA 178,790 148,659 43,065 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased by 30.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to incremental revenue growth from the SpotX Acquisition and organic growth. 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased by 105.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to increases in revenue from both organic growth and the SpotX and SpringServe Acquisitions, which are discussed in section "Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020" and improved operating leverage from our increased scale and related cost synergies. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity 
 At December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 326.3 million, of which 34.0 million was held in foreign currency denominated cash accounts, and an aggregate gross principal amount of 754.6 million of indebtedness outstanding under our Term Loan B Facility (as defined below) and our Convertible Senior Notes (as defined below). In addition, we are party to a 65.0 million Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below), of which approximately 5.3 million is assigned to outstanding but undrawn letters of credit. See "Capital Resources" below for further information about our outstanding debt. 
 Our principal cash requirements for the twelve-month period following this report primarily consist of personnel costs, contractual payment obligations, including office leases, data center costs and cloud hosting costs, capital expenditures, payment of interest and required principal payments on our Convertible Senior Notes and Term Loan B Facility, taxes paid related to net share settlement associated with vesting of stock-based compensation awards, cash outlays for income taxes, and cash requirements to fund working capital. In the longer term, we would expect to have similar cash requirements, with increases in absolute dollars associated with the continued growth of our business and expansion of operations. See "Contractual Obligations and Known Future Cash Requirements" for a further discussion of our known material contractual obligations. 
 Our working capital needs and cash conversion cycle, which is influenced by seasonality and may be negatively impacted as a result of pandemics, inflationary, recessionary and other macroeconomic challenges, can have large fluctuations due to the timing of receipts from buyers and timing of disbursements to sellers. In addition, in the event a buyer defaults on payment, we may still be required to pay sellers for the inventory purchased. Our capital expenditure investments tend to be higher in the second half of the year. The impacts from changes in working capital and capital expenditures can significantly impact our cash flows and therefore, our liquidity during any period presented. 
 We have historically relied upon cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, borrowings under credit facilities and issuance of debt for our liquidity needs. Our ability to meet our cash requirements depends on, among other things, our operating performance, competitive developments, and financial market conditions, all of which are significantly affected by business, financial, economic, political, global health-related and other factors, many of which we may not be able to control or influence. 
 We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operating activities, and amounts available to borrow under our Revolving Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements for at least the next twelve 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 months from the issuance of our financial statements. However, there are multiple factors that could impact our cash balances in the future, including the factors described above with respect to working capital and cash conversion cycles, as well as the duration and severity of events beyond our control, such as health epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical events, including the evolving conflict in Ukraine, and economic and macroeconomic factors like labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, and inflation impacting the markets and communities in which our clients operate and the factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A: "Risk Factors" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Capital Resources 
 In March 2021, we sold convertible senior notes ("Convertible Senior Notes") for gross proceeds of 400.0 million. The Convertible Senior Notes are senior, unsecured obligations with interest payable semi-annually in cash at a rate of 0.25 per annum in arrears on March 15 and September 15. The Convertible Senior Notes will mature on March 15, 2026, unless earlier converted, redeemed, or repurchased. The initial conversion rate is 15.6539 shares per 1,000 principal amount of notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately 63.88 per share of the Company s common stock and is subject to adjustment as described in the Offering Memorandum. At December 31, 2022, the balance of the Convertible Senior Notes was 392.6 million, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of 7.4 million. Accrued interest for the Convertible Senior Notes at December 31, 2022 was 0.3 million. 
 In conjunction with the issuance of the Convertible Senior Notes, we entered into capped call transactions to reduce the Company's exposure to additional cash payments above principal balances in the event of a cash conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes. The Company may owe additional cash or shares to the holders of the Convertible Senior Notes upon early conversion if our stock price exceeds 91.260 per share, which is subject to certain adjustments. Although the Company s incremental exposure to the additional cash payment above the principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes is reduced by the capped calls, conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes by the holders may cause dilution to the ownership interests of existing stockholders. See Note 17 in the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for more information regarding terms and conditions of the Convertible Senior Notes and the capped call transactions. 
 On April 30, 2021, and in conjunction with the SpotX Acquisition, we entered into a credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement") with Goldman Sachs Bank USA as administrative and collateral agent, and other lending parties thereto for a 360.0 million seven-year senior secured term loan facility ("Term Loan B Facility") and a 52.5 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Credit Facility"), which was subsequently increased to 65.0 million in June 2021. Amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement accrue interest at a rate equal to either, (1) for the Term Loan B Facility, at the Company s election, the Eurodollar Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus a margin of 5.00 per annum, or ABR (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus a margin of 4.00 , and (2) for the Revolving Credit Facility, at the Company s election, the Eurodollar Rate plus a margin of 4.25 to 4.75 , or ABR plus a margin of 3.25 to 3.75 , in each case, depending on the Company s first lien net leverage ratio. As part of the Term Loan B Facility, the Company received 325 million in proceeds, net of discounts and fees, which were used to finance the SpotX Acquisition and related transactions and for general corporate purposes. At December 31, 2022, amounts available under the Revolving Credit Facility were 59.7 million, net of letters of credit outstanding in the amount of 5.3 million. Accrued interest for the Term Loan B Facility at December 31, 2022 was 0.8 million. 
 In December 2021, the Board of Directors approved a repurchase program (the "2021 Repurchase Plan"), under which the Company was authorized to purchase up to 50.0 million of its common stock from December 10, 2021 through December 10, 2022. In November 2022, the Board of Directors approved an extension of the repurchase program through December 15, 2023. Approximately 28.3 million remained available for purchase under this repurchase program as of December 31, 2022. In February 2023, our Board of Directors approved a repurchase plan (the 2023 Repurchase Plan ), pursuant to which the Company is authorized to purchase up to an aggregate of 75.0 million of common stock or Convertible Senior Notes through February 16, 2025. The 2023 Repurchase Plan replaces the 2021 Repurchase Plan. The repurchase program allows the Company to repurchase its common stock or Convertible Senior Notes using open market stock purchases, privately negotiated transactions, block trades or other means in accordance with U.S. securities laws. 
 In the future, we may attempt to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities or through equity-linked or debt financing arrangements. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity or equity-linked securities, the ownership of our existing stockholders will be diluted. If we raise additional financing by incurring indebtedness, we will be subject to increased fixed payment obligations and could also be subject to restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. Any future indebtedness we incur may result in terms that could be unfavorable to equity investors. 
 An inability to raise additional capital could adversely affect our ability to achieve our business objectives. In addition, if our operating performance during the next twelve months is below our expectations, our liquidity and ability to operate our business could be adversely affected. 
 Our cash and cash equivalents balance is affected by our results of operations, the timing of capital expenditures which are typically greater in the second half of the year, and by changes in our working capital, particularly changes in accounts receivable and accounts payable. The timing of cash receipts from buyers and payments to sellers can significantly impact our cash flows from 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 operating activities and our liquidity for, and within, any period presented. Our collection and payment cycle can vary from period to period depending upon various circumstances, including seasonality, and may be negatively impacted as a result of COVID-19. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 (in thousands) Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities 192,550 126,589 (12,065) Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities (65,152) (690,997) 32,636 Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities (30,172) 678,053 7,354 Effects of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (1,417) (683) 918 Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 95,809 112,962 28,843 
 Operating Activities 
 Our cash flows from operating activities are primarily driven by revenue from transactions of advertising on our platform, offset by the cash costs of operations, and are significantly influenced by the timing of and fluctuations in receipts from buyers and related payments to sellers. Our future cash flows will be diminished if we cannot increase our revenue levels and manage costs appropriately. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by operating activities was 192.6 million, compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 126.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 and net cash used in operating activities of 12.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. Our operating activities included net loss of 130.3 million, net income of 0.1 million, and net loss of 53.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and 2020, respectively, which were offset by non-cash adjustments of 282.4 million, 94.6 million, and 76.4 million, respectively. Net changes in our working capital resulted in increases of 40.4 million and 31.9 million in cash provided by operating activities in 2022 and 2021, respectively, and resulted in decreases of 35.1 million in cash provided by operating activities in 2020. The net changes in working capital for all periods presented are primarily due to the timing of cash receipts from buyers and the timing of payments to sellers. 
 We believe that cash flows from operations will continue to fluctuate, but in general will increase over time as our business continues to grow. 
 Investing Activities 
 Our primary investing activities have consisted of acquisitions of businesses, purchases of property and equipment, capital expenditures in support of creating and enhancing our technology infrastructure, and investments in, and maturities of, available-for-sale securities. Purchases of property and equipment and investments in internal use software development may vary from period-to-period due to the timing of the expansion of our operations, changes to headcount, and the cycles of our internal use software development. We anticipate investment in internal use software development and purchases of property and equipment to decrease in 2023 compared to 2022. Historically, a majority of our purchases in property and equipment have occurred in the latter half of the year in preparation for the peak volumes of the fourth quarter and early in the first quarter of the following year, however, in 2023 we expect these investments to occur more evenly throughout the year. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used by investing activities was 65.2 million, compared to net cash used by investing activities of 691.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 and net cash provided by investing activities of 32.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we used cash for purchases of property and equipment of 30.8 million, 17.7 million, and 14.3 million, respectively, and used cash for investments in our internally developed software of 13.6 million, 11.4 million, and 7.7 million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we used net cash of 20.8 million to acquire Carbon. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we used net cash of 661.9 million to acquire SpotX, SpringServe, and Nth Party. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we acquired 54.6 million cash in the Telaria Merger. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Financing Activities 
 Our financing activities consisted of our Convertible Senior Notes transactions, repayment of amounts borrowed under our Term Loan B Facility, transactions related to our equity plans, and stock purchases under the share repurchase plan. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities was 30.2 million, compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 678.1 million and 7.4 million during the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. Cash outflows from financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily included 15.7 million for payments related to share repurchases, 14.5 million for taxes paid related to net share settlement of stock-based awards, and 3.6 million for repayment of our Term Loan B. These outflows for the year ended December 31, 2022 were partially offset by cash proceeds from issuance of common stock under our employee stock purchase plan of 3.7 million and from stock options exercised of 2.2 million. Cash inflows from financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 included 400.0 million in proceeds from our Convertible Senior Notes offering, 349.2 million in net proceeds from our Term Loan B Facility, cash proceeds from stock options exercised of 9.4 million and 3.7 million cash proceeds from issuance of common stock under our employee stock purchase plan. These inflows for the year ended December 31, 2021 were partially offset by a 39.0 million payment for capped call transactions entered into in connection with the Convertible Senior Notes offering, debt issuance cost payments of 30.4 million, repurchases of 6.0 million of treasury stock in conjunction with our stock repurchase plan, 6.5 million for income tax deposits paid in respect of vesting of stock-based compensation awards that were reimbursed by the award recipients through surrender of shares, 1.8 million repayment of Term Loan B, and repayment of 0.6 million financing lease obligations. Cash inflows from financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2020 included cash proceeds from stock option exercised of 13.5 million and cash proceeds from issuance of common stock under our employee stock purchase plan of 1.7 million, partially offset by payments of 7.9 million for income tax deposits paid in respect of vesting of stock-based compensation awards that were reimbursed by the award recipients through surrender of shares. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not have any relationships with other entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities that have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. We did not have any other off-balance sheet arrangements at December 31, 2022 other than the short-term operating leases and the indemnification agreements described below, and commitments mentioned in Note 16 - Commitments and Contingencies. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Known Future Cash Requirements 
 Our principal commitments consist of obligations under our Convertible Senior Notes, Term Loan B Facility, Revolving Credit Facility, leases for our various office facilities, including our corporate headquarters in New York, New York and offices in Los Angeles, California, operating lease agreements, including data centers, cloud hosting services that expire at various times through 2033, and indemnification holdback associated with acquisitions. In certain cases, the terms of the lease agreements provide for rental payments on a graduated basis. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our future lease obligations, payments of principal and interest under our debt agreements, sublease income, and other future payments due under non-cancelable agreements at December 31, 2022: 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total (in thousands) Lease liabilities associated with leases included Right of Use Assets as of December 31, 2022 
 25,711 22,224 14,466 12,007 7,425 21,011 102,844 Obligations for leases not included in Lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 
 226 226 226 226 226 1,095 2,225 Convertible Senior Notes 400,000 400,000 Interest, Convertible Senior Notes 1,000 1,000 1,000 500 3,500 Term Loan B (1) 
 3,600 3,600 3,600 3,600 3,600 336,600 354,600 Interest, Term Loan B (2) 
 34,221 33,155 32,724 32,383 32,043 10,545 175,071 Operating sublease income (4,925) (4,767) (1,751) (260) (11,703) Other non-cancelable obligations 9,453 6,859 2,070 18,382 Total 69,286 62,297 52,335 448,456 43,294 369,251 1,044,919 (1) Includes only scheduled amortization of payments and excludes currently unknown prepayment amounts that may be required, per terms of the Credit Agreement, after the end of each fiscal year. 
 (2) Interest payments are based on an assumed rate of 9.33 , which was the rate as of December 31, 2022 for the associated Term Loan B Facility. 
 
 Obligations for leases not included in lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 include commitments under agreements for office spaces that have not commenced as of December 31, 2022. 
 Payments associated with our Convertible Senior Notes and Term Loan B are based on contractual terms and intended timing of repayments of long-term debt and associated interest. 
 Other non-cancelable obligations include agreements in the normal course of business and purchase consideration that extend beyond a year as of December 31, 2022 and indemnification holdback obligations associated with acquisitions. Other non-cancelable obligations above excludes a variable commitment from an agreement for third-party cloud-managed services. The variable commitment begins in July 2023 and ends in June 2025. The future obligation under this agreement will be based on actual spend, as defined in the agreement, with the third-party provider from July 2022 through June 2023. We estimate the future minimum annual obligation to be approximately 50 million to 55 million in each twelve-month period (i.e., July 2023 to June 2024 and July 2024 to June 2025). 
 In the ordinary course of business, we enter into agreements with sellers, buyers, and other third parties pursuant to which we agree to indemnify buyers, sellers, vendors, lessors, business partners, lenders, stockholders, and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses resulting from claims of intellectual property infringement, damages to property or persons, business losses, or other liabilities. Generally, these indemnity and defense obligations relate to our own business operations, obligations, and acts or omissions. However, under some circumstances, we agree to indemnify and defend contract counterparties against losses resulting from their own business operations, obligations, and acts or omissions, or the business operations, obligations, and acts or omissions of third parties. These indemnity provisions generally survive termination or expiration of the agreements in which they appear. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors, executive officers and certain other officers that will require us, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors, officers, or employees. No demands for indemnification have been made as of December 31, 2022. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and related disclosures. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 We believe that the following assumptions and estimates have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements: (i) the determination of revenue recognition as net versus gross in our revenue arrangements, (ii) the determination of amounts to capitalize and the estimated useful lives of internal-use software development costs, (iii) the recoverability of intangible 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 assets and goodwill and the determination of the estimated useful lives of intangible assets, (iv) assumptions used in the valuation models to determine the fair value of stock options, awards with market and performance conditions and stock-based compensation expense, (v) the assumptions used in the valuation of acquired assets and liabilities in business combinations, and (vi) income taxes, including the realization of tax assets and estimates of tax liabilities. There have been no significant changes in our accounting policies or estimates from those disclosed in our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 We believe that the accounting policies disclosed below include estimates and assumptions critical to our business and their application could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. In addition to these critical policies, our significant accounting policies are included within Note 2 of our "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We generate revenue from transactions where we provide a platform for the purchase and sale of digital advertising inventory. Generally, our revenue is based on a percentage of the ad spend that runs through our platform, although for certain clients or transaction types we may receive a fixed CPM for each impression sold, and for advertising campaigns that are transacted through insertion orders we earn revenue based on the full amount of ad spend that runs through our platform. We also generate revenue from the fee we charge clients for use of our Demand Manager header-bidding product, and from our SpringServe ad server product, which we acquired on July 1, 2021. Our platform dynamically connects sellers and buyers of advertising inventory in a digital marketplace. Our solution incorporates proprietary machine-learning algorithms, sophisticated data processing, high-volume storage, detailed analytics capabilities, and a distributed infrastructure. Digital advertising inventory is created when consumers access sellers content. Sellers provide digital advertising inventory to our platform in the form of advertising requests, or ad requests. When we receive ad requests from sellers, we send bid requests to buyers, which enable buyers to bid on sellers digital advertising inventory. Winning bids can create advertising, or paid impressions, for the seller to present to the consumer. 
 The total volume of spending between buyers and sellers on our platform is referred to as advertising spend. We keep a percentage of that advertising spend as a fee, and remit the remainder to the seller. The fee that we retain from the gross advertising spend on our platform is recognized as revenue. The fee earned on each transaction is based on the pre-existing agreement we have with the seller and the clearing price of the winning bid. We recognize revenue upon fulfillment of our performance obligation to a client, which occurs at the point in time an ad renders and is counted as a paid impression, subject to a contract existing with the client and a fixed or determinable transaction price. Performance obligations for all transactions are satisfied, and the corresponding revenue is recognized, at a distinct point in time. We have no arrangements with multiple performance obligations. We consider the following when determining if a contract exists (i) contract approval by all parties, (ii) identification of each party s rights regarding the goods or services to be transferred, (iii) specified payment terms, (iv) commercial substance of the contract, and (v) collectability of substantially all of the consideration is probable. 
 The determination of whether revenue should be reported on a gross or net basis is based on an assessment of whether we are acting as the principal or an agent in the transaction. In determining whether we are acting as the principal or an agent, we followed the accounting guidance for principal-agent considerations. Making such determinations involves judgment and is based on an evaluation of the terms of each arrangement, none of which are considered presumptive or determinative. 
 For the majority of transactions on our platform, we have determined that we do not act as the principal in the purchase and sale of digital advertising inventory because we are not the primary obligor as we do not have control of the digital advertising inventory and do not set prices agreed upon within the auction marketplace, and therefore we report revenue on a net basis. However, for certain transactions related to revenue streams acquired in connection with the Telaria Merger and the SpotX Acquisition, we report revenue on a gross basis, based primarily on our determination that we act as the primary obligor in the delivery of advertising campaigns for buyers with respect to such transactions. 
 Internal Use Software Development Costs 
 We capitalize certain internal use software development costs associated with creating and enhancing internally developed software related to our technology infrastructure. These costs include personnel and related employee benefits expenses for employees who are directly associated with and who devote time to software projects, and external direct costs of materials and services consumed in developing or obtaining the software. Software development costs that do not meet the qualification for capitalization, as further discussed below, are expensed as incurred and recorded in technology and development expenses in the results of operations. 
 Software development activities generally consist of three stages, (i) the planning stage, (ii) the application and infrastructure development stage, and (iii) the post implementation stage. Costs incurred in the planning and post implementation stages of software development, including costs associated with the post-configuration training and repairs and maintenance of the developed technologies, are expensed as incurred. We capitalize costs associated with software developed for internal use when the planning stage is completed, management has authorized further funding for the completion of the project, and it is probable that the project will be completed and perform as intended. Costs incurred in the application and infrastructure development stages, 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 including significant enhancements and upgrades, are capitalized. Capitalization ends once a project is substantially complete and the software and technologies are ready for their intended purpose. There is judgment involved in estimating the stage of development as well as estimating time allocated to a particular project. A significant change in the time spent on each project could have a material impact on the amount capitalized and related amortization expense in subsequent periods. 
 We amortize internal use software development costs using a straight-line method over a three year estimated useful life, commencing when the software is ready for its intended use. The straight-line recognition method approximates the manner in which the expected benefit will be derived. We determined the life of internal use software based on historical software upgrades and replacement. 
 On an ongoing basis, we assess if the estimated remaining useful lives of capitalized projects continue to be reasonable based on the remaining expected benefit and usage. If the remaining useful life of a capitalized project is revised, it is accounted for as a change in estimate and the remaining unamortized cost of the underlying asset is amortized prospectively over the updated remaining useful life. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we accelerated the remaining useful lives of certain capitalized internal use software projects due to the integration of our legacy CTV platforms, which resulted in approximately 0.7 million of incremental amortization expense during the year. 
 We also evaluate internal use software for abandonment and use that as a significant indicator for impairment on a quarterly basis. 
 Valuation of Goodwill and Intangibles 
 The valuation of assets acquired in a business combination and asset impairment reviews require the use of significant estimates and assumptions. The acquisition method of accounting for business combinations requires us to estimate the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest in an acquired business to properly allocate purchase price consideration between assets that are depreciated or amortized and goodwill. 
 On an ongoing basis, we assess if the estimated remaining useful lives of acquired intangible assets continue to be reasonable based on the remaining expected benefit and usage. If the remaining useful life of an intangible is revised, it is accounted for as a change in estimate and the remaining unamortized cost of the underlying asset is amortized prospectively over the updated remaining useful life. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we accelerated the remaining useful lives of certain acquired intangible assets due to the integration of our legacy CTV platforms, which resulted in around 34.7 million of incremental amortization expense during the year. 
 Long-lived assets, including property and equipment, long-term prepayments, and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The evaluation is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows independent of other assets. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows generated from the assets are less than their carrying amount. Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value. 
 We evaluate goodwill annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. In accordance with guidance related to impairment testing, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether or not it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. If the qualitative assessment option is not elected, or if the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative analysis is then performed. The quantitative analysis, if performed, compares the estimated fair value of the Company with its respective carrying amount, including goodwill. If the estimated fair value of the Company exceeds its carrying amount, including goodwill, goodwill is considered not to be impaired and no additional steps are necessary. If the fair value is less than the carrying amount, including goodwill, then an impairment adjustment must be recorded up to the carrying amount of goodwill. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 Compensation expense related to employee and non-employee stock-based awards is measured and recognized on the fair value of the awards granted. We have granted awards to employees that vest based solely on continued service, or service conditions, awards that vest based on the achievement of performance targets, or performance conditions, and awards that vest based on our stock price exceeding a peer index, or market conditions. The fair value of each option award containing service and/or performance conditions is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of awards containing market conditions is estimated using a Monte-Carlo lattice model. For service condition awards, stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards, which is generally four years. For performance condition and market condition awards, stock-based compensation expense is recognized using a graded vesting model over the requisite service period of the awards. For market condition awards, expense recognized is not subsequently reversed if the market conditions are not achieved. 
 Determining the fair value of stock-based awards at the grant date requires judgment. Our use of the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and Monte-Carlo lattice model requires the input of subjective assumptions such as the expected term of the option, 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 the expected volatility of the price of our common stock, risk-free interest rates, the expected dividend yield of our common stock, and the fair value of our common stock. The assumptions used in our valuation models represent management s best estimates. These estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. If factors change and different assumptions are used, our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. 
 Business Combinations 
 The results of businesses acquired in a business combination are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. We allocate the purchase price of a business combination, which is the sum of the consideration provided, which may consist of cash, equity or a combination of the two, to the identifiable assets and liabilities of the acquired business at their acquisition date fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the amount allocated to the identifiable assets and liabilities, if any, is recorded as goodwill. Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management to use significant judgment and estimates including the selection of valuation methodologies, estimates of future revenues and cash flows, discount rates and selection of comparable companies. 
 When we issue stock-based or cash awards to an acquired company s stockholders, we evaluate whether the awards are contingent consideration or compensation for post-business combination services. The evaluation includes, among other things, whether the vesting of the awards is contingent on the continued employment of the selling stockholder beyond the acquisition date. If continued employment is required for vesting, the awards are treated as compensation for post-acquisition services and recognized as expense over the requisite service period. 
 We estimate the fair value of intangible assets acquired generally using a discounted cash flow approach, which includes an analysis of the future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset and the risk associated with achieving these cash flows. The key assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model include the discount rate that is applied to the forecasted future cash flows to calculate the present value of those cash flows and the estimate of future cash flows attributable to the acquired intangible asset, which include revenue, expenses and taxes. The carrying value of acquired working capital assets and liabilities approximates its fair value, given the short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. 
 Income Taxes 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. 
 Although we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different. We adjust these reserves as facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate in the period in which such determination is made. 
 The provision for income taxes includes the effect of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate as well as the related net interest and penalties. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Services ("IRS") and other tax authorities which may assert assessments against us. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 The information set forth under Note 2 to our "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" under the caption "Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 We have operations both in the United States and internationally, and we are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks include primarily interest rate, foreign exchange, and inflation risks. The risks below may be further exacerbated by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on global macroeconomic and market conditions. 
 Interest Rate Fluctuation Risk 
 Our cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and money market funds, but may from time to time also include commercial paper, with original maturities of three months or less. Our investments may consist of repurchase agreements, U.S. government agency debt, and U.S. treasury debt. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve the value of our cash without significantly increasing risk. Because our cash, cash equivalents, and investments have a short maturity, our portfolio s fair value is relatively insensitive to interest rate changes, however, interest income earned will vary as interest rates change. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 We do not have economic interest rate expense exposure on our Convertible Senior Notes due to their fixed interest rate nature. The amount paid upon redemption is not based on changes in any index or changing market rates. It is fixed at 100 of the principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes plus unpaid interest. Since the Convertible Senior Notes bear fixed rate coupon, we are not exposed to interest rate risk on those notes, however, the fair value of those notes will change as market interest rates change. 
 We have a Term Loan B Facility under the Credit Agreement which bears a floating rate of interest that resets periodically, subject to a 0.75 floor on that floating rate, according to the terms of the agreement. Our financial results have been exposed to changes in the underlying base interest rate on that debt because the underlying base interest rate has now reset above the floor on such underlying interest rate. The fair value of Term Loan B Facility may fluctuate when the underlying base interest rate fluctuates below the floor or when the rate of return demanded by our loan investors increases relative to when the loans were issued. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. Should the company borrow under the Revolving Credit Facility at any point in the future, any associated borrowings would have a floating underlying base rate of interest that would expose the Company to interest rate risk. 
 We do not believe that an increase or decrease in interest rates of 100 basis points would have a material effect on our operating results or financial condition. The annualized impact to interest expense for each 100 basis points increase above the LIBOR Floor on our Term Loan B Facility is approximately 3.5 million. The actual impact to our financial results of the same increase in interest rates is expected to be lower than 3.5 million depending on the timing and magnitude of such rate changes relative to our LIBOR Floor, and will be partially offset by higher interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalent balances over the same period. In future periods, we will continue to evaluate our investment opportunities and policy relative to our overall objectives. With regard to all debt currently outstanding, the company is potentially exposed to refinancing risk, should the Company seek to refinance existing debt or raise new debt in the future, and the prevailing cost or terms for that debt differs from terms in our current debt agreements. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 As a U.S. based company that does business around the globe, we have foreign currency risks related to our revenue and expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, principally the British Pound, Australian Dollar, Canadian Dollar and Euro. The volatility of exchange rates depends on many factors that we cannot forecast with reliable accuracy. In the event our non-U.S. Dollar denominated revenue and expenses increase, or the volatility of the foreign currencies that we transact in increases, our operating results may be more greatly affected by fluctuations in the exchange rates of those foreign currencies. In addition, we have experienced and will continue to experience fluctuations in our net income (loss) as a result of transaction gains and losses related to translating certain cash balances, trade accounts receivable and payable balances and intercompany balances that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. The effect of an immediate 10 adverse change in foreign exchange rates on foreign currency-denominated monetary assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, including intercompany balances, would result in a foreign currency loss of approximately 10.5 million and 6.2 million, respectively. At this time we do not, but we may in the future, enter into derivatives or other financial instruments in an attempt to hedge our foreign currency exchange risk. It is difficult to predict the impact hedging activities would have on our results of operations. 
 Inflation Risk 
 We do not believe that cost inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we might not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. This risk of cost inflation is distinct from the risk that inflation throughout the broader economy could lead to reduced ad spend and indirectly harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. For a discussion of the indirect results of inflation on our business, see "Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic and Other Macroeconomic Developments." 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 MAGNITE, INC. 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 63 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets 65 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 66 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 69 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 71 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Magnite, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Magnite, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud , and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Revenue Highly Automated Systems to Process and Record Revenue - Refer to Note 4 to the financial statements . 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company s revenues consist of transaction-based fees and is made up of a significant volume of low-dollar transactions, sourced from multiple systems, databases, and other tools. Due to the fact that revenue transactions do not consist of the transfer of physical goods, but are derived from the purchase and sale of digital advertising inventory through their platforms, the processing and recording of revenue is highly automated and is based on contractual terms with advertisers and publishers. Because of the nature of the Company s transaction-based fees, the Company uses automated systems to process and record its revenue transactions. 
 We identified revenue as a critical audit matter because the of the information technology (IT)-dependent nature of the Company s revenue stream and the significant audit effort required in performing our audit procedures, including involvement of professionals with expertise in IT to identify, test, and evaluate the Company s systems, software applications, and automated controls related to the revenue cycle. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company s systems to process revenue transactions included the following, among others: 
 With the assistance of our IT specialists, we: 
 Identified the significant systems used to process revenue transactions and tested the design, implementation, effectiveness of general IT controls over the systems, including testing of user access controls, change management controls, and IT operations controls. 
 We tested the design, implementation, and operating effectiveness of system interface controls and automated controls within the revenue process, as well as controls designed to ensure the accuracy and completeness of revenue. 
 For the relevant platform systems, in order to test that transactions are being processed and recorded completely and accurately, we independently created test impressions and traced such impressions through the systems to final output for financial reporting. 
 We tested the design, implementation, and operating effectiveness of controls within the relevant revenue business processes, including those in place to reconcile the various systems to the Company s general ledger. 
 We evaluated recorded revenue and revenue trends and used data analytics to analyze transactional revenue data. 
 We tested revenue through the use of technology-based data analysis tools, to inspect journal entries to: 
 Identify significant relationships in the revenue population and 
 Sufficiently understand significant relationships and related accounts affecting revenue 
 We performed audit procedures on those related accounts determined to have a significant relationship with revenue. Such procedures included sending confirmations to customers for a selection of accounts receivable and tracing cash receipts received after year end back to accounts receivable as of the balance sheet date. We also performed a combination of audit procedures on publisher payables, which included subsequent disbursements testing, recalculation of publisher payable amounts, and substantive analytical procedures. 

/s/ 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2018. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 MAGNITE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except par values) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 
 Property and equipment, net Right of use lease asset Internal use software development costs, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets, non-current TOTAL ASSETS 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Lease liabilities - current portion Debt, current Other current liabilities TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 
 Debt, non-current, net of debt issuance costs Lease liabilities, non-current Deferred tax liability, net 
 Other liabilities, non-current 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) 
 
 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock at cost, and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 ) Accumulated deficit ) ) TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 MAGNITE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Revenue Expenses: Cost of revenue Sales and marketing Technology and development General and administrative Merger, acquisition, and restructuring costs Total expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Other (income) expense: Interest (income) expense, net ) Other income ) ) ) Foreign exchange (gain) loss, net ) ) Total other (income) expense, net ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) per share: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average shares used to compute net income (loss) per share: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 

66 

Table of Contents 

 MAGNITE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive loss: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 

67 

Table of Contents 

MAGNITE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Treasury Stock Total Stockholders Equity Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 
 ) ) Exercise of common stock options 
 Issuance of common stock related to employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock related to RSU vesting Shares withheld related to net share settlement 
 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock associated with the Telaria Merger Exchange of stock options and RSU related to Telaria Merger Stock-based compensation 
 Other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 ) ) Exercise of common stock options 
 Issuance of common stock related to employee stock purchase plan 
 Issuance of common stock related to RSU vesting Shares withheld related to net share settlement 
 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock associated with SpotX Acquisition Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Capped call options ) ) Stock-based compensation 
 Other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Net income 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) Exercise of common stock options Issuance of common stock related to employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock related to RSU vesting Shares withheld related to net share settlement ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Retirement of common stock ) ) Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 

) 
 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

MAGNITE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Impairment of intangible assets (Gain) loss on disposal of property and equipment ) ) Provision for doubtful accounts ) ) Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Non-cash lease expense ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Unrealized foreign currency gains, net ) ) ) Other items, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effect of business acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Capitalized internal use software development costs ) ) ) Mergers and acquisitions, net of cash acquired and indemnification claims holdback ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from Convertible Senior Notes offering Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of debt discount Payment for capped call options ) Payment for debt issuance costs ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Repayment of debt ) ) Repayment of financing lease ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement ) ) ) Payment of indemnification claims holdback ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH ) ) CHANGE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH Beginning of period CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH End of period 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 

69 

Table of Contents 

 MAGNITE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS-(Continued) 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 RECONCILIATION OF CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH TO CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in prepaid expenses and other current assets Restricted cash included in other assets, non-current Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest Capitalized assets financed by accounts payable and accrued expenses Capitalized stock-based compensation Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities Purchase consideration - indemnification claims holdback Common stock and options issued for mergers and acquisitions Debt discount, non-cash 
 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 MAGNITE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1 

Note 2 

segment. The Company s chief operating decision maker reviews financial information on an aggregated and consolidated basis, together with certain operating and performance measures principally to make decisions about how to allocate resources and to measure the Company s performance. 

71 

Table of Contents 

72 

Table of Contents 

. For performance condition and market condition awards, stock-based compensation expense is recognized using a graded vesting model over the requisite service period of the awards. For market condition awards, expense recognized is not subsequently reversed if the market conditions are not achieved. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 . 

shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock. The Company has issued common stock, which is included in outstanding common stock on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. During 2021 and 2022, the Company repurchased shares of common stock, which was recorded as treasury stock on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. In 2022, all repurchased shares, including any outstanding treasury stock from 2021, were subsequently retired. The Company has not issued any shares of its preferred stock subsequent to the Company's initial public offering ("IPO") and does not have any preferred stock outstanding. 
 The Company is required to reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of common stock such number of shares sufficient to affect the conversion of all shares granted and available for grant under the Company s stock award plans. The number of shares of the Company's stock reserved for these purposes at December 31, 2022 was . 
 74 

Table of Contents 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had restricted cash of million and million, respectively. 

Furniture, fixtures and office equipment to 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of useful life or life of lease Network hardware under right-of-use finance arrangements Shorter of useful life or life of lease 
 Repair and maintenance costs are charged to expense as incurred, while renewals and improvements are capitalized. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the Company s results of operations. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

, commencing when the software is ready for its intended use. The straight-line recognition method approximates the manner in which the expected benefit will be derived. On an ongoing basis, the Company assesses the remaining estimated useful lives of internal use software projects. If remaining useful lives are revised, the change is accounted for as a change in estimate. 
 The Company does not transfer ownership of its software, or lease its software, to third parties. 
 Capitalized Costs Incurred in Cloud Computing Arrangements 
 . 

In-process research and development to 
 Customer relationships to 
 Backlog Non-compete agreements to 
 Other intangible assets to 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

77 

Table of Contents 

At December 31, 2022, two buyers accounted for and , respectively, of consolidated accounts receivable. At December 31, 2021, two buyers accounted for and , respectively, of accounts receivable. 
 The Company recognizes revenue from its contracts with sellers. No seller of advertising inventory accounted for 10 or more of revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 At December 31, 2022, one seller of advertising inventory accounted for of accounts payable and at December 31, 2021, one seller of advertising inventory accounted for of accounts payable. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

79 

Table of Contents 

 Note 3 ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding Weighted-average unvested restricted shares Weighted-average common shares outstanding used to compute net income (loss) per share Basic net income (loss) per share ) ) Diluted Income (Loss) Per Share: Net income (loss) ) ) Denominator adjustment: Weighted-average common shares used in basic EPS Dilutive effect of weighted-average restricted stock units Dilutive effect of weighted-average common stock options Dilutive effect of weighted-average performance stock units Dilutive effect of weighted-average ESPP shares Weighted-average shares used to compute diluted net income (loss) per share Diluted net income (loss) per share ) ) 
 Options to purchase common stock Unvested performance awards ESPP shares Convertible Senior Notes Total shares excluded from net income (loss) per share 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2020, the Company excluded outstanding performance stock units from the calculation of diluted net loss per share because they were anti-dilutive. As of December 31, 2022, the performance stock units granted during April 2020, April 2021, August 2021, and February 2022 had expected achievement levels of , , , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2020, the performance stock units granted during April 2020 had expected achievement level of . 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company included outstanding performance stock units in the calculation of diluted net income per share. As of December 31, 2021, the performance stock units granted during April 2020, April 2021, and August 2021 had expected achievement levels of , , and , respectively. 
 Refer to Note 12 "Stock-Based Compensation" for additional information related to performance stock units. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 . Refer to Note 17 "Debt" for additional information related to accounting for Convertible Senior Notes issued and associated Capped Call Transactions. 
 
 Note 4 
 Gross basis Total 
 Mobile Desktop Total 
 The following table presents the Company's revenue disaggregated by geographic location, based on the location of the Company's sellers: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 (in thousands) United States International Total 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 or less. The Company's accounts receivable are recorded at the amount of gross billings to buyers, net of allowances for the amounts the Company is responsible to collect. The Company's accounts payable related to amounts due to sellers are recorded at the net amount payable to sellers (see Note 10). Accordingly, both accounts receivable and accounts payable appear large in relation to revenue reported on a net basis. 
 Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount, are unsecured, and do not bear interest. The allowance for doubtful accounts is reviewed quarterly, requires judgment, and is based on the best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in existing accounts receivable. The Company reviews the status of the then-outstanding accounts receivable on a customer-by-customer basis, taking into consideration the aging schedule of receivables, its historical collection experience, current information regarding the client, subsequent collection history, and other relevant data, in establishing the allowance for doubtful accounts. Accounts receivable are presented net of an allowance for doubtful accounts of million at December 31, 2022, and million at December 31, 2021. Accounts receivable are written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts when the Company determines amounts are no longer collectible. 
 The Company reviews the associated payable to sellers for recovery of buyer receivable allowance and write-offs; in some cases, the Company can reduce the payable to sellers. The reduction of seller payables related to recovery of uncollected buyer receivables is netted against allowance expense. The contra seller payables related to recoveries were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts, assumed from mergers or acquisitions Write-offs ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in provision for expected credit losses ) Recoveries of previous write-offs Allowance for doubtful accounts, December 31 
 million was offset by decreases of contra seller payables related to recoveries of uncollected buyer receivables of million, which resulted in an million amount of bad debt recoveries. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the provision for expected credit losses associated with accounts receivable of million was offset by increases of contra seller payables related to recoveries of uncollected buyer receivables of million, which resulted in an amount of bad debt expense. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the provision for expected credit losses associated with accounts receivable of million was offset by increases of contra seller payables related to recoveries of uncollected buyer receivables of million, which resulted in million of bad debt recoveries. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Note 5 
 
 The table below sets forth a summary of financial instruments that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2021: 
 Total Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) (in thousands) 
 Cash equivalents 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash equivalents of million and million, respectively, consisted of money market funds and commercial paper, with original maturities of three months or less. The carrying amounts of cash equivalents are classified as Level 1 or Level 2 depending on whether or not their fair values are based on quoted market prices for identical securities that are traded in an active market. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had Convertible Senior Notes and its Term Loan B Facility (as defined in Note 17) included in its balance sheets. The estimated fair value of the Company's Convertible Senior Notes was million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,respectively. The estimated fair value of Convertible Senior Notes is based on market rates and the closing trading price of the Convertible Senior Notes as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and is classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. At December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of the Company's Term Loan B Facility was million and at December 31, 2021, the estimated fair value of the Company's Term Loan B Facility approximated the carrying value. The estimated fair value is based on borrowing rates currently available to the Company for financing with similar terms and is classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 

83 

Table of Contents 

Note 6 
 
 Computer equipment and network hardware Furniture, fixtures and office equipment Leasehold improvements Gross property and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net property and equipment 
 Depreciation expense on property and equipment totaled million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. There were impairment charges to property and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 As part of the April 30, 2021 acquisition of SpotX, the Company acquired finance leases related primarily to network hardware. The accumulated depreciation related to assets under finance leases was approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was included in depreciation expense when recognized. See Note 15 for more information regarding the related finance lease obligation. 
 
 International Total 

Note 7 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) Internal use software development costs, net 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company capitalized million, million, and million, respectively, of internal use software development costs. Amortization expense was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, amortization expense included the write-off of software development costs of million, million, and million, in the respective periods, related to the abandonment of the associated projects. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company reassessed the remaining estimated useful lives of capitalized software projects related to integration of its technology platforms. The change in the remaining estimated useful lives for the related projects resulted in increased amortization expense of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increased amortization expense increased the basic and diluted loss per share by , net of tax, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Based on the Company s internal use software development costs at December 31, 2022, excluding projects that are not ready for their intended use with a value of million, estimated amortization expense of million, million, and million is expected to be recognized in 2023, 2024, and 2025, respectively. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

Note 8 
 
 Additions for Acquisition of SpotX (Note 9) Additions for Acquisition of SpringServe (Note 9) Additions for Acquisition of Nth Party (Note 9) Ending balance at December 31, 2021 
 Additions for Acquisition of Carbon (Note 9) Adjustments to the Acquisition of SpotX (Note 9) ) Ending balance at December 31, 2022 

Customer relationships 
 In-process research and development Non-compete agreements 
 Trademarks 
 Total identifiable intangible assets, gross 
 Accumulated amortization intangible assets: 
 Developed technology 
 ) ) Customer relationships 
 ) ) In-process research and development ) ) Non-compete agreements 
 ) ) Trademarks 
 ) ) Total accumulated amortization intangible assets 
 ) ) Total identifiable intangible assets, net 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 the Company wrote off fully amortized intangible assets with a historical cost of million, million and million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company abandoned certain in-process research and development projects and technology intangible assets. The abandonment resulted in million of impairment costs, which was included in merger, acquisition, and restructuring costs in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company reassessed the remaining estimated useful lives of the developed technology and in-process research and development related to the SpotX acquisition based on the remaining expected benefit from those assets. The change in the remaining estimated useful lives for developed technology and in-process research and development resulted in increased amortization expense of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increased amortization expense increased the basic and diluted loss per share by , net of tax, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Total 
 The Company capitalizes costs related to arrangements for infrastructure as a service, platform as a service, and software as a service. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, capitalized costs associated with these arrangements was included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the amounts of million and million, respectively, and within other assets, non-current in the amounts of million and million, respectively. The amortization of these agreements was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and an insignificant amount for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 The Company's qualitative assessment in the fourth quarter of 2022 did not indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of its goodwill, intangible assets, and other long-lived assets is less than the aggregate carrying amount. 

Note 9 
 shares of Magnite common stock. As a result, the Company issued shares of Magnite common stock. In connection with the Telaria Merger, Magnite also assumed Telaria s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended; 2008 Stock Plan, as amended; and the ScanScout, Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 As of the Acquisition Date, former holders of Telaria common stock owned approximately and pre-merger holders of Magnite common stock owned approximately of the common stock of the combined company on a fully diluted basis. 
 As part of the Telaria Merger, existing outstanding restricted stock units of Telaria common stock and stock options to purchase common stock of Telaria were exchanged for restricted stock units of the Company and options to purchase the Company's common stock, respectively. The fair value of stock options exchanged on the date of the Telaria Merger attributable to pre-acquisition services was recorded as purchase consideration. The fair value of the restricted stock units and stock options exchanged on the date of the Telaria Merger attributable to post-acquisition services will be recorded as additional stock-based compensation expense in the Company's consolidated statements of operations over their remaining requisite service (vesting) periods. 
 Fair value of stock-based awards exchanged Acceleration of single trigger equity awards, converted Total purchase consideration 
 The purchase consideration for the acquisition included shares of the Company's common stock with a fair value of approximately million, based on the Company's stock price as reported on the NYSE on the Acquisition Date. The fair value of stock options and restricted stock units exchanged on the Acquisition Date attributable to pre-acquisition services of approximately million and million, respectively, have been recorded as purchase consideration. In addition, the Company recorded additional purchase consideration associated with acceleration of shares of common stock issued associated with single-trigger equity awards in the amount of million. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, will be recorded as additional stock-based compensation expense on the Company's consolidated statements of operations over their remaining requisite service (vesting) periods. 
 Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment, net Right-of-use lease asset Intangible assets Restricted cash Other assets, non-current Deferred tax assets, non-current Goodwill Total assets acquired Accounts payable and accrued expenses Lease liabilities - current portion Deferred revenue Other current liabilities Lease liabilities - non-current portion Other liabilities, non-current Deferred tax liability Total liabilities assumed Total purchase price 
 The Company believes the amount of goodwill resulting from the purchase price allocation is primarily attributable to expected synergies from assembled workforce, an increase in development capabilities, increased offerings to customers, and enhanced opportunities for growth and innovation. Goodwill will not be amortized but instead will be tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if certain indicators of impairment are present. In the event that goodwill has become impaired, the Company will record an expense for the amount impaired during the quarter in which the determination is made. The acquired intangibles and goodwill resulting from the Telaria Merger are not amortizable for tax purposes. 
 years In-process research and development years 
 Customer relationships years Backlog years Trademarks years Total intangible assets acquired In-process research and development consists of projects with a weighted-average useful life of years. Amortization begins once associated projects are completed and it is determined the projects have alternative future use. 
 
 The fair value of the acquired technology and in-process research and development was valued using The Revenue Split Method. This methodology included allocating future revenue projections to the existing technologies and applying decay rates and appropriate discount rates that reflect the respective intangible asset's relative risk profile when compared to other intangible assets as well as considering the risk associated with the overall business. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 million of acquisition related costs during the year ended December 31, 2020 (see Note 13). In addition, as part of the Telaria Merger, the Company acquired Telaria's U.S. federal NOLs of approximately million and state NOLs of approximately million. Pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, Telaria, Inc. underwent an ownership change for tax purposes. As a result, the use of the NOLs will be subject to annual Section 382 use limitations. The Company believes the ownership change will not impact the Company's ability to utilize substantially all of the NOLs to the extent it generates taxable income that can be offset by such losses. 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Information 
 Pro Forma Net Loss ) 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, post-merger revenue on a stand-alone basis for Telaria was million. During the year ended December 31, 2020, due to the process of integrating the operations of Telaria into the operations of the Company, the determination of Telaria's post-merger operating results on a standalone basis was impracticable. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 million in cash ("Cash Consideration") and shares of the Company's common stock. Per the terms of the Purchase Agreement, at the completion of the Company s offering of its Convertible Senior Notes, RTL elected to increase the Cash Consideration by an amount equal to of the gross proceeds of the Convertible Senior Notes (which amount was equal to million) and to reduce the number of shares of common stock it would otherwise receive by a number of shares of common stock equal to of the gross proceeds of the proposed offering of notes million) divided by the closing price of a share of our common stock on the trading day immediately prior to the date of pricing of the proposed offering of notes ). As a result of this election, the adjusted purchase price was billion, prior to customary working capital adjustments and other adjustments, consisting of million in cash plus shares of common stock (based on the fair value of the Company's common stock on April 30, 2021). The Cash Consideration is subject to customary working capital and other adjustments. The working capital was approximately million, including cash balances acquired and other working capital adjustments, resulting in a total purchase price of billion. The Company financed the Cash Consideration through borrowings under the Term Loan B Facility and the Convertible Senior Notes (Note 17). 
 In accordance with ASC 805, the Company recorded the acquisition based on the fair value of the consideration transferred and then allocated the purchase price to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the value of consideration transferred over the aggregate fair value of those net assets was recorded as goodwill. Any identified definite lived intangible assets will be amortized over their estimated useful lives and any identified intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and goodwill will not be amortized but will be tested for impairment at least annually. All intangible assets and goodwill will be tested for impairment when certain indicators are present. Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management to use significant judgment and estimates including the selection of valuation methodologies, estimates of future revenues and cash flows, discount rates, and selection of comparable companies. 
 For purposes of measuring the estimated fair value, where applicable, of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed, the Company has applied the guidance in ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, which establishes a framework for measuring fair value. In accordance with ASC 820, fair value is an exit price and is defined as "the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date." Under ASC 805, acquisition-related transaction costs and acquisition-related restructuring charges are not included as components of consideration transferred but are accounted for as expenses in the period in which the costs are incurred. 
 Stock Consideration (Fair Value of Shares of Magnite common stock) Working capital adjustment Total purchase consideration 
 The purchase consideration for the SpotX Acquisition included shares of the Company's common stock with a fair value of approximately million, based on the close price of the Company's common stock at closing on April 30, 2021, which was per share, and working capital adjustment of million, mainly consisting of cash balances acquired on the date of the SpotX Acquisition and other opening balance sheet adjustments. 
 During the first quarter of 2022, the Company adjusted the preliminary purchase price allocation for SpotX based on updated fair values associated with the acquired assets and liabilities. Adjustments impacted acquisition related accounts payable and tax accruals. The Company finalized the purchase price allocation of SpotX in the second quarter of 2022, resulting in no additional changes to the purchase price allocation. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted cash Accounts receivable Prepaid and other assets, current Fixed assets Intangible assets Right-of-use lease asset Goodwill Total assets to be acquired Accounts payable and accrued expenses Other current liabilities Lease liabilities Deferred tax liability, net Total liabilities to be assumed Total purchase price 
 The Company believes the amount of goodwill resulting from the purchase price allocation is primarily attributable to expected synergies from the assembled workforce, an increase in development capabilities, increased offerings to customers, and enhanced opportunities for growth and innovation. Goodwill will not be amortized but instead will be tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if certain indicators of impairment are present. In the event that goodwill has become impaired, the Company will record an expense for the amount impaired during the quarter in which the determination is made. The acquired intangibles and goodwill resulting from the SpotX Acquisition are not amortizable for tax purposes. 
 years Customer relationships to years 
 Backlog The fair value of the acquired technology and in-process research and development was valued using the Excess Earnings Method. This methodology included allocating future revenue projections to the existing technologies and applying decay rates and appropriate discount rates that reflect the respective intangible asset's relative risk profile when compared to other intangible assets as well as the discount rate for the overall business. 
 The Company used the Loss of Revenue and Income Method in its valuation of the existing customer relationships and non-compete agreements. To the extent that future cash flows of the business would be negatively affected in the absence of these relationships and non-compete agreements, they would be deemed to have economic value. This method attempts to quantify the scenario whereby the owner loses the right to the intangible asset and the resulting losses of revenue and income. Under this analysis, the value of the cash flows with the intangible asset is compared to the value of the cash flows without the intangible asset and the difference represents the value of the intangible asset. This methodology included applying a discount rate and the expected timing it would take to further enhance customer relationships. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such reduction was recognized as an income tax benefit in the post-acquisition consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The Company recognized approximately million of acquisition related costs included in the merger, acquisition, and restructuring costs in the Company's consolidated statements of operations during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the SpotX Acquisition. 
 2021 Acquisition SpringServe 
 On July 1, 2021, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, SpotX, completed the SpringServe Acquisition. As a result of the SpringServe Acquisition, SpringServe became a wholly-owned subsidiary of SpotX, and a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company. 
 SpotX initial cash investment in SpringServe Fair value appreciation of SpotX purchase right Indemnification claims - holdback Total purchase consideration 
 In 2020, SpotX made a minority investment of million in SpringServe in conjunction with a strategic partnership agreement between the two companies, which included an option agreement to purchase SpringServe. At the time of Magnite's acquisition of SpotX, the fair value of SpotX's minority investment and purchase right were valued at a combined million for a total minority investment and purchase right of million. In connection with the SpringServe Acquisition, million of the purchase price was held back to cover possible indemnification claims. 
 In accordance with ASC 805, the Company recorded the acquisition based on the fair value of the consideration transferred and then allocated the purchase price to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the value of consideration transferred over the aggregate fair value of those net assets was recorded as goodwill. Any identified definite lived intangible assets will be amortized over their estimated useful lives and any identified intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and goodwill will not be amortized but will be tested for impairment at least annually. All intangible assets and goodwill will be tested for impairment when certain indicators are present. Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management to use significant judgment and estimates including the selection of valuation methodologies, estimates of future revenues and cash flows, discount rates, and selection of comparable companies. 
 For purposes of measuring the estimated fair value, where applicable, of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed, the Company has applied the guidance in ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, which establishes a framework for measuring fair value. In accordance with ASC 820, fair value is an exit price and is defined as "the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date." Under ASC 805, acquisition- 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 million holdback liability. 
 Accounts receivable Prepaid and other assets, current Fixed assets Intangible assets Right-of-use lease asset Goodwill Total assets to be acquired Accounts payable and accrued expenses Other current liabilities Lease liabilities Deferred tax liability, net Total liabilities to be assumed Total preliminary purchase price 
 The Company believes the amount of goodwill resulting from the purchase price allocation is primarily attributable to expected synergies from the assembled workforce, an increase in development capabilities, increased offerings to customers, and enhanced opportunities for growth and innovation. Goodwill will not be amortized but instead will be tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if certain indicators of impairment are present. In the event that goodwill has become impaired, the Company will record an expense for the amount impaired during the quarter in which the determination is made. 
 years Customer relationships years Trademarks and Trade Names years In-process research and development years 
 Non-compete agreements years Total intangible assets acquired In-process research and development consists of projects with a weighted-average useful life of years. Amortization begins once associated projects are completed and it is determined the projects have alternative future use. 
 
 The fair value of the acquired technology and in-process research and development was valued using the Excess Earnings Method. This methodology included allocating future revenue projections to the existing technologies and applying decay rates and appropriate discount rates that reflect the respective intangible asset's relative risk profile when compared to other intangible assets as well as considering the risk associated with the overall business. 
 At the acquisition date, SpringServe had existing customer relationships. To the extent that future cash flows of the business would be negatively affected in the absence of these relationships, they would be deemed to have economic value. In addition, certain employees of SpringServe signed non-compete agreements. The Company used the Loss of Revenue and Income Method in its valuation of the existing customer relationships and non-compete agreements. This method attempts to quantify the scenario whereby the owner loses the right to the intangible asset and the resulting losses of revenue and income. Under this analysis, the value of the cash flows with the intangible asset is compared to the value of the cash flows without the intangible asset and the difference represents the value of the intangible asset. This methodology included applying a discount rate and the expected timing it would take to further enhance customer relationships. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 million, in cash. The Company acquired Nth Party as part of its strategy to further invest in the development and enhancement of industry leading identity and audience solutions. The allocation of purchase consideration resulted in approximately million of developed technology intangible assets with an estimated useful life of , approximately million non-compete intangible assets with an estimated useful life of , approximately million of deferred tax liability, and goodwill of approximately million, which is attributable to the workforce of Nth Party and revenue growth from the acquisition. Acquired intangibles and goodwill resulting from the Nth Party acquisition are not deductible for income tax purposes. 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Information 
 Pro Forma Net Loss ) ) 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, due to the process of integrating the operations of SpotX into the operations of the Company, the determination of SpotX's post-acquisition revenue and operating results on a standalone basis was impracticable. The SpringServe post-acquisition revenue and operating results on a standalone basis were immaterial. 
 2022 Acquisition Carbon 
 The Company completed the acquisition of the business of Carbon (AI) Limited ("Carbon" and such acquisition the "Carbon Acquisition"), a platform that enables publishers to measure, manage, and monetize audience segments, in February 2022 for a total purchase price of million in cash. Approximately million of the purchase price was held back to cover possible indemnification claims, which is expected to be paid in cash one year after the acquisition. The Company acquired Carbon as part of its strategy to further invest in the development and enhancement of industry leading identity and audience solutions. The allocation of purchase consideration resulted in an estimated million of developed technology intangible assets with an estimated useful life of , million non-compete intangible assets with an estimated useful life of , million of customer relationships with an estimated useful life of , and goodwill of million, which is attributable to the workforce of Carbon and revenue growth from the acquisition. For tax purposes, the Carbon Acquisition was treated as an asset acquisition. The acquisition of identified intangibles results in tax deductible amortization pursuant to IRC Section 197. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

Note 10 
 Accounts payable trade Accrued employee-related payables Accrued holdback - indemnification claims Total 

Note 11) Other comprehensive loss ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Other comprehensive loss ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Other comprehensive loss ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 

Note 12 
 from issuance with vesting after of service and the remainder vesting monthly thereafter. RSAs and RSUs vest at varying rates, typically approximately vesting after approximately of service and the remainder vesting annually, semi-annually, or quarterly thereafter. The restricted stock units granted in 2022, 2021, and 2020, included million, million, and million, respectively, awards that vest on each of the first and second anniversaries of the grant date. Options, RSAs, and RSUs granted under the plans accelerate under certain circumstances for certain participants upon a change in control, as defined in the governing plan. No further awards were granted under the iSocket Plan, the Chango Plan, 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 shares remained available for future grants at December 31, 2022 under the plans. The 2014 Equity Incentive Plan has an evergreen provision pursuant to which the share reserve will automatically increase on January 1 st of each year in an amount equal to of the total number of shares of capital stock outstanding on December 31 st of the preceding calendar year, although the Company s board of directors may provide for a lesser increase, or no increase, in any year. The 2014 Inducement Grant Equity Incentive Plan has a provision pursuant to which the share reserve may be increased at the discretion of the Company's board of directors. 
 Stock Options 
 Granted Exercised ) Expired ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 years Exercisable at December 31, 2022 years 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million. At December 31, 2022, the Company had unrecognized employee stock-based compensation expense relating to nonvested stock options of approximately million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Total fair value of options vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million. 
 per share. The weighted-average input assumptions used by the Company were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Expected term (in years) Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility Dividend yield 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Granted Canceled ) Vested and released ) Restricted stock units outstanding at December 31, 2022 Restricted stock units outstanding and unvested at December 31, 2022 At December 31, 2022, outstanding restricted stock units included units that were vested but deferred. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 . The intrinsic value of restricted stock units that vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million. At December 31, 2022, the intrinsic value of unvested restricted stock units was million. At December 31, 2022, the Company had unrecognized stock-based compensation expense relating to unvested restricted stock units of approximately million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Performance Stock Units 
 In April 2020, April 2021, and February 2022, the Company granted the Company's CEO , , and performance stock units that vest based on share price metrics tied to total shareholder return over a period with a fair value of million, million, and million, respectively. The grant date fair value per share of these grants was , , and , respectively, which was estimated using a Monte-Carlo lattice model. At December 31, 2022, the Company had unrecognized employee stock-based compensation expense for the April 2020, April 2021, and February 2022 grants of approximately million, million, and million which is expected to be recognized over the remaining years, years, and years, respectively. Between and of the performance stock units will vest on the third anniversary of its grant date. 
 In August 2021, the Company granted the Company's CEO performance stock units, which are subject to both time-based and performance-based vesting conditions. The performance stock units consist of three equal tranches (each, a "Performance Tranche"), based on achievement of a share price condition if the Company achieves share price targets of , , and , respectively over consecutive trading days during a performance period commencing on August 26, 2022 and ending on August 26, 2026. To the extent any of the performance-based requirements are met, the Company's CEO must also provide continued service to the Company through at least August 26, 2024 to receive any shares of common stock underlying the grant and through August 26, 2026 to receive all of the shares of common stock underlying the performance units that have satisfied the applicable performance-based requirement. 
 The fair value of each of the Performance Tranches was million, million, and million, respectively, and have a grant date fair value per share of restricted stock of , , and , respectively, which was estimated using a Monte-Carlo lattice model. At December 31, 2022, the Company had unrecognized employee stock-based compensation expense of approximately million, million, and million, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining years, years, and years, respectively. Between and of the performance stock units will vest on each of the tranche dates. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized million, million, and million, respectively, of stock-based compensation related to these performance stock units. Stock-based compensation expense for these awards is based on a performance measurement of . The compensation expense will not be reversed if the performance metrics are not met. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In November 2013, the Company adopted the Company's 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP"). The ESPP is designed to enable eligible employees to periodically purchase shares of the Company's common stock at a discount through payroll deductions of up to of their eligible compensation, subject to any plan limitations. At the end of each offering period, employees are able to purchase shares at a price per share equal to of the lower of the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the first trading day of the offering period or on the last trading day of the offering period. Offering periods generally commence and end in May and November of each year. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has reserved shares of its common stock for issuance under the ESPP. The ESPP has an evergreen provision pursuant to which the share reserve will automatically increase on January 1 st of each year in an amount equal to of the total number of shares of capital stock outstanding on December 31 st of the preceding calendar year, although the Company s board of directors may provide for a lesser increase, or no increase, in any year. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 Sales and marketing Technology and development General and administrative Merger, acquisition, and restructuring costs Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million of tax expense on stock-based compensation expense related to 2022, which was reflected in the provision (benefit) for income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, tax benefit realized related to awards vested or exercised during 2022 was million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized million of tax benefit on stock-based compensation expense related to 2021 and years prior, which was reflected in the provision (benefit) for income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2021, tax benefit realized related to awards vested or exercised during 2021 and years prior was million. Due to the full valuation allowance provided on its net deferred tax assets, the Company had t recorded any tax benefit attributable to stock-based awards for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Note 13 
 Personnel related (severance and one-time termination benefit costs) Non-cash stock-based compensation (double-trigger acceleration and severance) Impairment costs of abandoned technology Loss contracts (lease related) Total merger, acquisition, and restructuring costs 
 Accrued restructuring costs related to mergers and acquisitions were million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively and were primarily related to the SpotX Acquisition, the SpringServe Acquisition, and the Telaria Merger. Accrued restructuring costs associated with personnel costs are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and accruals related to assumed loss contracts are included in other current liabilities and other liabilities, non-current on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Restructuring costs (personnel related and non-cash stock-based compensation) Restructuring activity, merger and acquisition loss contracts Restructuring activity, impairments Cash paid for restructuring costs ) ) ) Non-cash loss contracts (lease related) ) Non-cash impairments ) Non-cash stock-based compensation ) ) ) Accrued merger, acquisition, and restructuring costs at end of period 

Note 14 ) ) International Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) State Foreign Total current provision Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred benefit ) ) ) Total provision (benefit) for income taxes ) ) 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to an income tax benefit of million and income tax expense of million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily the result of the domestic valuation allowance on the Company's deferred tax asset and the tax liability associated with foreign subsidiaries. The tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily the result of the deferred tax liability associated with acquisitions that occurred during the year and the tax liability associated with foreign subsidiaries. The tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily the result of the domestic valuation allowance and the tax liability associated with the foreign subsidiaries. 
 
 State income taxes, net of federal benefit ) Foreign loss at other than U.S. rates ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense ) Meals and entertainment ) ) ) Other permanent items ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Sec 162(m) officers compensation ) ) ) Provision to return adjustments Research and development tax credits Foreign withholding taxes ) Effective income tax rate ) 
 
 Lease liabilities Stock-based compensation Net operating loss carryovers Tax credit carryovers Other Total deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred Tax Liabilities: Fixed assets ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Right of use lease asset ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets (liability) ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the net deferred tax liability of million is presented in the Company's consolidated balance sheets as deferred tax liabilities, net of million and other assets, non-current of million. As of December 31, 2021, the net deferred tax liability of million is presented in the Company's consolidated balance sheets as deferred tax liabilities, net of million and other assets, non-current of million. The valuation allowance was increased by million for the year 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 million, and increased by million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, of approximately million, which will begin to expire in 2027. At December 31, 2022, the Company had state NOLs of approximately million, which will begin to expire in 2023. At December 31, 2022, the Company had foreign NOLs of approximately million, which will begin to expire in 2026. At December 31, 2022, the Company had acquired federal research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately million, and state research and development tax credits of approximately million, both of which carry forward indefinitely. No amounts for any federal or state research and development tax credits for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021, or 2022 related to business operations are included herein. 
 On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA into law. The IRA includes a new corporate alternative minimum tax (the Corporate AMT of 15 on the adjusted financial statement income (the AFSI of corporations with average AFSI exceeding 1.0 billion over a three-year period. The Corporate AMT is effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022 and is not expected to impact the Company. Additionally, the IRA imposes an excise tax of 1 on the fair market value of net stock repurchases made after December 31, 2022. The impact of this latter provision to the Company will be dependent upon the extent of share repurchases made in future periods. 
 In addition, various foreign jurisdictions where the Company has activity have enacted or are considering enacting a variety of measures that could impact our tax liabilities. The Company is monitoring new legislation and evaluating the potential tax implications of these measures globally. 
 Pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, the Company and Telaria, Inc. both underwent ownership changes for tax purposes (i.e. a more than 50 change in stock ownership in aggregated 5 shareholders) on April 1, 2020 due to the Telaria Merger. As a result, the use of the Company s total domestic NOL carryforwards and tax credits generated prior to the ownership change will be subject to annual use limitations under Section 382 and Section 383 of the Code and comparable state income tax laws. The Company believes that the ownership change will not impact its ability to utilize substantially all of its NOLs and state research and development carryforward tax credits to the extent it will generate taxable income that can be offset by such losses. The Company reasonably expects its federal research and development carryforward tax credits will not be recovered prior to expiration. 
 Additionally, for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act limits the NOL deduction to 80 of taxable income, repeals carryback of all NOLs arising in a tax year ending after 2017, and permits indefinite carryforward for all such NOLs. NOL s arising in a tax year ending in or before 2017 can offset 100 of taxable income, are available for carryback, and expire 20 years after they arise. 
 At December 31, 2022, unremitted earnings of the subsidiaries outside of the United States were approximately million, on which the Company recorded a provisional transition tax of million. The Company s intention is to indefinitely reinvest these earnings outside the United States. Upon distribution of those earnings in the form of a dividend or otherwise, the Company would be subject to withholding taxes payable to various foreign countries and, potentially, various state taxes. The amounts of such tax liabilities that might be payable upon actual repatriation of foreign earnings, after consideration of corresponding foreign tax credits, are not material. 
 
 Increases related to current year tax positions Decreases related to prior year tax positions ) Increases related to prior year tax positions Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Increases related to current year tax positions Decreases related to prior year tax positions ) Increases related to prior year tax positions Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Interest and penalties related to the Company s unrecognized tax benefits accrued at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were not material. 
 Due to the net operating loss carryforwards, the Company's United States federal and a majority of its state returns are open to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and state jurisdictions for all years since inception. The 2017 U.S. Income Tax 
 100 

Table of Contents 

Note 15 
 year to years. The weighted average remaining lease term of leases included in lease liabilities is years and years as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, a weighted average discount rate of and , respectively, were applied to the remaining lease payments to calculate the lease liabilities included within the consolidated balance sheets. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized million, million and million of lease expense, respectively, which included operating lease expenses associated with leases included in the lease liability and ROU asset on the consolidated balance sheets. In addition, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized expenses of million, million and million, respectively, for cloud-based services and other lease costs related to data centers and million, million and million, respectively, of lease expense related to short-term leases that are not included in the ROU asset or lease liability balances. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments (undiscounted) Less: imputed interest ) Lease liabilities total (discounted) 
 The Company also received rental income of million, million, and million for real estate leases for which it subleases the property to a third party during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Rental income is included in other income in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 In addition to the lease liabilities included in these consolidated financial statements at December 31, 2022, during 2022, the Company entered into agreements for office space that have not commenced as of December 31, 2022, and is therefore, not included in the lease liability on the balance sheet. The Company has future commitments totaling million with a weighted average term of years. 
 As part of the April 30, 2021 acquisition of SpotX, the Company acquired finance leases related primarily to computer equipment and network hardware. These finance leases are included in lease liabilities - current portion for million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and lease liabilities, non-current in the amount of million as of December 31, 2021. There were amounts of lease liabilities, non-current as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 Note 16 
 million and million, respectively, of letters of credit associated with office leases available for borrowing, on which there were no outstanding borrowings as of either date. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into non-cancelable contractual obligations with various parties, primarily related to software services agreements and data center providers that are not included in the Company's lease liability obligations and ROU assets. 
 2024 2025 Total 
 Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, the Company has an agreement for third-party cloud-managed services containing commitments that are variable in nature. Under this agreement, the Company has a non-cancelable minimum spend commitment from July 2023 to June 2025 based on actual spend, as defined in the agreement, with the third-party provider from July 2022 to June 2023. The estimated non-cancelable minimum annual obligation is approximately million in each twelve-month period (i.e., July 2023 to June 2024 and July 2024 to June 2025), based on spend in the six months ended December 31, 2022. Per the agreement, the commitment from July 2023 to June 2025 will generally increase as the amount of spend during the period from July 2022 to June 2023 increases. Because the Company expects to continue to spend under this agreement through June 2023, the Company also expects that the minimum future commitment will likely increase as a result of the higher level of spend. 
 Guarantees and Indemnification 
 The Company s agreements with sellers, buyers, and other third parties typically obligate the Company to provide indemnity and defense for losses resulting from claims of intellectual property infringement, damages to property or persons, business losses, or other liabilities. Generally, these indemnity and defense obligations relate to the Company s own business operations, obligations, and acts or omissions. However, under some circumstances, the Company agrees to indemnify and defend contract counterparties against losses resulting from their own business operations, obligations, and acts or omissions, or the business operations, obligations, and acts or omissions of third parties. For example, because the Company s business interposes the Company between buyers and sellers in various ways, buyers often require the Company to indemnify them against acts and omissions of sellers, and sellers often require the Company to indemnify them against acts and omissions of buyers. In addition, the Company s agreements with sellers, buyers, and other third parties typically include provisions limiting the Company s liability to the counterparty, and the counterparty s liability to the Company. These limits sometimes do not apply to certain liabilities, including indemnity obligations. These indemnity and limitation of liability provisions generally survive termination or expiration of the agreements in which they appear. The Company has also entered into indemnification agreements with its directors, executive officers and certain other officers that will require the Company, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors, officers, or employees. No material demands have been made upon the Company to provide indemnification under such agreements and there are no claims that the Company is aware of that could have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 Litigation 
 The Company and its subsidiaries may from time to time be parties to legal or regulatory proceedings, lawsuits and other claims incident to their business activities and to the Company s status as a public company. Such matters may include, among other things, assertions of contract breach or intellectual property infringement, claims for indemnity arising in the course of the Company s business, regulatory investigations or enforcement proceedings, and claims by persons whose employment has been terminated. Such matters are subject to many uncertainties, and outcomes are not predictable with assurance. Consequently, management is unable to ascertain the ultimate aggregate amount of monetary liability, amounts which may be covered by insurance or recoverable from third parties, or the financial impact with respect to such matters as of December 31, 2022. However, based on management s knowledge as of December 31, 2022, management believes that the final resolution of these matters known at such 
 102 

Table of Contents 

Note 17 
 Less: Unamortized debt issuance cost ) ) Net Term Loan B Facility Less: Unamortized discount and debt issuance cost ) ) Net Less: Current portion ) ) Total non-current debt 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total (discounted) 
 Amortization of the debt issuance cost and the discount associated with our indebtedness totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization of debt issuance costs is computed using the effective interest method and is included in interest expense. In addition, amortization of deferred financing costs was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Deferred financing costs are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets, non-current assets. Amortization of debt issuance cost and discount as well as amortization of deferred financing costs were for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Bank Loan 
 On September 25, 2020, the Company amended and restated its loan and security agreement with Silicon Valley Bank ("SVB") (the "Loan Agreement"), which was scheduled to expire on September 26, 2020. The Loan Agreement provides a senior secured revolving credit facility of up to the lesser of million and of eligible accounts receivable, with a maturity date of September 25, 2022. The Loan Agreement includes a letter of credit, foreign exchange and cash management facility with a sublimit up to million. On April 30, 2021, the Company entered into the Credit Agreement. In connection with entering into the Credit Agreement, the Loan Agreement with SVB was terminated on April 30, 2021. As of the termination date, there were no amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement. 

103 

Table of Contents 

 million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes in a private placement, including million aggregate principal amount of such notes pursuant to the exercise in full of the over-allotment options of the initial purchasers (collectively, the "Convertible Senior Notes"). The Convertible Senior Notes will mature on March 15, 2026, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. The total net proceeds from the offering, after deducting debt issuance costs paid by the Company, were approximately million. The Company used approximately million of the net proceeds from the offering to pay for the Capped Call Transactions (as described below). 
 The Convertible Senior Notes are senior, unsecured obligations and are (i) equal in right of payment with the existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to any of the Company s future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the Convertible Senior Notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness, including amounts outstanding under our Loan Agreement or our new Credit Agreement (see section below); and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, and (to the extent we are not a holder thereof) preferred equity, if any, of the Company s subsidiaries that do not guarantee the Convertible Senior Notes. 
 The Convertible Senior Notes accrue interest at per annum payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2021. The Convertible Senior Notes will mature on March 15, 2026 unless they are redeemed, repurchased or converted prior to such date. The Convertible Senior Notes are convertible at the option of holders only during certain periods and upon satisfaction of certain conditions. 
 Holders have the right to convert their notes (or any portion of a note in an authorized denomination), in the following circumstances: (i) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2021, if the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock exceeds of the conversion price for each of at least trading days during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter; (ii) during the consecutive business days immediately after any consecutive trading day period (such ten consecutive trading day period, the "measurement period") in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; (iii) upon the occurrence of certain corporate events or distributions on the Company s common stock; (iv) if the Company calls such Convertible Senior Notes for redemption; and (v) on or after September 15, 2025, until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, holders of the Convertible Senior Notes may, at their option, convert all or a portion of their Convertible Senior Notes regardless of the foregoing conditions at any time from, and including, September 15, 2025 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. 
 Upon conversion, the Convertible Senior Notes may be settled in shares of the Company s common stock, cash or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock, at the Company s election. All conversions with a conversion date that occurs on or after September 15, 2025 will be settled using the same settlement method, and the Company will send notice of such settlement method to noteholders no later than the open of business on September 15, 2025. 
 The Company may not redeem the Convertible Senior Notes at their option at any time before March 20, 2024. Subject to the terms of the indenture agreement, the Company has the right, at its election, to redeem all, or any portion (subject to the partial redemption limitation) in an authorized denomination, of the Convertible Senior Notes, at any time, and from time to time, on a redemption date on or after March 20, 2024 and on or before the 40th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, for cash, but only if the "last reported sale price," as defined under the Offering Memorandum, per share of common stock exceeds of the conversion price on (i) each of at least trading days, during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends the related redemption notice; and (ii) the trading day immediately before the date we send such notice. In addition, calling any note for redemption will constitute a "make-whole fundamental change" (as defined below) with respect to that note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted after it is called for redemption. If the Company elects to redeem less than all of the outstanding notes, then the redemption will not constitute a make-whole fundamental change with respect to the notes not called for redemption, and holders of the notes not called for redemption will not be entitled to an increased conversion rate for such notes as described above on account of the redemption, except to the limited extent described further below. No sinking fund is provided for the Convertible Senior Notes, which means that the Company is not required to redeem or retire the Convertible Senior Notes periodically. 
 If a fundamental change occurs, then each noteholder will have the right to require the Company to repurchase its notes (or any portion thereof in an authorized denomination) for cash on a date (the "fundamental change repurchase date") of the Company s choosing, which must be a business day that is no more than , nor less than , business days after the date the Company distributes the related fundamental change notice. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 of the aggregate principal amount of notes then outstanding, by written notice to the Company and the trustee, may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the notes then outstanding to become due and payable immediately. 
 The Convertible Senior Notes have an initial conversion rate of 15.6539 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes, which will be subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments in certain circumstances. 
 In connection with the pricing of the Convertible Senior Notes, the Company entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with various financial institutions (the "Capped Call Transactions"). The Capped Call Transactions were entered into with third party broker-dealers to limit the potential dilution that would occur if the Company has to settle the conversion value in excess of the principal in shares. This exposure will be covered (i.e., the Company will receive as many shares as are required to be issued between the conversion price of and the maximum price of ). Any shares required to be issued by the Company over this amount would have net earnings per share dilution impact. By entering into the Capped Call Transactions, the Company expects to reduce the potential dilution to its common stock (or, in the event the conversion is settled in cash, to reduce its cash payment obligation) in the event that at the time of conversion its stock price exceeds the conversion price under the Convertible Senior Notes. The Company paid million for the Capped Call Transactions, which was recorded as additional paid-in capital, using a portion of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Convertible Senior Notes. The cost of the Capped Call Transactions is not expected to be tax deductible as the Company did not elect to integrate the capped call into the Convertible Senior Notes for tax purposes. The cost of the Capped Call Transaction was recorded as a reduction of the Company s additional paid-in capital in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 The Company incurred debt issuance costs of million in March 2021. The Convertible Senior Notes are presented net of issuance costs on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. The debt issuance costs are amortized on an effective interest basis over the term of the Convertible Senior Notes and are included in interest expense and amortization of debt discount in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest expense Effective interest rate 
 2024 2025 2026 Total 

million senior secured term loan facility ("Term Loan B Facility") and a million senior secured revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Credit Facility"). As part of the Term Loan B Facility, the Company received million in proceeds, net of discounts and fees, which were used to finance the SpotX Acquisition and related transactions, and for general corporate purposes. Loans, if any, under the Revolving Credit Facility are expected to be used for general corporate purposes. The obligations under the 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 per annum, or ABR (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus a margin of , and (2) for the Revolving Credit Facility, at the Company s election, the Eurodollar Rate plus a margin of to , or ABR plus a margin of to , in each case, depending on the Company s first lien net leverage ratio. As of December 31, 2022, the contractual interest rate related to the Term Loan B Facility was . 
 The covenants of the Credit Agreement include customary negative covenants that, among other things, restrict the Company s ability to incur additional indebtedness, grant liens and make certain acquisitions, investments, asset dispositions and restricted payments. In addition, the Credit Agreement contains a financial covenant, tested on the last day of any fiscal quarter if utilization of the Revolving Credit Facility exceeds of the total revolving commitments, that requires the Company to maintain a first lien net leverage ratio not greater than to 1.00. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with its debt covenants. 
 The Credit Agreement includes customary events of default, and customary rights and remedies upon the occurrence of any event of default thereunder, including rights to accelerate the loans, terminate the commitments thereunder and realize upon the collateral securing the obligations under the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement calls for customary scheduled loan amortization payments of of the initial principal balance payable quarterly (i.e. in aggregate per year) as well as a provision that requires the Company to prepay the Term Loan B based on an annual calculation of cumulative free cash flow ("Excess Cash Flow") generated by the company as defined within the terms of the Agreement. The Company was not required to make any such mandatory prepayment required by the Excess Cash Flow provision for the period ended December 31, 2022. In addition, the Credit Agreement will mature in the event that any portion of the Convertible Senior Notes remains outstanding days prior to the maturity date of the Convertible Senior Notes. 
 On June 28, 2021, the Company entered into an Incremental Assumption Agreement (the "Incremental Agreement") to the Credit Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Incremental Agreement, the Company s existing revolving credit facility under the Credit Agreement was increased by million (the "Incremental Revolver"), and the letter of credit sublimit under the Credit Agreement was increased by million. The Incremental Revolver bears the same interest rate as the existing revolving credit facility and has the same maturity date as the existing revolving credit facility. No other terms of the Credit Agreement were amended. As a result, amounts available under the Revolving Credit Facility were million. At December 31, 2022, amounts available under the Revolving Credit Facility were million, net of letters of credit outstanding in the amount of million. 
 Unamortized debt discounts ) ) Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Debt, net of debt discounts and issuance costs 
 The Company incurred debt issuance costs of million in April 2021, of which million were associated with debt discount netted against the proceeds and million were associated with other deferred financing costs associated with the Term Loan B Facility. Debt outstanding under the Term Loan B Facility are presented net of issuance costs on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. The debt issuance costs are amortized on an effective interest basis over the term of the Term Loan B Facility and are included in interest expense and amortization of debt discount in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 Amortization of debt discount Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest expense Effective interest rate 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

Note 18 
 million of its common stock over the twelve month period commencing December 10, 2021. In November 2022, the Board of Directors approved an extension of the 2021 Repurchase Plan through December 15, 2023. Under the 2021 Repurchase Plan, shares were purchased in open market purchases through December 31, 2022 for a total of approximately million at an average of per share. In February 2023, the 2021 Repurchase Plan was replaced by the 2023 Repurchase Plan (Note 20). For accounting purposes, common stock repurchases under our stock repurchase program are recorded based upon the purchase date of the applicable trade. Repurchased shares are accounted for as treasury stock in the consolidated balance sheets and have all been subsequently retired. 

Note 19 

107 

Table of Contents 

 Note 20 
 restricted stock units, stock options, and performance stock units to the Company's employees. The options granted will vest over from grant date, with vesting after and the remainder vesting monthly thereafter. The RSUs granted will vest over from issuance with after , and the remainder vesting quarterly thereafter. Between and of the performance stock units will vest on the third anniversary of its grant date based on certain stock price performance metrics. 
 On January 19, 2023, the Company announced that it would be reducing its global workforce by approximately . The reduction in force is primarily associated with the elimination of duplicative roles resulting from the integration of the Company's CTV platforms and the realization of acquisition operating cost synergies. 
 On February 16, 2023, the Company's Board of Directors approved a repurchase plan (the "2023 Repurchase Plan"), pursuant to which the Company is authorized to purchase up to an aggregate of million of common stock or Convertible Senior Notes through February 16, 2025. The 2023 Repurchase Plan allows the Company to repurchase its common stock or Convertible Senior Notes using open market stock purchases, privately negotiated transactions, block trades or other means in accordance with U.S. securities laws. The number of shares or notes repurchased and the timing of repurchases will depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, price, trading volume and general market conditions, along with working capital requirements, general business conditions, other opportunities that the Company may have for the use or investment of its capital and other factors. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to repurchase any particular amount of common stock or notes and may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time at the Company s discretion. The Company intends to finance the repurchase program through cash on hand. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives of ensuring that information we are required to disclose in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures, and is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. There is no assurance that our disclosure controls and procedures will operate effectively under all circumstances. Based upon the evaluation described above, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act). 
 Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in "Internal Control - Integrated Framework" (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Deloitte Touche LLP has independently assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and its report is included under "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Management recognizes that a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud or error, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by Item 10 will be included in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "2023 Proxy Statement") to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, or the 2023 Proxy Statement, under the headings "Proposal 1 Election of Directors," "Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports," (if applicable) and "Corporate Governance" and is incorporated herein by reference. 

109 

Table of Contents 

 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings "Executive Officers" and "Executive Compensation" and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the heading "Common Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings "Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions" and "Director Independence" and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the heading "Proposal 2 Ratification of the Selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) We have filed the following documents as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 63 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 65 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 66 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 69 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 71 

2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 No financial statement schedules are provided because the information called for is not required or is shown in the financial statements of the notes thereto. 
 
 3. Exhibits 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 Number Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 19, 2019, by and among The Rubicon Project, Inc., Madison Merger Corp., and Telaria, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 20, 2019). 
 2.2 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2021, by and between Magnite, Inc., RTL US Holdings, Inc., and solely for certain sections therein, RTL Group S.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 5, 2021). 
 2.3 Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2021, by and among Magnite, Inc., RTL US Holding, Inc., and RTL Group S.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 10, 2021). 
 3.1 Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 15, 2014). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Magnite, Inc., dated June 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 10, 2020). 
 3.3 Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Magnite, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 22, 2022). 
 3.3 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Magnite, Inc., dated June 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 10, 2020). 
 4.1 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 25, 2021). 
 4.2 Indenture, dated as of March 18, 2021, between Magnite, Inc., the guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 19, 2021). 
 4.3 Form of 0.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.2) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 19, 2021). 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 10.1+ The Rubicon Project, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan and forms of agreements for employees thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Commission on March 20, 2014). 
 10.2+ The Rubicon Project, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 8, 2016). 
 10.3+ Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Award Agreement for Employees under The Rubicon Project, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(B) to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 6, 2015). 
 10.4+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Award Agreement for Employees under The Rubicon Project, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(C) to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 6, 2015). 
 10.5+ Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under The Rubicon Project, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(D) to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 6, 2015). 
 10.6+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under The Rubicon Project, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(E) to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 6, 2015). 
 10.7+ The Rubicon Project, Inc. 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated on July 26, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on November 7, 2018). 
 10.8+ The Rubicon Project, Inc. 2014 Inducement Grant Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 8, 2016). 
 10.9+ Telaria, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrants Registration Statement on Form S-8, dated April 9, 2020) 
 10.10+ Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Commission on March 20, 2014). 
 10.11+ Form of Executive Severance and Vesting Acceleration Agreement by and between the Registrant and certain of its executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Registrants Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 27, 2020). 
 10.12+ Executive Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Michael Barrett, dated March 16, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 22, 2017). 
 10.13+ Executive Severance and Vesting Acceleration Agreement between the Registrant and Michael Barrett, dated March 16, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 22, 2017). 
 10.14+ Executive Severance and Vesting Acceleration Agreement between the Registrant and Aaron Saltz, dated April 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 10, 2020). 
 10.15 Office Lease between BRE HH Property Owner LLC and Magnite, Inc., dated November 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 25, 2021). 
 10.16 Sublease between Zillow Group, Inc. and Magnite, Inc., dated September 21, 2021 (in corporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 23, 202 2). 
 10.17 Form of Capped Call Transaction Confirmation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 19, 2021). 
 10.18 Credit Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2021, by and among Magnite, Inc., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative and collateral agent, and the other lender parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 10, 2021). 
 10.19 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2021, by and between Magnite, Inc. and RTL US Holding, Inc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 10, 2021). 

Table of Contents 

 10.20 Incremental Assumption Agreement dated as of June 28, 2021, relating to the Credit Agreement dated as of April 30, 2021, among Magnite, Inc., each Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender, the other Lenders party thereto and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent and as collateral agent for the Lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 2, 2021). 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries. 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 32 (1) Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.ins XBRL Instance Document- the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.sch XBRL Taxonomy Schema Linkbase Document 101.cal XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 101.def XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 101.lab XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 101.pre XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith 
 + Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 
 (1) The information in this exhibit is furnished and deemed not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Magnite, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 MAGNITE, INC. (Registrant) 
 /s/ David Day 
 David Day 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date February 22, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 
 Name Title Date /s/ Michael Barrett President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 22, 2023 Michael Barrett /s/ David Day Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 22, 2023 David Day /s/ Brian Gephart Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 22, 2023 Brian Gephart /s/ Paul Caine Director 
 February 22, 2023 Paul Caine /s/ Robert J. Frankenberg Director 
 February 22, 2023 Robert J. Frankenberg /s/ Sarah P. Harden Director 
 February 22, 2023 Sarah P. Harden /s/ Doug Knopper Director 
 February 22, 2023 Doug Knopper /s/ Rachel Lam Director 
 February 22, 2023 Rachel Lam /s/ David Pearson Director 
 February 22, 2023 David Pearson /s/ James Rossman Director 
 February 22, 2023 James Rossman /s/ Robert F. Spillane Director 
 February 22, 2023 Robert F. Spillane /s/ Lisa L. Troe Director 
 February 22, 2023 Lisa L. Troe /s/ Diane Yu Director 
 February 22, 2023 Diane Yu 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 exhibit211-listofsubsidiar.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 Magnite Australia PTY Limited Magnite Servicos De Internet Ltda Magnite SARL Magnite GmbH 
 Magnite AB Magnite S.R.L. Magnite K.K. Magnite Netherlands B.V. Magnite Singapore Pte Ltd. Magnite Ltd Magnite Canada, Inc. SlimCut Media Canada Inc. Magnite Apex, Inc. 
 Magnite Advertising Solutions India Private Limited 5 Moon Media LLC Magnite Bell, Inc. Rubicon Project Unlatch, Inc. Magnite Hopper, Inc. Rubicon Project Daylight, Inc. Project Daylight, LLC The Rubicon Project Canada ULC Telaria Ltd. Magnite Holdings Pty Ltd Magnite CTV Pty Ltd Telaria (Singapore) Pte Ltd Telaria SDN. BHD. Magnite CTV (NZ) Limited SpringServe, Inc. SpotX Limited SpotX Australia Pty Ltd SpotX Japan G.K. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 exhibit23112-31x2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-195972, 333-201174, 333-204012, 333-219563, 333-237613, and 333-263222 on Form S-8 of our report dated February 22, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Magnite, Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of Magnite, Inc. s internal controls over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit31112-31x2022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 pursuant to 
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), 
 as adopted pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Michael Barrett, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Magnite, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Signature s Michael Barrett Date February 22, 2023 Michael Barrett 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit31212-31x2022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 pursuant to 
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), 
 as adopted pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, David Day, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Magnite, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Signature s David Day Date February 22, 2023 David Day 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 exhibit3212-31x2022.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), Michael Barrett, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of Magnite, Inc. (the Company ), and David Day, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge 
 
 1. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, to which this certification is attached as Exhibit 32 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 s Michael Barrett Michael Barrett 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 s David Day David Day 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certifications are being furnished pursuant to 13 U.S.C. Section 1350. They are not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mgni-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mgni-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mgni-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mgni-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mgni-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

