<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_1259429_0001213900-23-022433.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>33425461</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>441622</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3214642</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>17208048</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3316076</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8639416</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-022433.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230323161328
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-022433
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Oxford Square Capital Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001259429
		IRS NUMBER:				200118736
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00638
		FILM NUMBER:		23756357

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8 SOUND SHORE DR
		STREET 2:		SUITE 255
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06830
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2039835275

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8 SOUND SHORE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 255
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06830

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Oxford Street Capital Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180319

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TICC Capital Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071203

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TECHNOLOGY INVESTMENT CAPITAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030812

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-022433.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 ea149525_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
		 _______________________________ 
		 FORM 
		 _______________________________ 
		 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
		 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 
		 OR 
		 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
		 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 
		 _______________________________ 
		 
		 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
		 _______________________________ 
		 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 (State of Incorporation) 	 	 	 	 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 	 	 	 
		 , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
		 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
		 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
		 	 	 	 Title of Each Class 	 	 	 	 Trading Symbol(s) 	 	 	 	 Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Global Select Market LLC 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Global Select Market LLC 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Global Select Market LLC 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Global Select Market LLC 	 	 	 
		 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
		 _______________________________ 
		 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes . 
		 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes . 
		 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No . 
		 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
		 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
		 	 	 	 	 	 	 Large accelerated filer 	 	 	 	 Accelerated filer 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Smaller reporting company 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Emerging growth company 	 	 	 
		 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
		 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
		 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
		 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No . 
		 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 USC. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No . 
		 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 30, 2022, based on the closing price on that date of 3.64 on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, was . For the purposes of calculating this amount only, all directors and executive officers of the Registrant have been treated as affiliates. There were shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding as of March 17, 2023. 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS 

1 

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

25 

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

58 

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES 

58 

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

58 

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

58 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

59 

ITEM 6. 

[RESERVED] 

63 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

63 

ITEM 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

81 

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

F-1 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

83 

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

83 

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

83 

ITEM 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

83 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

84 

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

87 

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

88 

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

90 

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

92 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

93 

ITEM 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

95 

SIGNATURES 

96 

i 

PART I 
		 Item 1. Business 
		 
		 Our capital is generally used by our corporate borrowers to finance organic growth, acquisitions, recapitalizations and working capital. Our investment decisions are based on extensive analysis of potential portfolio companies business operations supported by an in -depth understanding of the quality of their recurring revenues and cash flow, variability of costs and the inherent value of their assets, including proprietary intangible assets and intellectual property. In making our CLO investments, we consider the indenture structure for that vehicle, its operating characteristics and compliance with its various indenture provisions, as well as its corporate loan -based collateral pool. 
		 We generally expect to invest between 5.0 million and 50.0 million in each of our portfolio investments, although this investment size may vary as the size of our capital base changes and market conditions warrant. We invest in both fixed and variable interest rate structures. We expect that our investment portfolio will be diversified among a large number of investments with few investments, if any, exceeding 5 of the total portfolio. 
		 The structures of our investments will vary and we seek to invest across a wide range of different industries. We seek to invest in entities that, as a general matter, have been operating for at least one year prior to the date of our investment and that will, at the time of our investment, have employees and revenues, and which are cash flow positive. Many of these companies are expected to have financial backing provided by other financial or strategic sponsors at the time we make an investment. The portfolio companies in which we invest, however, will generally be considered below investment grade, and their debt securities may in turn be referred to as junk. A portion of our investment portfolio may consist of debt investments for which issuers are not required to make significant principal payments until the maturity of the senior loans, which could result in a substantial loss to us if such issuers are unable to refinance or repay their debt at maturity. In addition, many of the debt securities we hold typically contain interest reset provisions that may make it more difficult for a borrower to repay the loan, heightening the risk that we may lose all or part of our investment. 
		 We also purchase portions of equity and junior debt tranches of CLO vehicles. Substantially all of the CLO vehicles in which we may invest would be deemed to be investment companies under the 1940 Act but for the exceptions set forth in section 3(c)(1) or section 3(c)(7). Other than CLO vehicles, we do not intend to invest, and we would be limited to 15 of our net assets if we did invest, in any types of entities that rely on the exceptions set forth in section 3(c)(1) or section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act. Structurally, CLO vehicles are entities that are formed to originate and or acquire a portfolio of loans. The loans within the CLO vehicle are limited to loans which meet established credit criteria and are subject to concentration limitations in order to limit a CLO vehicle s exposure to a single credit. A CLO vehicle is formed by raising various classes or tranches of debt (with the most senior tranches being rated AAA to the most junior tranches typically being rated BB or B and equity. The tranches of CLO vehicles rated BB or B may be referred to as junk. The equity of a CLO vehicle is generally required to absorb the CLO s losses before any of the CLO s other tranches, yet it also has the lowest level of payment priority among the CLO s tranches; therefore, the equity is typically the riskiest of CLO investments which, if it were rated, may also be referred to as junk. We primarily focus on investing in the junior tranches and the equity of CLO vehicles. The CLO vehicles which we focus on are collateralized primarily by senior secured loans made to companies whose debt is unrated or is rated below investment grade, and generally 

1 

have very little or no direct exposure to real estate, mortgage loans or to pools of consumer -based debt, such as credit card receivables or auto loans. However, there can be no assurance that the collateral securing such senior secured loans would satisfy all of the unpaid principal and interest of our investment in the CLO vehicle in the event of default and the junior tranches, especially the equity tranches, of CLO vehicles are the last tranches to be paid, if at all, in the event of a default. Our investment strategy may also include warehouse facilities, which are early stage CLO vehicles intended to aggregate loans that may be used to form the basis of a traditional CLO vehicle. 
		 We have historically borrowed funds to make investments and may continue to do so. As a result, we are exposed to the risks of leverage, which may be considered a speculative investment technique. Borrowings, also known as leverage, magnify the potential for gain and loss on amounts invested and therefore increase the risks associated with investing in our securities. In addition, the costs associated with our borrowings, including any increase in the advisory fee payable to our investment adviser, Oxford Square Management, LLC Oxford Square Management ), will be borne by our common stockholders. 
		 6.50 Unsecured Notes 
		 On April 12, 2017, we completed an underwritten public offering of approximately 64.4 million in aggregate principal amount of our 6.50 unsecured notes due 2024, or the 6.50 Unsecured Notes. The 6.50 Unsecured Notes will mature on March 30, 2024, and may currently be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option (on or after March 30, 2020). The 6.50 Unsecured Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.50 per year payable quarterly on March 30, June 30, September 30, and December 30 of each year. The 6.50 Unsecured Notes are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the trading symbol OXSQL. 
		 6.25 Unsecured Notes 
		 On April 3, 2019, we completed an underwritten public offering of approximately 44.8 million in aggregate principal amount of our 6.25 unsecured notes due 2026, or the 6.25 Unsecured Notes. The 6.25 Unsecured Notes will mature on April 30, 2026, and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option (on or after April 30, 2022). The 6.25 Unsecured Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.25 per year payable quarterly on January 31, April 30, July 31, and October 31 of each year. The 6.25 Unsecured Notes are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the trading symbol OXSQZ. 
		 5.50 Unsecured Notes 
		 On May 20, 2021, we completed an underwritten public offering of approximately 80.5 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.50 unsecured notes due 2028, or the 5.50 Unsecured Notes. The 5.50 Unsecured Notes will mature on July 31, 2028, and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option (on or after May 31, 2024). The 5.50 Unsecured Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.50 per year payable quarterly on January 31, April 30, July 31, and October 31, of each year. The 5.50 Unsecured Notes are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the trading symbol OXSQG. 
		 ATM Offering 
		 On August 1, 2019, we entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement with Ladenburg Thalmann Co. through which we may offer for sale, from time to time, up to 150.0 million of our common stock through an At -the-Market ATM offering. We did not sell any shares of common stock pursuant to the ATM during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
		 Organizational and Regulatory Structure 
		 Our investment activities are managed by Oxford Square Management. Oxford Square Management is an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ). Oxford Square Management is owned by Oxford Funds, LLC Oxford Funds ), its managing member, and Charles M. Royce, a member of our Board of Directors (the Board who holds a minority, non -controlling interest in Oxford Square Management. Jonathan H. Cohen, our Chief Executive Officer, and Saul B. Rosenthal, our President and Chief Operating Officer, directly or indirectly own or control all of the outstanding equity interests 

2 

of Oxford Funds. Under the investment advisory agreement, we have agreed to pay Oxford Square Management an annual base advisory fee based on our gross assets as well as an incentive fee based on our performance. Refer to Investment Advisory Agreement . 
		 We were founded in July 2003 and completed an initial public offering of shares of our common stock in November 2003. We are a Maryland corporation and a closed -end , non -diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. As a BDC, we are required to meet certain regulatory tests, including the requirement to invest at least 70 of our total assets in eligible portfolio companies. Refer to Regulation as a Business Development Company. In addition, we have elected to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and intend to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 
		 Set forth below is a chart detailing our organizational structure. 
		 
		 Our headquarters are located at 8 Sound Shore Drive, Suite 255, Greenwich, Connecticut and our telephone number is (203) 983 -5275 . 
		 We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). This information is available on our website at http://oxfordsquarecapital.com/ . The information we file with the SEC is available free of charge by contacting us at 8 Sound Shore Drive, Suite 255, Greenwich, CT 06830 or by telephone at (203) 983 -5275 . The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy statements and other information regarding registrants, including us, that file such information electronically with the SEC. The address of the SEC s website is http://www.sec.gov . Information contained on our website or on the SEC s website about us is not incorporated into this report and you should not consider information contained on our website or on the SEC s website to be part of this report. 
		 MARKET OVERVIEW AND OPPORTUNITY 
		 The broader corporate loan and CLO equity markets were volatile in 2022. Significant weakness during the first half of 2022 was followed by a small improvement during the second half of 2022. During the first half of 2022, the S P/LSTA Leveraged Loan Index decreased from a price of 98.64 at the end of December 2021 to 92.16 at the end of June 2022. During this period, lower credit quality loans underperformed higher credit quality loans. The S P/LSTA Leveraged Loan Index ended the year at a price of 92.44 , with lower credit quality loans continuing to underperform higher credit quality loans during the second half of 2022. For the full year, BB rated loan prices decreased 1.66 , B rated loan prices decreased 6.58 , and CCC rated loan prices decreased 19.01 . We believe that the loan market s performance during 2022 was driven by macroeconomic uncertainty as well as significant investment outflows from the loan and CLO asset classes. Moreover, loan market credit quality deteriorated during 2022 as exhibited by an increase in default rates to 0.72 at the end of 2022 versus 0.29 at the end of 2021. This environment presented corporate loan and CLO managers with the opportunity to buy performing assets in the primary and secondary loan markets with sufficient risk adjusted returns, ultimately accruing to the benefit of loan and CLO investments. Additionally, as we execute our corporate loan strategy of focusing primarily on small to medium size broadly syndicated loans, narrowly syndicated loans and private deals, through purchases in both the primary and secondary markets, we remain mindful of maintaining overall portfolio liquidity. We believe this strategy allows us to maintain corporate debt investments which have sufficient liquidity in order to take advantage of market opportunities. 

3 

COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES 
		 We believe that we are well positioned to provide financing to corporate borrowers and structured finance vehicles that, in turn, provide capital to corporate borrowers for the following reasons: 
		 Expertise in credit analysis and monitoring investments; and 
		 Established transaction sourcing network. 
		 Expertise in credit analysis and monitoring investments 
		 While our investment focus is on middle -market companies, we have invested, and in the future will likely continue to invest, in larger and smaller companies and in other investment structures on an opportunistic basis, including CLO investment vehicles. We believe our experience in analyzing middle -market companies and CLO investment structures, as detailed in the biographies of Oxford Square Management s senior investment professionals, affords us a sustainable competitive advantage over lenders with limited experience in investing in these markets. In particular, we have expertise in evaluating the investment merits of middle -market companies as well as the structural features of CLO investments, and monitoring the credit risk of such investments after closing until full repayment. 
		 Jonathan H. Cohen, our Chief Executive Officer, has more than 25 years of experience in debt and equity research and investment. Mr. Cohen has also served as Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Oxford Lane Capital Corp. (NasdaqGS: OXLC), a registered closed -end fund, and as Chief Executive Officer of its investment adviser, Oxford Lane Management, LLC, or Oxford Lane Management, since 2010. Since 2015 and 2018, respectively, Mr. Cohen has also served as Chief Executive Officer of Oxford Gate Management, LLC, or Oxford Gate Management, the investment adviser to Oxford Gate Master Fund, LLC, Oxford Gate, LLC and Oxford Gate (Bermuda), LLC (collectively, the Oxford Gate Funds ), and Oxford Bridge II, LLC. Oxford Bridge II, LLC and the Oxford Gate Funds are private investment funds. Previously, Mr. Cohen managed technology equity research groups at Wit Capital, Merrill Lynch, UBS and Smith Barney. Mr. Cohen is a member of the Board of Trustees of Connecticut College. Mr. Cohen received a B.A. in Economics from Connecticut College and an M.B.A. from Columbia University. 
		 Saul B. Rosenthal, our President and Chief Operating Officer, has more than 20 years of experience in the capital markets, with a focus on middle -market transactions. In addition, Mr. Rosenthal has served as President and a Director of Oxford Lane Capital Corp. (NasdaqGS: OXLC), a registered closed -end fund, and as President of Oxford Lane Management, since 2010. Mr. Rosenthal has also served as President of Oxford Gate Management, the investment adviser to the Oxford Gate Funds and Oxford Bridge II, LLC, since 2015 and 2018, respectively. Mr. Rosenthal was previously an attorney at the law firm of Shearman Sterling LLP. Mr. Rosenthal serves on the board of the National Museum of Mathematics. Mr. Rosenthal received a B.S., magna cum laude, from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, a J.D. from Columbia University Law School, where he was a Harlan Fiske Stone Scholar, and a LL.M. (Taxation) from New York University School of Law. 
		 Joseph Kupka is a Managing Director of Oxford Square Management, and also holds the same position at Oxford Lane Management, the investment adviser to Oxford Lane Capital Corp. and Oxford Gate Management, LLC, the investment adviser to the Oxford Gate Funds and Oxford Bridge II, LLC. Previously, he worked as a risk analyst for First Equity Card Corporation. Mr. Kupka received a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania, where he was the Abel and Bernstein Class of 1945 Scholarship Recipient. 
		 Kevin Yonon is a Managing Director of Oxford Square Management, and also holds the same position at Oxford Lane Management, the investment adviser to Oxford Lane Capital Corp., and Oxford Gate Management, the investment adviser to the Oxford Gate Funds and Oxford Bridge II, LLC. Previously, Mr. Yonon was an Associate at Deutsche Bank Securities and prior to that he was an Analyst at Blackstone Mezzanine Partners. Before joining Blackstone, he worked as an Analyst at Merrill Lynch in the Mergers Acquisitions group. Mr. Yonon received a B.S. in Economics with concentrations in Finance and Accounting from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, where he graduated magna cum laude, and an M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School. 

4 

Established deal sourcing network 
		 Through the investment professionals of Oxford Square Management, we have extensive contacts and sources from which to generate investment opportunities. These contacts and sources include private equity funds, companies, brokers and bankers. We believe that senior professionals of Oxford Square Management have developed strong relationships within the investment community over their years within the banking, investment management and equity research fields. 
		 INVESTMENT PROCESS 
		 Identification 
		 We identify opportunities in the CLO market through our network of brokers, dealers, agent banks, collateral mangers and sponsors that we have worked with for several years. The CLO vehicles which we focus on are collateralized primarily by senior secured loans made to companies whose debt is unrated or is rated below investment grade, and generally have very little or no direct exposure to real estate, mortgage loans or to pools of consumer -based debt, such as credit card receivables or auto loans. 
		 We identify and source new prospective corporate debt investments through brokers, investment banks and direct company relationships. We have identified several criteria that we believe are important in seeking our investment objective. These criteria provide general guidelines for our investment decisions; however, we do not require each prospective investment to meet all or any specific number of these criteria. 
		 Experienced management. We generally require that our portfolio companies have an experienced management team. We also prefer the portfolio companies to have in place proper incentives to induce management to succeed and to act in concert with our interests as investors, including having significant equity interests. 
		 Significant financial or strategic sponsor and/or strategic partner. We prefer to invest in companies in which established private equity or venture capital funds or other financial or strategic sponsors have previously invested and are willing to make an ongoing contribution to the management of the business, including participation as board members or as business advisers. 
		 Strong competitive position in industry. We seek to invest in companies that have developed a competitive position within their respective sector or niche of a specific industry. 
		 Profitable on a cash flow basis. We focus on companies that are profitable or nearly profitable on an operating cash flow basis. Typically, we would not expect to invest in start -up companies. 
		 Clearly defined exit strategy. Prior to making a direct corporate equity investment and/or an investment in a debt security that is accompanied by an equity -based security in a portfolio company, we analyze the potential for that company to increase the liquidity of its common equity through a future event that would enable us to realize appreciation, if any, in the value of our equity interest. Liquidity events may include an initial public offering, a merger or an acquisition of the company, a private sale of our equity interest to a third party, or a purchase of our equity position by the company or one of its stockholders. 
		 Liquidation value of assets. Although we do not operate as an asset -based lender, the prospective liquidation value of the assets, if any, collateralizing the debt securities that we hold is a consideration in our credit analysis. We consider both tangible assets, such as accounts receivable, inventory and equipment, and intangible assets, such as intellectual property, software code, customer lists, networks and databases. 

5 

Due Diligence 
		 Our due diligence process generally includes some or all of the following elements: 
		 Corporate Loans 
		 Management team and financial sponsor 
		 management assessment including a review of management s track record with respect to product development, sales and marketing, mergers and acquisitions, alliances, collaborations, research and development outsourcing and other strategic activities; and 
		 financial sponsor reputation, track record, experience and knowledge (where a financial sponsor is present in a transaction). 
		 Business 
		 industry and competitive analysis; 
		 assessment of likely exit strategies; and 
		 potential regulatory/legal issues. 
		 Financial condition 
		 detailed review of the historical financial performance and the quality of earnings; 
		 development of detailed pro forma financial projections; and 
		 review of assets and liabilities, including contingent liabilities. 
		 Structured Finance Vehicles 
		 review of indenture structures; 
		 review of underlying collateral loans; 
		 analysis of projected future cash flows; and 
		 analysis of compliance with covenants. 
		 Contemporaneous with our due diligence process, the investment team presents the investment proposal to our Investment Committee, which currently consists of Messrs. Cohen and Rosenthal. Our Investment Committee reviews and approves each of our portfolio investments. 
		 Investment Characteristics 
		 In identifying corporate debt investments, we seek to ascertain the asset quality as well as the earnings quality of our prospective portfolio companies. Frequently, we obtain a senior secured position and thus receive a perfected, first or second priority security interest in substantially all of our portfolio companies assets, which entitles us to a preferred position on payments in the event of liquidation. It should be noted, however, that because we are not primarily an asset -based lender, in the current economic environment, the value of collateral and security interests may dissipate rapidly. In addition, in certain investments we seek loan covenants or to participate in syndicated loans that incorporate loan covenants that assist in the early identification of risk. Our loan documents may include affirmative covenants that require the portfolio company to take specific actions such as: periodic financial reporting; notification of material events and compliance with laws; restrictive covenants that prevent portfolio companies from taking a range of significant actions such as incurring additional indebtedness or making acquisitions without our consent; covenants requiring the portfolio company to maintain or achieve specified financial ratios such as debt to cash flow and interest coverage; and operating covenants requiring them to maintain certain operational benchmarks such as minimum revenue or minimum cash flow. Our loan documents also provide protection against customary events of default such as non -payment , breach of covenant, insolvency and change of control. 

6 

In identifying CLO investments, we seek to ascertain the asset quality of the underlying collateral pool, the structural integrity of the CLO liability capital structure, the expected return profile of the CLO equity or debt tranche we are investing in, as well as the quality of the prospective collateral manager. The underlying portfolio of each CLO investment is typically diversified across approximately 100 to 250 broadly syndicated loans which are predominantly 1 st lien senior secured term loans to U.S. corporations. Additionally, these collateral pools typically do not have direct exposure to real estate, mortgages, or consumer -based credit assets. Our investment focus is generally agnostic between the primary and secondary CLO markets. In both markets, we pursue opportunities which we view to have attractive optionality with regards to the ability to refinance or reset the CLO liability capital structure at some point in the future. A CLO reset typically includes an extension of the CLO s reinvestment period in addition to the refinancing of the CLO liabilities. We continue to prefer CLO equity investments which have longer reinvestment periods which may give CLO managers additional time to rebuild collateral value from potential credit losses as well as take advantage of a potential disruption in the broader credit markets. 
		 MONITORING RELATIONSHIPS WITH PORTFOLIO COMPANIES 
		 Monitoring 
		 We monitor the financial trends of each portfolio company to assess the appropriate course of action for each investment and to evaluate overall portfolio quality. We closely monitor the status and performance of each individual company on at least a quarterly and, in some cases, a monthly basis. 
		 We have several methods of evaluating and monitoring the performance of our investments, including but not limited to the following: 
		 assessment of business development success, and the portfolio company s overall adherence to its business plan; and 
		 review of monthly and/or quarterly financial statements and financial projections for portfolio companies. 
		 In addition, we may from time to time identify investments that require closer monitoring or become workout assets. In such cases, we will develop a strategy for workout assets and periodically gauge our progress against that strategy. As a private debt holder, we may incur losses from our investing activities from time to time; however, we attempt, where possible, to work with troubled portfolio companies in order to recover as much of our investments as is practicable. 
		 Portfolio Grading 
		 We have developed a credit grading system to monitor the quality of our debt investment portfolio. We use an investment rating scale of 1 to 5. The following table provides a description of the conditions associated with each debt investment. Equity securities, including CLO equity tranches, are not graded. 

Grade 

Summary Description 

1 

Company is ahead of expectations and/or outperforming financial covenant requirements of the specific tranche and such trend is expected to continue. 

2 

Full repayment of the outstanding amount of OXSQ s cost basis and interest is expected for the specific tranche. 

3 

Closer monitoring is required. Full repayment of the outstanding amount of OXSQ s cost basis and interest is expected for the specific tranche. 

4 

A loss of interest income has occurred or is expected to occur and, in most cases, the investment is placed on non -accrual status. Full repayment of the outstanding amount of OXSQ s cost basis is expected for the specific tranche. 

5 

Full repayment of the outstanding amount of OXSQ s cost basis is not expected for the specific tranche and the investment is placed on non -accrual status. 

7 

Significant Managerial Assistance 
		 As a BDC, we are required to offer significant managerial assistance to portfolio companies. This assistance, were it to be accepted, would typically involve monitoring the operations of portfolio companies, participating in their board and management meetings, consulting with and advising their officers and providing other organizational and financial guidance. 
		 Portfolio Overview 
		 We seek to create a portfolio that includes primarily CLO investments, senior secured loans, senior subordinated and junior subordinated debt investments, as well as warrants and other equity instruments we may receive in connection with such debt investments. We generally expect to invest between 5 million and 50 million in each of our portfolio companies. We expect that our investment portfolio will be diversified among a large number of investments with few investments, if any, exceeding 5 of the total portfolio. 
		 The following is a representative list of the industries in which we have invested: 

Structured Finance 

IT Consulting 

Business Services 

Utilities 

Software 

Healthcare 

Telecommunication Services 

Plastics Manufacturing 

Diversified Insurance 

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we purchased approximately 84.2 million of investments, comprised of approximately 57.0 million in senior secured notes and 27.2 million in CLO equity. As a percentage of fair value of the total invested portfolio as of December 31, 2022, our portfolio was invested approximately 67.2 in senior secured notes, 31.4 in CLO equity, and 1.4 in equity and other investments. 
		 TEN LARGEST PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 Our ten largest portfolio company investments as of December 31, 2022, based on the combined fair value of the debt and equity securities (including CLO side letter related investments) we hold in each portfolio company, were as follows: 

Portfolio Company 

Industry 

Cost (1) 

December 31, 2022 

in millions) 

Fair Value (1) 

Fair Value Percentage of Total Portfolio (1) 

Dryden 43 Senior Loan Fund 

Structured Finance 

28.8 

25.0 

8.0 

Carlyle Global Market Strategies CLO 2021-6, Ltd. 

Structured Finance 

22.1 

16.3 

5.2 

Access CIG, LLC 

Business Services 

16.8 

14.7 

4.7 

Affinion Insurance Solutions, Inc. (f/k/a AIS Intermediate, LLC) 

Diversified Insurance 

14.9 

14.7 

4.7 

Quest Software, Inc. 

Software 

22.7 

14.3 

4.6 

Octagon Investment Partners 49, Ltd. 

Structured Finance 

20.5 

14.0 

4.5 

Dodge Data Analytics, LLC 

Software 

19.7 

13.8 

4.4 

OMNIA Partners, Inc. 

Business Services 

13.8 

13.5 

4.3 

Magenta Buyer, LLC (f/k/a McAfee Enterprise) 

Software 

16.8 

13.4 

4.3 

HealthChannels, Inc. (f/k/a ScribeAmerica, LLC) 

Healthcare 

18.8 

13.2 

4.2 

194.8 

153.0 

48.7 

____________ (1) Totals may not sum due to rounding. 

8 

For a description of the factors relevant to the changes in the value of the above portfolio investments for the year ended December 31, 2022, refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Portfolio Grading. 
		 Set forth below are descriptions of the ten largest portfolio investments as of December 31, 2022: 
		 Dryden 43 Senior Loan Fund 
		 Dryden 43 Senior Loan Fund is a collateralized loan obligation investing primarily in U.S. -based senior secured loans. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 47.3 million remained outstanding on our investment. 
		 Carlyle Global Market Strategies CLO 2021-6, Ltd. 
		 Carlyle Global Market Strategies CLO 2021 -6 , Ltd. is a collateralized loan obligation investing primarily in U.S. -based senior secured loans. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 29.6 million remained outstanding on our investment. 
		 Access CIG, LLC 
		 Access CIG, LLC is a records and documents storage firm. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 16.8 million remained outstanding on our investment in the second lien notes. 
		 Affinion Insurance Solutions, Inc. (f/k/a AIS Intermediate, LLC) 
		 Affinion Insurance Solutions, Inc. is an insurance company that offers insurance, value -added checking programs, customer acquisition solutions, data analysis, multi -channel marketing, direct mail, and online marketing services. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 15.2 million remained outstanding on our investment in the first lien notes. 
		 Quest Software, Inc. 
		 Quest Software, Inc. is an infrastructure software provider. They have five main product/service offerings: platform management, information management, identity management, data protection, and endpoint management. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 3.0 million and 20.0 million remained outstanding on our investment in the first lien notes and second lien notes, respectively. 
		 Octagon Investment Partners 49, Ltd. 
		 Octagon Investment Partners 49, Ltd. is a collateralized loan obligation investing primarily in U.S. -based senior secured loans. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 28.9 million remained outstanding on our investment. 
		 Dodge Data Analytics, LLC 
		 Dodge Data Analytics, LLC provides software solutions. They offer analytics and software -based workflow integration solutions for the construction industry. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 5.0 million and 15.0 million remained outstanding on our investment in the first lien notes and second lien notes, respectively. 
		 OMNIA Partners, Inc. 
		 OMNIA Partners, Inc. provides procurement and supply chain management services. They specialize in commodities, engineered components, raw materials, and other supplies. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 13.8 million remained outstanding on our investment in the second lien notes. 
		 Magenta Buyer, LLC (f/k/a McAfee Enterprise) 
		 Magenta Buyer, LLC provides cyber security services. The Company offers antivirus, cloud, and endpoint security solutions which protects consumers, enterprises, and governments from cyberattacks. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 2.0 million and 15.0 million remained outstanding on our investment in the first lien notes and second lien notes, respectively. 

9 

HealthChannels, Inc. (f/k/a ScribeAmerica, LLC) 
		 HealthChannels, Inc. is a health -care company that offers clerical support services, including electronic medical record documentation, patient engagement, and medical coding to improve clinical outcomes. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 19.0 million remained outstanding on our investment in the first lien notes. 
		 INVESTMENT ADVISORY AGREEMENT 
		 Management Services 
		 Oxford Square Management serves as our investment adviser. Oxford Square Management is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act. Subject to the overall supervision of our Board, Oxford Square Management manages our day -to-day operations and provides investment advisory services to us. Under the terms of our Investment Advisory Agreement with Oxford Square Management (the Investment Advisory Agreement ), Oxford Square Management: 
		 determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; 
		 identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments we make; 
		 closes, monitors and services the investments we make; and 
		 determines what securities we will purchase, retain or sell. 
		 Oxford Square Management s services under the Investment Advisory Agreement are not exclusive, and it is free to furnish similar services to other entities so long as its services to us are not impaired. Oxford Square Management has agreed that, during the term of its Investment Advisory Agreement with us, it will not serve as investment adviser to any other public or private entity that utilizes a principal investment strategy of providing debt financing to middle -market companies similar to those we target. 
		 Advisory Fee 
		 General Terms 
		 We pay Oxford Square Management an advisory fee for its services under the Investment Advisory Agreement consisting of a base advisory fee (the Base Fee and two types of incentive fees. 
		 The Base Fee is payable quarterly in arrears, calculated based on a percentage of the average value of our gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters, and appropriately prorated for any partial quarter. 
		 The incentive fees are commonly referred to as the income incentive fee and the capital gains incentive fee, with the first fee payable quarterly in arrears and the second fee payable in arrears at the end of each calendar year. 
		 The first fee, which we refer to as the Net Investment Income Incentive Fee, is determined by reference to the Company s Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined below). Given that this incentive fee is payable without regard to any gain, loss or unrealized depreciation that may occur during the quarter, Oxford Square Management s incentive fee may be payable notwithstanding a decline in net asset value that quarter. 
		 The second fee, which we refer to as the Capital Gains Incentive Fee, equals 20 of our Incentive Fee Capital Gains, which consists of our realized capital gains for each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation for that calendar year. For accounting purposes under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), the Capital Gains Incentive Fee is based on a hypothetical liquidation of the Company. In such a calculation, in order to reflect the theoretical Capital Gains Incentive Fee that would have been payable for a given period as if all unrealized gains were realized, we will accrue a Capital Gains Incentive Fee based upon net realized gains and unrealized depreciation for that calendar year (in accordance with the terms of the Investment Advisory 

10 

Agreement), plus unrealized appreciation on investments held at the end of the period. It should be noted that a fee so calculated and accrued would not necessarily be payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement, and may never be paid based upon the computation of Capital Gains Incentive Fees in subsequent periods. Amounts paid under the Investment Advisory Agreement will be consistent with the formula in the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
		 The cost of both the Base Fee payable to Oxford Square Management and any incentive fees earned by Oxford Square Management are ultimately borne by our common stockholders. 
		 Calculation of Fees under the Investment Advisory Agreement and 2016 Fee Waiver 
		 The Investment Advisory Agreement specifies the calculation of the advisory fee payable thereunder, as described in greater detail below. However, Oxford Square Management unilaterally determined to waive, under certain circumstances, part of its total fees payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement, pursuant to a fee waiver letter effective April 1, 2016 (the 2016 Fee Waiver ). 
		 The Investment Advisory Agreement provides for a series of calculations to be used in determining the Base Fee and Net Investment Income Incentive Fee payable to Oxford Square Management. The 2016 Fee Waiver operates by providing for a second series of calculations to be run alongside the calculations of the Base Fee and Net Investment Income Incentive Fee under the Investment Advisory Agreement. In the event that the second set of calculations produces a higher combined Base Fee and Net Investment Income Incentive Fee for any quarterly period, those combined fees are set to the original (lower) level, calculated pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement. In the event that the second set of calculations produces lower combined Base Fee and Net Investment Income Incentive Fee for that quarterly period, those lower combined fees are adopted for that quarterly period. In either case, the lower level of combined fees is used for that quarter, and, accordingly, the advisory fee payable to Oxford Square Management can only be reduced, and never increased, as a result of the 2016 Fee Waiver. 
		 Calculation of Fees under the Investment Advisory Agreement. Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, and without applying the 2016 Fee Waiver, the total advisory fee would be calculated as follows: 
		 1) Base Fee : The Base Fee is calculated at an annual rate of 2.00 of our gross assets, and appropriately adjusted for any equity or debt capital raises, repurchases or redemptions during the current calendar quarter. 
		 2) Net Investment Income Incentive Fee : The Net Investment Income Incentive Fee is calculated based on our Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. 
		 a.For this purpose, Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the Base Fee, expenses payable under our administration agreement, and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with payment -in-kind PIK interest, and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 
		 b. Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to one -fourth of an annual hurdle rate. The annual hurdle rate is determined as of the immediately preceding December 31 st by adding 5.0 to the interest rate then payable on the most recently issued five -year U.S. Treasury Notes, up to a maximum annual hurdle rate of 10.0 . The annual hurdle rates for the 2022, 2021 and 2020 calendar years, calculated as of December 31, were approximately 6.26 , 5.36 , and 6.69 , respectively, under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement. Our net investment income (to the extent not distributed to our shareholders) used to calculate the Net Investment Income Incentive Fee was also included in the amount of our gross assets used to calculate the 2.00 Base Fee. 

11 

c. The operation of the incentive fee with respect to our Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for each quarter is as follows: 
		 i. no incentive fee was payable to Oxford Square Management in any calendar quarter in which our Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income did not exceed one fourth of the annual hurdle rate (approximately 6.26 for the 2022 calendar year). 
		 ii. 20 of the amount of our Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds one -fourth of the annual hurdle rate (approximately 6.26 for the 2022 calendar year) in any calendar quarter was payable to Oxford Square Management (i.e., once the hurdle rate is reached, 20 of all Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income thereafter was allocated to Oxford Square Management). 
		 3) Capital Gains Incentive Fee . The Capital Gains Incentive Fee, is determined as described above. 
		 For more information about the calculation of the advisory fee under the Investment Advisory Agreement prior to effectiveness of the 2016 Fee Waiver, refer to our Annual Report on Form 10 -K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. 
		 Calculation of Fees under the 2016 Fee Waiver. Following the effectiveness of the 2016 Fee Waiver, a second set of calculations is applied each quarter, and, if (and only if) those calculations result in a lower total advisory fee (i.e., the combination of the Base Fee and any incentive fees), they are used to calculate the total advisory fee payable to Oxford Square Management for a particular quarter. No individual element of those calculations is applicable by itself only the totality of those calculations is considered. Generally, and as described in greater detail below, under the second set of calculations provided for by the 2016 Fee Waiver: 
		 1) Base Fee : 
		 a. The calculation of the Base Fee component is reduced from 2.00 to 1.50 ; and 
		 b. No Base Fee is calculated on funds received in connection with any capital raises until the funds are invested. 
		 2) Net Investment Income Incentive Fee : 
		 a. The calculation of our Net Investment Income Incentive Fee is revised to include a Total Return Requirement (as defined below). Under the Total Return Requirement, we are only required to pay Oxford Square Management a Net Investment Income Incentive Fee if 20 of the cumulative net increase in net assets resulting from operations (as defined below) during the calendar quarter for which such fees are being calculated and the eleven (11) preceding quarters is greater than the cumulative Net Investment Income Incentive Fees accrued and/or paid over for the same period, even when our net investment income exceeds the minimum return to our stockholders required to be achieved before Oxford Square Management is entitled to receive a Net Investment Income Incentive Fee (which minimum return is commonly referred to as the preferred return or hurdle rate 
		 b. The calculation of our Net Investment Income Incentive Fee incorporates a catch -up provision that provides that Oxford Square Management will receive 100 of our net investment income with respect to that portion of such net investment income, if any, that exceeds the preferred return but is less than 2.1875 quarterly (8.75 annualized) and 20 of any net investment income thereafter; and 
		 c. The hurdle rate used to calculate the Net Investment Income Incentive Fee is changed from a variable rate, based on the five -year U.S. Treasury note plus 5.00 (with a maximum of 10 ), to a fixed rate of 7.00 . 

12 

More specifically, for the purpose of calculating the amount of total advisory fees (if any) to be waived during a particular calendar quarter, the Base Fee and Net Investment Income Incentive Fee are calculated as follows under the 2016 Fee Waiver: 
		 1) Base Fee : The Base Fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.50 , adjusted pro rata for any share issuances, debt issuances, repurchases or redemptions during the current calendar quarter; provided, however, that no Base Fee is payable on the cash proceeds received by us in connection with any share or debt issuances until such proceeds have been invested in accordance with our investment objectives. The Base Fee for any partial month or quarter is pro -rated . 
		 2) Net Investment Income Incentive Fee : The Income Incentive Fee is calculated based on the amount by which (x) the Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined below) for the calendar quarter exceeds (y) the Preferred Return Amount (as defined below) for the calendar quarter. 
		 a. A Preferred Return Amount is calculated on a quarterly basis by multiplying 1.75 by the Company s net asset value at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter. 
		 b. The Net Investment Income Incentive Fee is then calculated as follows: 
		 (i) no Net Investment Income Incentive Fee is payable to Oxford Square Management in any calendar quarter in which the Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed the Preferred Return Amount 
		 (ii) 100 of the Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for such quarter, if any, that exceeds the Preferred Return Amount but is less than or equal to a Catch -Up Amount determined on a quarterly basis by multiplying 2.1875 by OXSQ s net asset value at the end of such calendar quarter; and 
		 (iii) for any quarter in which the Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income exceeds the Catch -Up Amount, the Net Investment Income Incentive Fee will be calculated at the rate of 20 of the amount of the Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for such quarter. 
		 c. There is no accumulation of amounts from quarter to quarter for the Preferred Return Amount, and accordingly there is no claw back of amounts previously paid to Oxford Square Management if the Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for subsequent quarters is below the quarterly Preferred Return Amount . 
		 d. The calculation of the Company s Net Investment Income Incentive Fee is subject to a total return requirement (the Total Return Requirement that provides that a Net Investment Income Incentive Fee will not be payable to Oxford Square Management except to the extent 20 of the cumulative net increase in net assets resulting from operations (which is the amount, if positive, of the sum of the Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, realized gains and losses and unrealized appreciation and depreciation) during the calendar quarter for which such fees are being calculated and the eleven (11) preceding quarters exceeds the cumulative Net Investment Income Incentive Fees accrued and/or paid for such eleven (11) preceding quarters. 
		 3) Capital Gains Incentive Fee . The second part of the incentive fee, the Capital Gains Incentive Fee, is determined as described above. 
		 Example 1: Net Investment Income Portion of Incentive Fee for Each Calendar Quarter (applying 2016 Fee Waiver) 
		 Hypothetical Scenario 1 
		 Quarterly Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 1.25 
		 Quarterly Hurdle rate = 1.75 
		 Base Fee (1) = 0.375 
		 Quarterly Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) = 0.2 

13 

Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (investment income (Base Fee + other expenses)) = 0.675 
		 Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed hurdle rate, therefore there is no income -related incentive fee. 
		 Hypothetical Scenario 2 
		 Quarterly Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 2.50 
		 Quarterly Hurdle rate = 1.75 
		 Base Fee (1) = 0.375 
		 Quarterly Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) = 0.2 
		 Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (investment income (Base Fee + other expenses)) = 1.925 
		 The Total Return Requirement is met (no Net Investment Income Incentive Fee would be payable if the Total Return Requirement were not met). 
		 Incentive fee = 100 Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in excess of the hurdle rate but less than 2.1875 and 20 of any Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income thereafter. 
		 = 100 (1.925 1.75 
		 = 100 0.175 
		 = 0.175 
		 Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 2.1875 . Therefore the income -related incentive fee is 0.175 . 
		 Hypothetical Scenario 3 
		 Quarterly Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 4.00 
		 Quarterly Hurdle rate = 1.75 
		 Base Fee (1) = 0.375 
		 Quarterly Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) = 0.2 
		 Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (investment income (Base Fee + other expenses)) = 3.425 
		 The Total Return Requirement is met (no Net Investment Income Incentive Fee would be payable if the Total Return Requirement were not met). 
		 Incentive fee = 100 Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in excess of the hurdle rate but less than 2.1875 and 20 of any Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income thereafter. 
		 = 100 (2.1875 1.75 + 20 (3.425 2.1875 
		 = 100 0.4375 + 20 1.2375 
		 = 0.4375 + 0.2475 
		 = 0.685 
		 Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income exceeds the hurdle rate and 2.1875 . Therefore the income -related incentive fee is 0.685 . 
		 ____________ (1) Represents 1.50 annualized Base Fee. 

14 

Example 2: Capital Gains Portion of Incentive Fee ) 
		 Capital Gains Incentive Fee = 20 Incentive Fee Capital Gains (i.e., our realized capital gains for each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation for that calendar year). 
		 Hypothetical Scenarios: 
		 Year 1 = no realized capital gains or losses 
		 Year 2 = 9 realized capital gains, 0 realized capital losses, 1 unrealized depreciation and 0 unrealized appreciation 
		 Year 3 = 12 realized capital gains, 0 realized capital losses, 2 unrealized depreciation and 2 unrealized appreciation 

Year 1 incentive fee 

Total Incentive Fee Capital Gains = 0 

No Capital Gains Incentive Fee paid to Oxford Square Management in Year 1 

Year 2 incentive fee 

Total Incentive Fee Capital Gains = 8 

(9 realized capital gains less 1 unrealized depreciation 

Total Capital Gains Incentive Fee paid to Oxford Square Management in Year 2 

= 20 8 

= 1.6 

Year 3 incentive fee 

Total Incentive Fee Capital Gains = 10 

(12 realized capital gains less 2 unrealized depreciation; unrealized appreciation has no effect 

Total Capital Gains Incentive Fee paid to Oxford Square Management in Year 3 

= 20 10 

= 2 

____________ ) The theoretical amounts of returns shown are based on a percentage of our total net assets and assume no leverage. There is no guarantee that positive returns will be realized, and actual returns may vary from those shown in this example. 
		 Payment of our Expenses 
		 Our primary operating expenses are: (i) the payment of advisory fees under the Investment Advisory Agreement, and (ii) the allocable portion of overhead and various other expenses incurred by Oxford Funds on our behalf, including rent and the provision of personnel and facilities. Our investment advisory fee compensates Oxford Square Management for acting as our investment adviser, managing the investment and reinvestment of our assets, and, specifically for its work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, executing and servicing our investments. We bear all other expenses of our operations and transactions, including (without limitation) fees and expenses relating to: 
		 expenses of offering our debt and equity securities; 
		 the investigation and monitoring of our investments, including expenses and travel fees incurred in connection with investment due diligence and on -site visits; 
		 the cost of calculating our net asset value NAV 
		 the cost of effecting sales and repurchases of shares of our common stock and other securities; 
		 investment management and incentive fees payable pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement; 
		 fees payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, making investments and valuing investments (including third -party valuation firms); 
		 transfer agent, trustee and custodial fees; 
		 interest payments and other costs related to our borrowings; 

15 

fees and expenses associated with our website, public relations and marketing efforts (including attendance at industry and investor conferences and similar events); 
		 federal and state registration fees; 
		 any exchange listing fees; 
		 U.S. federal, state and local taxes; 
		 independent directors fees and expenses, including travel expenses, and other costs of the Board s meetings and other costs associated with the performance of independent directors responsibilities; 
		 brokerage commissions; 
		 costs of preparing and mailing proxy statements, stockholders reports and notices, including annual proxy solicitations and shareholder meetings; 
		 costs of preparing government filings, including periodic and current reports with the SEC; 
		 fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance and other insurance premiums; and 
		 direct costs such as printing, mailing, long distance telephone, staff, rent, independent audits and outside legal costs and all other expenses incurred by either Oxford Funds or us in connection with administering our business, including payments under the Administration Agreement that will be based upon our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by Oxford Funds on our behalf under the Administration Agreement, including a portion of the rent and the compensation and related expenses of our Chief Financial Officer, our accounting support staff and other administrative support personnel. Related expenses include but are not limited to employee benefit costs, payroll taxes and travel and training expenses. The costs associated with the functions performed by our Chief Compliance Officer are paid by us pursuant to the terms of an agreement between the Company and ACA Group, a compliance consulting firm. 
		 All of these expenses are ultimately borne by our common stockholders. 
		 All personnel of our investment adviser when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory services, and the compensation and related expenses of such personnel allocable to such services, will be provided and paid for by Oxford Funds, the investment adviser s managing member. 
		 Duration and Termination 
		 Unless earlier terminated as described below, the Investment Advisory Agreement will remain in effect if approved annually by our Board or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, including, in either case, approval by a majority of our directors who are not interested persons as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. On April 21, 2022, the Board of Directors re -approved the Investment Advisory Agreement at an in -person meeting. The Investment Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment. The Investment Advisory Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks relating to our business and structure We are dependent upon Oxford Square Management s key management personnel for our future success, particularly Jonathan H. Cohen and Saul B. Rosenthal. 
		 Indemnification 
		 The Investment Advisory Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of their respective duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of their respective duties and obligations, Oxford Square Management and its officers, managers, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with it, including without limitation Oxford Funds, are entitled to indemnification from OXSQ for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of Oxford Square Management s services under the Investment Advisory Agreement or otherwise as an investment adviser of OXSQ. 

16 

Organization of the Investment Adviser 
		 Oxford Square Management is a Delaware limited liability company that is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act. Oxford Funds, a Delaware limited liability company, is Oxford Square Management s managing member and provides it with all personnel necessary to manage our day -to-day operations and provide the services under the Investment Advisory Agreement. The principal address of Oxford Square Management and of Oxford Funds is 8 Sound Shore Drive, Suite 255, Greenwich, Connecticut 06830. 
		 Oxford Funds is the managing member of Oxford Square Management. Charles M. Royce, a member of our Board, has a minority, non -controlling interest in Oxford Square Management. 
		 ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT 
		 Pursuant to a separate Administration Agreement, Oxford Funds furnishes us with office facilities, together with equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at such facilities. Under the Administration Agreement, Oxford Funds also performs, or oversees the performance of, our required administrative services, which includes being responsible for the financial records which we are required to maintain and preparing reports to our stockholders and reports filed with the SEC. In addition, Oxford Funds assists us in determining and publishing our net asset value, overseeing the preparation and filing of our tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to our stockholders, and generally overseeing the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. Payments under the Administration Agreement are based upon our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by Oxford Funds on our behalf under the Administration Agreement, including a portion of the rent and the compensation of our Chief Financial Officer, our accounting support staff and other administrative support personnel. We also reimburse Oxford Funds for the costs associated with the functions performed by our Chief Compliance Officer that Oxford Funds pays on our behalf pursuant to the terms of an agreement between us and ACA Group. The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party. 
		 The Administration Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of their respective duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of their respective duties and obligations, Oxford Funds and its officers, managers, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from OXSQ for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of Oxford Funds services under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as administrator for OXSQ. 
		 Summary Risk Factors 
		 The risk factors described below are a summary of the principal risk factors associated with an investment in us. These are not the only risks we face. You should carefully consider these risk factors, together with the risk factors set forth in Item 1A. of this Annual Report on Form 10 -K and the other reports and documents filed by us with the SEC. 
		 Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure 
		 Any failure on our part to maintain our status as a business development company would reduce our operating flexibility, including our ability to borrow money. 
		 We are dependent upon Oxford Square Management s key management personnel for our future success, particularly Jonathan H. Cohen and Saul B. Rosenthal. 
		 Our financial condition and results of operations will depend on our ability to manage our existing portfolio and future growth effectively. 
		 Our business and operation could be negatively affected if we become subject to any securities litigation or shareholder activism, which could cause us to incur significant expense, hinder execution of our investment strategy and impact our stock price. 
		 We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities. 

17 

Our business model depends to a significant extent upon strong referral relationships with financial sponsors, and the inability of the senior investment professionals of our investment adviser to maintain or develop these relationships, or the failure of these relationships to generate investment opportunities, could adversely affect our business. 
		 There will be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments, which may impact our net asset value. 
		 Further downgrades of the U.S. credit rating, impending automatic spending cuts or another government shutdown could negatively impact our liquidity, financial condition and earnings. 
		 Our business is subject to increasingly complex corporate governance, public disclosure and accounting requirements that could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
		 The interest rates of our term loans to our portfolio companies that extend beyond 2021 might be subject to change based on recent regulatory changes. 
		 A disruption in the capital markets and the credit markets could negatively affect our business. 
		 We are permitted to borrow money, which magnifies the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and may increase the risk of investing in us. 
		 Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to, and the way in which we raise additional capital, which may expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage. 
		 Our Board of Directors is authorized to reclassify any unissued shares of common stock into one or more classes of preferred stock, which could convey special rights and privileges to its owners. 
		 Our ability to enter into transactions involving derivatives and financial commitment transactions may be limited. 
		 There are significant potential conflicts of interest between OXSQ and our management team. 
		 Our Board of Directors may change our investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder approval. 
		 Risks Related to U.S. Federal Tax Regulation 
		 We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates, if we are unable to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
		 Risks Relating to Our Investments 
		 Our investment portfolio may be concentrated in a limited number of portfolio companies, which will subject us to a risk of significant loss if any of these companies defaults on its obligations under any of its debt securities that we hold or if the sectors in which we invest experience a market downturn. 
		 The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business. 
		 If we cannot obtain additional capital because of either regulatory or market price constraints, we could be forced to curtail or cease our new lending and investment activities, our net asset value could decrease and our level of distributions and liquidity could be affected adversely. 
		 Our investments in the companies that we target may be extremely risky and we could lose all or part of our investments. 
		 Our incentive fee may induce Oxford Square Management to use leverage and to make speculative investments. 
		 Our portfolio companies may incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies. 
		 Our investments in CLO vehicles are riskier and less transparent to us and our stockholders than direct investments in the underlying senior loans. 

18 

Risks Relating to an Investment in Our Securities 
		 Our common stock price may be volatile. 
		 Our shares of common stock have traded at a discount from net asset value and may do so in the future. 
		 There is a risk that investors in our equity securities will not receive distributions or that our distributions will not grow over time and a portion of our distributions could be a return of capital. 
		 We may choose to pay distributions in our own common stock, in which case, our stockholders may be required to pay U.S. federal income taxes in excess of the cash distributions they receive.] 
		 Risks Relating to the Economy 
		 The COVID -19 pandemic has caused severe disruptions in the U.S. economy and has disrupted financial activity in the areas in which we or our portfolio companies operate. 
		 We are currently operating in a period of capital markets disruption and economic uncertainty. 
		 Political, social and economic uncertainty, including uncertainty related to the COVID -19 pandemic, creates and exacerbates risks. 
		 COMPETITION 
		 Our primary competitors to provide financing to primarily non -public companies include private equity and venture capital funds, other equity and non -equity based investment funds, including other BDCs, and investment banks and other sources of financing, including traditional financial services companies such as commercial banks and specialty finance companies. Many of these entities may have greater financial and managerial resources than we have. For additional information concerning the competitive risks we face, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities. 
		 EMPLOYEES 
		 We have no employees. Our day -to-day investment operations are managed by Oxford Square Management. In addition, we reimburse Oxford Funds for an allocable portion of expenses incurred by it on our behalf under the Administration Agreement, including a portion of the rent and the compensation of our Chief Financial Officer, accounting staff and other administrative support personnel. We will also pay the costs associated with the functions performed by our Chief Compliance Officer under the terms of an agreement between the Company and ACA Group. 
		 CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
		 As a BDC, we have elected to be treated, and intend to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, beginning with our 2003 taxable year. As a RIC, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute to our stockholders as dividends. To continue to qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source -of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, to qualify for RIC tax treatment we must distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, which is generally our ordinary income plus the excess of our realized net short -term capital gains over our realized net long -term capital losses (the Annual Distribution Requirement ). 
		 Taxation as a RIC 
		 If we qualify as a RIC; and satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, then we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our investment company taxable income and net capital gain (i.e., realized net long -term capital gains in excess of realized net short -term capital losses) we timely distribute to stockholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rates on any income or capital gains not distributed (or deemed distributed) to our stockholders. 

19 

We will be subject to a 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our net ordinary income for each calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income for the one -year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (3) any income and net capital gain that we recognized in preceding years but were not distributed in such years, and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax (the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement ). We generally will endeavor in each taxable year to make sufficient distributions to our stockholders to satisfy the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement. 
		 In order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 
		 at all times during each taxable year, be registered under the 1940 Act as a management company or unit investment trust, or have in effect an election under the 1940 Act to be treated as a BDC; 
		 derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to loans of certain securities, gains from the sale of stock or other securities, net income from certain qualified publicly traded partnerships, or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock or securities (the 90 Income Test and 
		 diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 
		 at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and 
		 no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in (i) the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer (ii) the securities, other than securities of other RICs, of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable Code rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses; or (iii) the securities of certain qualified publicly traded partnerships (the Diversification Tests ). 
		 We may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with PIK interest or, in certain cases, increasing interest rates or issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. We may also have to include in income other amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as PIK interest and deferred loan origination fees that are paid after origination of the loan or are paid in non -cash compensation such as warrants or stock. Because any original issue discount or other amounts accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. In addition, we may be required to accrue for U.S. federal income tax purposes amounts attributable to our investment in CLOs that may differ from the distributions received in respect of such investments. Although we do not presently expect to do so, we are authorized to borrow funds, to sell assets and to make taxable distributions of our stock and debt securities in order to satisfy distribution requirements. Our ability to dispose of assets to meet our distribution requirements may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and/or (2) other requirements relating to our status as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, we may fail to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC and become subject to tax as a corporation. 
		 Under the 1940 Act, we are not permitted to make distributions to our stockholders while our debt obligations and other senior securities are outstanding unless certain asset coverage tests are met. If we are prohibited to make distributions, we may fail to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC and become subject to tax as an ordinary corporation. 

20 

We have purchased and may in the future purchase residual or subordinated interests in CLOs that are treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as shares in a passive foreign investment company or a PFIC. We may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our allocable share of a portion of any excess distribution received on, or any gain from the disposition of, such shares. Additional charges, in the nature of interest, generally will be imposed on us in respect of deferred taxes arising from any such excess distribution or gain. This additional tax and interest may apply even if we make a distribution in an amount equal to any excess distribution or gain from the disposition of such shares as a taxable dividend by us to our shareholders. If we elect to treat a PFIC as a qualified electing fund under the Code (a QEF ), in lieu of the foregoing requirements, we will be required to include in income each year our proportionate share of the ordinary earnings and net capital gain of the QEF, even if such income is not distributed by the QEF. Alternatively, we may be able to elect to mark -to-market at the end of each taxable year our shares in a PFIC; in this case, we will recognize as ordinary income our allocable share of any increase in the value of such shares, and as ordinary loss our allocable share of any decrease in such value to the extent that any such decrease does not exceed prior increases included in our income. Under either election, we may be required to recognize in a year income in excess of distributions from PFICs and proceeds from dispositions of PFIC shares during that year, and such income will nevertheless be subject to the Annual Distribution Requirement and will be taken into account for purposes of the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement. 
		 If we hold more than 10 of the shares in a foreign corporation that is treated as a controlled foreign corporation or a CFC (including equity tranche investments in a CLO treated as a CFC), we may be treated as receiving a deemed distribution (taxable as ordinary income) each year from such foreign corporation in an amount equal to our pro rata share of the corporation s income for the tax year (including both ordinary earnings and capital gains), whether or not the corporation makes an actual distribution during such year. This deemed distribution is required to be included in the income of a U.S. Stockholder (as defined below) of a CFC regardless of whether the stockholder has made a QEF election with respect to such CFC. In general, a foreign corporation will be classified as a CFC if more than 50 of the shares of the corporation, measured by reference to combined voting power or value, is owned (directly, indirectly or by attribution) by U.S. Stockholders. A U.S. Stockholder, for this purpose, is any U.S. person that possesses (actually or constructively) 10 or more of the combined voting power or value of all classes of shares of a corporation. If we are treated as receiving a deemed distribution from a CFC, we will be required to include such distribution in our investment company taxable income regardless of whether we receive any actual distributions from such CFC, and we must distribute such income to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement and the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement. 
		 Income inclusions from a QEF or a CFC will be good income for purposes of the 90 Income Test provided that they are derived in connection with our business of investing in stocks and securities or the QEF or the CFC distribute such income to us in the same taxable year to which the income is included in our income. 
		 Failure to Qualify as a RIC 
		 If we were unable to qualify for treatment as a RIC, and certain cure provisions are not met, we would be subject to tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates, regardless of whether we make any distributions to our stockholders. Distributions would not be required, and any distributions made would be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary dividend income that, subject to certain limitations, may be eligible for the 20.0 maximum rate to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits provided certain holding period and other requirements were met. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate distributees would be eligible for the dividends -received deduction. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s adjusted tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. To requalify as a RIC in a subsequent taxable year, we would be required to satisfy the RIC qualification requirements for that year and dispose of any earnings and profits from any year in which we failed to qualify as a RIC. Subject to a limited exception applicable to RICs that qualified as such under the Code for at least one year prior to disqualification and that requalify as a RIC no later than the second year following the nonqualifying year, we would be subject to tax on any unrealized net built -in gains in the assets held by us during the period in which we failed to qualify as a RIC that are recognized within the subsequent 5 years, unless we made a special election to pay U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on such built -in gains at the time of our requalification as a RIC. 

21 

REGULATION AS A BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT COMPANY 
		 General 
		 A BDC is regulated by the 1940 Act. A BDC must be organized in the United States for the purpose of investing in or lending to primarily private companies and making managerial assistance available to them. A BDC may use capital provided by public stockholders and from other sources to invest in long -term , private investments in businesses. A BDC provides stockholders the ability to retain the liquidity of a publicly traded stock, while sharing in the possible benefits, if any, of investing in primarily privately owned companies. 
		 We may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC unless authorized by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities, as required by the 1940 Act. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the 1940 Act as the lesser of: (i) 67 or more of such company s voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (ii) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company. We currently do not anticipate any substantial change in the nature of our business. 
		 As with other companies regulated by the 1940 Act, a BDC must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements. A majority of our directors must be persons who are not interested persons, as that term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) the 1940 Act. Additionally, we are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect the BDC. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to the company or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
		 As a BDC, we are required to meet a coverage ratio of the value of total assets to total senior securities, which includes all of our borrowings and any preferred stock we may issue in the future. On April 6, 2018, the Board, including a required majority (as such term is defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of the Board, approved the modified asset coverage requirements set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act. As a result, our asset coverage requirement under the 1940 Act for senior securities was changed from 200 to 150 , effective as of April 6, 2019. In other words, under the 1940 Act, we are able to borrow 2 for investment purposes for every 1 of investor equity. We may also be prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our directors who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. 
		 We are not generally able to sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share. Refer to Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Business and Structure Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to, and the way in which we raise additional capital, which may expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage. We may, however, sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share (i) in connection with a rights offering to our existing stockholders, (ii) with the consent of the majority of our common stockholders, or (iii) under such other circumstances as the SEC may permit. For example, we may sell our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the then current net asset value of our common stock if our Board determines that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders, and our stockholders approve our policy and practice of making such sales. In any such case, under such circumstances, the price at which our common stock is to be issued and sold may not be less than a price which, in the determination of our Board, closely approximates the market value of such common stock. In addition, we may generally issue new shares of our common stock at a price below the net asset value in rights offerings to existing stockholders, in payment of distributions and in certain other limited circumstances 
		 We may be examined by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act. 
		 As a BDC, we are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Business and Structure. 

22 

Qualifying Assets 
		 As a BDC, we may not acquire any asset other than qualifying assets unless, at the time we make the acquisition, the value of our qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the value of our total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are: 
		 securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering, the issuer of which is an eligible portfolio company; 
		 securities received in exchange for or distributed with respect to securities described in the bullet above or pursuant to the exercise of options, warrants or rights relating to such securities; and 
		 cash, cash items, government securities or high quality debt securities (within the meaning of the 1940 Act), maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 
		 An eligible portfolio company is generally a domestic company that is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by a BDC) and that: 
		 does not have a class of securities with respect to which a broker may extend margin credit at the time the acquisition is made; 
		 is controlled by the BDC and has an affiliate of the BDC on its board of directors; 
		 does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange; 
		 is a public company that lists its securities on a national securities exchange with a market capitalization of less than 250 million; or 
		 meets such other criteria as may be established by the SEC. 
		 Control, as defined by the 1940 Act, is presumed to exist where a BDC beneficially owns more than 25 of the outstanding voting securities of the portfolio company. 
		 In addition, a BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in eligible portfolio companies, or in other securities that are consistent with its purpose as a BDC. 
		 Significant Managerial Assistance 
		 BDCs generally must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities significant managerial assistance, except in circumstances where either (i) the BDC controls such issuer of securities or (ii) the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together and one of the other persons in the group makes available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. The Administrator or its affiliate provides such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance. 
		 Code of Ethics and Insider Trading Policy 
		 As required by the 1940 Act, we maintain a Code of Ethics and Insider Trading Policy, or Code of Ethics, that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain transactions by our personnel. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Business and Structure There are significant potential conflicts of interest between OXSQ and our management team. Our Code of Ethics generally does not permit investments by our employees in securities that may be purchased or held by us. The Code of Ethics is available on the EDGAR Database on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. You may obtain copies of the Code of Ethics, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the following email address: publicinfo@sec.gov. Our Code of Ethics is also available on our website at http://oxfordsquarecapital.com/. 

23 

Compliance Policies and Procedures 
		 We and Oxford Square Management have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the federal securities laws, and are required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation, and to designate a Chief Compliance Officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. 
		 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
		 The Sarbanes -Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes -Oxley Act imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly -held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. For example: 
		 pursuant to Rule 13a -14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ), our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 
		 pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S -K , our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 
		 pursuant to Rule 13a -15 of the Exchange Act, our management must prepare a report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting; and 
		 pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S -K and Rule 13a -15 of the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 
		 The Sarbanes -Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes -Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes -Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 
		 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
		 We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to our investment adviser, Oxford Square Management. The Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures of Oxford Square Management are set forth below. The guidelines are reviewed periodically by Oxford Square Management, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
		 Introduction 
		 As an investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act, Oxford Square Management has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, Oxford Square Management recognizes that it must vote client securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in the best interests of its clients. 
		 These policies and procedures for voting proxies for Oxford Square Management s investment advisory clients are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4) -6 under, the Advisers Act. 
		 Proxy Policies 
		 Oxford Square Management will vote proxies relating to our portfolio securities in the best interests of our stockholders. Oxford Square Management will review on a case -by-case basis each proposal submitted to a stockholder vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by us. Although Oxford Square Management will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative impact on our portfolio securities, it may vote for such a proposal if there exist compelling long -term reasons to do so. Oxford Square Management will abstain from voting only in unusual circumstances and where there is a compelling reason to do so. 
		 The proxy voting decisions of Oxford Square Management are made by the senior officers of Oxford Square Management who are responsible for monitoring each of our investments. To ensure that its vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, Oxford Square Management requires that: (i) anyone involved in the decision making process disclose to Oxford Square Management s Chief Compliance Officer any potential conflict that he or she is 

24 

aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (ii) employees involved in the decision making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how Oxford Square Management intends to vote on a proposal without the prior approval of the Chief Compliance Officer and senior management in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 
		 Proxy Voting Records 
		 You may obtain information about how Oxford Square Management voted proxies by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Chief Compliance Officer, Oxford Square Management, LLC, 8 Sound Shore Drive, Suite 255, Greenwich, CT 06830. 
		 Periodic Reporting and Audited Financial Statements 
		 We have registered our common stock under the Exchange Act, and have reporting obligations thereunder, including the requirement that we file annual and quarterly reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, this annual report contains financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accounting firm. You may obtain our annual reports on Form 10 -K , our quarterly reports on Form 10 -Q , and our current reports on Form 8 -K on our website at http://oxfordsquarecapital.com/ free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such reports electronically with the SEC. 
		 NASDAQ Global Select Market Requirements 
		 We have adopted certain policies and procedures intended to comply with the NASDAQ Global Select Market s corporate governance rules. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all future listing standards that are approved by the SEC and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 

25 

26 

27 

28 

29 

30 

31 

32 

33 

34 

35 

36 

37 

38 

39 

40 

41 

42 

43 

44 

45 

46 

47 

48 

49 

50 

51 

52 

53 

54 

55 

56 

57 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
		 Not applicable. 
		 Item 2. Properties 
		 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. Our headquarters are located at 8 Sound Shore Drive, Suite 255, Greenwich, Connecticut, where we occupy our office space pursuant to our Administration Agreement with Oxford Funds. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is presently conducted. 
		 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
		 We are not currently subject to any pending material legal proceedings. From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 
		 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
		 Not applicable. 

58 

PART II 
		 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

0.105 	 	 	 	 	 Third Quarter 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 0.105 	 	 	 	 	 Second Quarter 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 0.105 	 	 	 	 	 First Quarter 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 0.105 	 	 	 	 	 Fiscal 2021 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Fourth Quarter 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 0.105 	 	 	 	 	 Third Quarter 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 0.105 	 	 	 	 	 Second Quarter 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 0.105 	 	 	 	 	 First Quarter 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 0.105 	 	 	 

On March 17, 2023, the last reported sales price of our common stock was 3.06 per share. As of March 17, 2023, we had 129 stockholders of record. 
		 Shares of BDCs may trade at a market price that is less than the value of the net assets attributable to those shares. The possibility that our shares of common stock will trade at a discount from net asset value or at premiums that are unsustainable over the long term are separate and distinct from the risk that our net asset value will decrease. Since 2008, our shares of common stock have traded both at a premium and a discount to the net assets attributable to those shares. As of March 17, 2023, our shares of common stock traded at a premium equal to approximately 10.1 of the net asset value per share as of December 31, 2022. It is not possible to predict whether the shares offered hereby will trade at, above, or below net asset value. 
		 Distributions 
		 We currently intend to distribute a minimum of 90 of our ordinary income and short -term capital gains (net of short -term capital losses), if any, on a quarterly basis to our stockholders, in accordance with our election to be treated, and intention to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. For a more detailed discussion of the requirements under Subchapter M, please refer to the discussion in Business Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations set forth above. In order to qualify as a RIC, we are required, under Subchapter M of the Code, to distribute at least 90 of our ordinary income and realized net short -term capital gains in excess of realized net long -term capital losses to our stockholders on an annual basis. 

59 

A written statement identifying the nature of our distributions for tax reporting purposes was posted on our website. The final determination of the nature of distribution can only be made upon the filing of our tax return. We may not be able to achieve operating results that will allow us to make distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of these distributions from time to time. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make distributions due to the asset coverage requirements applicable to us as a BDC under the 1940 Act. If we do not distribute a certain percentage of our income annually, we will suffer adverse tax consequences, including possible loss of RIC tax treatment. We cannot assure stockholders that they will receive any distributions. 
		 To the extent our taxable earnings fall below the total amount of our distributions for that fiscal year, a portion of those distributions may be deemed a tax return of capital to our stockholders. Thus, the source of a distribution to our stockholders may be the original capital invested by the stockholder rather than our taxable ordinary income or capital gains. Stockholders should read any written disclosure accompanying a distribution payment carefully and should not assume that the source of any distribution is taxable ordinary income or capital gains. 
		 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
		 We did not engage in unregistered sales of equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022, however, we issued a total of 154,737 shares of common stock under our distribution reinvestment plan. This issuance was not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The aggregate value for the shares of common stock issued under the distribution reinvestment plan was approximately 0.5 million. 
		 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
		 During the year ended December 31, 2022, no common stock was repurchased. 
		 Performance Graph 
		 The graph below compares the cumulative stockholder return on our common stock with that of the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Financial 100, as we do not believe there is an appropriate index of companies with an investment strategy similar to our own with which to compare the return on our common stock, for the period from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that, on December 31, 2017, a person invested 100 in each of our common stock, the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Financial 100, which includes the 100 largest domestic and international financial organizations listed on the NASDAQ Stock Market based on market capitalization. The NASDAQ Financial 100 contains banks and savings institutions and related holding companies, insurance companies, broker -dealers , investment companies and financial services organizations. 
		 The graph measures cumulative total stockholder return, which takes into account both changes in stock price and distributions. It assumes that distributions paid are reinvested in like securities. 

60 

The graph and the information furnished under this Part II Item 5 of this Form 10 -K shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. The stock price performance included in the below graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
		 
		 FEES AND EXPENSES 

____________ (1) 

61 

(2) 
		 (3) 
		 (4) 
		 (5) 
		 (6) 
		 (7) 

62 

You would pay the following expenses on a 1,000 investment, assuming a 5 annual return entirely from realized gains (2) 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 

The example and the expenses in the tables above should not be considered a representation of our future expenses, and actual expenses may be greater or less than those shown. Moreover, while the example assumes, as required by the SEC, a 5.0 annual return, our performance will vary and may result in a return greater or less than 5.0 . The income incentive fee under our Investment Advisory Agreement, which, assuming a 5 annual return, would either not be payable or would have an insignificant impact on the expense amounts shown above, is not included in the example. If we achieve sufficient returns on our investments to trigger an income incentive fee of a material amount, our expenses, and returns to our investors, would be higher. In addition, while the example assumes reinvestment of all distributions at net asset value, participants in our distribution reinvestment plan may receive shares valued at the market price in effect at that time. This price may be at, above or below net asset value. See Distribution Reinvestment Plan for additional information regarding our distribution reinvestment plan. 
		 Item 6. [Reserved] 
		 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
		 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
		 This Annual Report on Form 10 -K contains forward -looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward -looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about Oxford Square Capital Corp., our current and prospective portfolio investments, our industry, our beliefs, and our assumptions. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, will, may, continue, believes, seeks, estimates, would, could, should, targets, projects, and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward -looking statements. The forward -looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10 -K involve risks and uncertainties, including statements as to: 
		 our future operating results, including our ability to achieve objectives; 
		 our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 
		 the impact of investments that we expect to make; 
		 our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 
		 the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; 
		 the ability of our portfolio companies and CLO investments to achieve their objectives; 

63 

the valuation of our investments in portfolio companies and CLOs, particularly those having no liquid trading market; 
		 market conditions and our ability to access alternative debt markets and additional debt and equity capital; 
		 our expected financings and investments; 
		 the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; 
		 the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies and CLO investments; and 
		 the ability of our investment adviser to locate suitable investments for us and monitor and administer our investments . 
		 These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward -looking statements, including without limitation: 
		 an economic downturn could impair our portfolio companies and CLO investments ability to continue to operate, which could lead to the loss of some or all of our investments in such portfolio companies and CLO investments; 
		 the impact of the elimination of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and implementation of alternatives to LIBOR on our operating results; 
		 a contraction of available credit and/or an inability to access the equity markets, including as a result of the current COVID -19 pandemic, could impair our lending and investment activities; 
		 interest rate volatility could adversely affect our results, particularly because we use leverage as part of our investment strategy; 
		 the elevated levels of inflation and its impact on our investment activities and the industries in which we invest; 
		 currency fluctuations could adversely affect the results of our investments in foreign companies, particularly to the extent that we receive payments denominated in foreign currency rather than U.S. dollars; 
		 the impact of information technology system failures, data security breaches, data privacy compliance, network disruptions and cybersecurity attacks; and 
		 the risks, uncertainties and other factors we identify in Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10 -K and in our filings with the SEC. 
		 Although we believe that the assumptions on which these forward -looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward -looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. Important assumptions include our ability to originate new loans and investments, certain margins and levels of profitability and the availability of additional capital. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward -looking statement in this annual report on Form 10 -K should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These risks and uncertainties include those described or identified in Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10 -K . You should not place undue reliance on these forward -looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this annual report on Form 10 -K . 
		 The following analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Form 10 -K . 

64 

OVERVIEW 
		 Our investment objective is to maximize our portfolio s total return. Our primary focus is to seek an attractive risk -adjusted total return by investing primarily in corporate debt securities and in CLOs, which are structured finance investments that own corporate debt securities. CLO investments may also include warehouse facilities, which are early -stage CLO vehicles intended to aggregate loans that may be used to form the basis of a traditional CLO vehicle. We operate as a closed -end , non -diversified management investment company and have elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. We have elected to be treated for tax purposes as a RIC, under the Code. 
		 Our investment activities are managed by Oxford Square Management, a registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. Oxford Square Management is owned by Oxford Funds, its managing member, and a related party, Charles M. Royce, a member of our Board who holds a minority, non -controlling interest in Oxford Square Management. Jonathan H. Cohen, our Chief Executive Officer, and Saul B. Rosenthal, our President, are the controlling members of Oxford Funds. Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, we have agreed to pay Oxford Square Management an annual Base Fee calculated on gross assets, and an incentive fee based upon our performance. Under the Administration Agreement, we have agreed to pay or reimburse Oxford Funds, as administrator, for certain expenses incurred in operating the Company. Our executive officers and directors, and the executive officers of Oxford Square Management and Oxford Funds, serve or may serve as officers and directors of entities that operate in a line of business similar to our own. Accordingly, they may have obligations to investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which might not be in the best interests of us or our stockholders. 
		 We generally expect to invest between 5 million and 50 million in each of our portfolio companies, although this investment size may vary proportionately as the size of our capital base changes and market conditions warrant. We expect that our investment portfolio will be diversified among a large number of investments with few investments, if any, exceeding 5.0 of the total portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, our debt investments had stated interest rates of between 7.63 and 14.24 and maturity dates of between 1 and 86 months. In addition, our total portfolio had a weighted average annualized yield on debt investments of approximately 11.85 . 
		 The weighted average annualized yield of our debt investments is not the same as a return on investment for our stockholders but, rather, relates to a portion of our investment portfolio and is calculated before the payment of all of our fees and expenses. The weighted average annualized yield was computed using the effective interest rates as of December 31, 2022, including accretion of OID and excluding any debt investments on non -accrual status. There can be no assurance that the weighted average annualized yield will remain at its current level. 
		 We have historically borrowed funds to make investments and may continue to borrow funds to make investments. As a result, we are exposed to the risks of leverage, which may be considered a speculative investment technique. Borrowings, also known as leverage, magnify the potential for gain and loss on amounts invested and therefore increase the risks associated with investing in our securities. In addition, the costs associated with our borrowings, including any increase in the management fee payable to Oxford Square Management, will be borne by our common stockholders. 
		 In addition, as a BDC under the 1940 Act, we are required to make available significant managerial assistance, for which we may receive fees, to our portfolio companies. This assistance could involve, among other things, monitoring the operations of our portfolio companies, participating in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising officers of portfolio companies and providing other organizational and financial guidance. These fees would be generally non -recurring , however in some instances they may have a recurring component. We have received no fee income for managerial assistance to date. 
		 To the extent possible, we will generally seek to invest in loans that are collateralized by a security interest in the borrower s assets or guaranteed by a principal to the transaction. Interest payments, if not deferred, are normally payable quarterly with most debt investments having scheduled principal payments on a monthly or quarterly basis. When we receive a warrant to purchase stock in a portfolio company, the warrant will typically have a nominal strike price, and will entitle us to purchase a modest percentage of the borrower s stock. 

65 

PORTFOLIO COMPOSITION AND INVESTMENT ACTIVITY 
		 The total fair value of our investment portfolio was approximately 314.7 million and 420.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The decrease in the value of investments during the year ended December 31, 2022 was due primarily to a net change in unrealized depreciation on our investment portfolio of approximately 105.9 million (which incorporates reductions to CLO equity cost value of 20.4 million), repayments of principal and sales of securities totaling approximately 64.6 million, partially offset by purchases of investments of approximately 84.2 million. Refer to the table below, which reconciles the investment portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021. 
		 A reconciliation of the investment portfolio for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows: 

in millions) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Beginning investment portfolio 

420.8 

294.7 

Portfolio investments acquired 

84.2 

178.9 

Debt repayments 

(50.0 

(24.3 

Sales of securities 

(14.6 

(15.2 

Reductions to CLO equity cost value (1) 

(20.4 

(37.5 

Accretion of discounts on investments (2) 

0.9 

0.7 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation)/appreciation on investments 

(105.9 

38.5 

Net realized loss on investments 

(0.3 

(15.0 

Ending investment portfolio 

314.7 

420.8 

____________ (1) For the year ended December 31, 2022, the reductions to CLO equity cost value of approximately 20.4 million represented the distributions received, or entitled to be received, on our investments held in CLO equity subordinated and income notes of approximately 37.3 million, plus the amortization of cost on our CLO fee notes of approximately 128,000, less the effective yield interest income recognized on our CLO equity subordinated and income notes of approximately 17.1 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the reductions to CLO equity cost value of approximately 37.5 million represented the distributions received, or entitled to be received, on our investments held in CLO equity subordinated and income notes of approximately 55.8 million, plus the amortization of cost on our CLO fee notes of approximately 351,000, less the effective yield interest income recognized on our CLO equity subordinated and income notes of approximately 18.7 million. 
		 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we purchased approximately 84.2 million in portfolio investments, including additional investments of approximately 58.9 million in existing portfolio companies and approximately 25.3 million in new portfolio companies. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we purchased approximately 178.9 million in portfolio investments, including additional investments of approximately 65.4 million in existing portfolio companies and approximately 113.5 million in new portfolio companies. 
		 In certain instances, we receive payments based on scheduled amortization of the outstanding balances. In addition, we receive principal repayments of some of our investments prior to their scheduled maturity date. The frequency or volume of these repayments may fluctuate significantly from period to period. 
		 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had loan principal repayments of approximately 50.0 million and approximately 24.3 million, respectively. The repayments during the year ended December 31, 2022 were as follows in millions): 

Portfolio Company 

2022 Repayments 

Keystone Acquisition Corp. 

20.2 

Quest Software, Inc. 

18.2 

Amerilife Group, LLC 

10.8 

Net all others 

0.7 

Total repayments (1) 

50.0 

____________ (1) Totals may not sum due to rounding. 

66 

Portfolio activity also reflects sales of securities in the amounts of approximately 14.6 million and approximately 15.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The sales during the year ended December 31, 2022 were as follows in millions): 

Portfolio Company 

2022 Sales 

Carlyle Global Market Strategies CLO 2021-6, Ltd. 

9.5 

Octagon Investment Partners 45, Ltd. 

3.4 

Dryden 43 Senior Loan Fund 

1.8 

Total sales (1) 

14.6 

____________ (1) Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
		 As of December 31, 2022, we had investments in debt securities of, or loans to, 20 portfolio companies, with a fair value of approximately 211.4 million, and CLO equity investments of approximately 98.9 million. As of December 31, 2021, we had investments in debt securities of, or loans to, 20 portfolio companies, with a fair value of approximately 264.5 million, and CLO equity investments of approximately 155.6 million. 
		 The following table indicates the quarterly portfolio investment activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

in millions) 

Purchases of Investments 

Repayments of Principal 

Sales of Investments 

Reductions to CLO Equity Cost (1) 

Quarter ended 

December 31, 2022 

6.1 

0.2 

2.3 

September 30, 2022 

3.9 

11.0 

1.8 

3.9 

June 30, 2022 

26.9 

0.2 

9.5 

6.4 

March 31, 2022 

47.4 

38.6 

3.4 

7.8 

Total (2) 

84.2 

50.0 

14.6 

20.4 

December 31, 2021 

23.3 

1.6 

10.3 

7.4 

September 30, 2021 

23.1 

5.7 

8.6 

June 30, 2021 

99.5 

0.6 

3.0 

15.5 

March 31, 2021 

32.9 

16.4 

1.8 

6.0 

Total (2) 

178.9 

24.3 

15.2 

37.5 

____________ (1) Represents reductions to CLO equity cost value (representing distributions received, or entitled to be received, in excess of effective yield interest income and amortized cost adjusted CLO fee note income). 
		 (2) Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
		 The following table shows the fair value of our portfolio of investments by asset class as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

in millions) 

Investments at Fair Value 

Percentage of Total Portfolio 

Investments at Fair Value 

Percentage of Total Portfolio 

Senior Secured Notes 

211.4 

67.2 

264.5 

62.8 

CLO Equity 

98.9 

31.4 

155.6 

37.0 

Equity and Other Investments 

4.3 

1.4 

0.8 

0.2 

Total (1) 

314.7 

100.0 

420.8 

100.0 

____________ (1) Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
		 Qualifying assets must represent at least 70 of the Company s total assets at the time of acquisition of any additional non -qualifying assets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we held qualifying assets that represented 70.1 and 64.1 , respectively, of the total assets. No additional non -qualifying assets were acquired during the periods, if any, when qualifying assets were less than 70 of the total assets. 

67 

The following table shows our portfolio of investments by industry at fair value, in millions, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Investments at Fair Value 

Percentage of Fair Value 

Investments at Fair Value 

Percentage of Fair Value 

in millions) 

in millions) 

Structured finance (1) 

98.9 

31.4 

155.6 

36.9 

Software 

69.0 

21.9 

50.9 

12.1 

Business services 

53.4 

17.0 

88.7 

21.0 

Healthcare 

33.6 

10.7 

63.0 

15.0 

Telecommunication services 

22.2 

7.1 

15.8 

3.8 

Diversified insurance 

14.7 

4.7 

25.9 

6.2 

Plastics Manufacturing 

11.7 

3.7 

12.7 

3.0 

Utilities 

6.8 

2.2 

7.5 

1.8 

IT consulting 

4.3 

1.4 

0.8 

0.2 

Total (2) 

314.7 

100.0 

420.8 

100.0 

____________ (1) Reflects our equity investments in CLOs as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
		 (2) Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
		 The following tables present the top ten industries (based upon Moody s industry classifications) of the aggregate holdings of the CLOs included in our portfolio, based on par value, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Top Ten Industries 

December 31, 2022 

High Tech Industries 

10.1 

Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 

9.8 

Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 

9.6 

Business Services 

8.8 

Media: Broadcasting Subscription 

5.0 

Telecommunications 

4.8 

Hotels, Gaming Leisure 

4.7 

Chemicals, Plastics Rubber 

4.5 

Beverage, Food Tobacco 

3.7 

Construction Building 

3.6 

Total 

64.6 

Top Ten Industries 

December 31, 2021 

Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 

9.9 

Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 

9.7 

High Tech Industries 

9.5 

Business Services 

8.4 

Hotels, Gaming Leisure 

5.2 

Media: Broadcasting Subscription 

5.0 

Telecommunications 

4.6 

Chemicals, Plastics Rubber 

4.1 

Beverage, Food Tobacco 

3.8 

Construction Building 

3.6 

Total 

63.8 

68 

PORTFOLIO GRADING 
		 We have adopted a credit grading system to monitor the quality of our debt investment portfolio. Equity securities are not graded. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 our portfolio had a weighted average grade of 2.2 and 2.1, respectively, based upon the fair value of the debt investments in the portfolio. 
		 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our debt investment portfolio was graded as follows: 

in millions) 

December 31, 2022 

Grade 

Summary Description 

Principal Value 

Percentage of Debt Portfolio 

Portfolio at Fair Value 

Percentage of Debt Portfolio 

1 

Company is ahead of expectations and/or outperforming financial covenant requirements of the specific tranche and such trend is expected to continue. 

2 

Full repayment of the outstanding amount of OXSQ s cost basis and interest is expected for the specific tranche. 

230.1 

74.9 

180.0 

85.1 

3 

Closer monitoring is required. Full repayment of the outstanding amount of OXSQ s cost basis and interest is expected for the specific tranche. 

48.9 

15.9 

31.3 

14.8 

4 

A loss of interest income has occurred or is expected to occur and, in most cases, the investment is placed on non-accrual status. Full repayment of the outstanding amount of OXSQ s cost basis is expected for the specific tranche. 

5 

Full repayment of the outstanding amount of OXSQ s cost basis is not expected for the specific tranche and the investment is placed on non-accrual status 

28.2 

9.2 

0.2 

0.1 

Total (1) 

307.2 

100.0 

211.4 

100.0 

____________ (1) Totals may not sum due to rounding. 

in millions) 

December 31, 2021 

Grade 

Summary Description 

Principal Value 

Percentage of Debt Portfolio 

Portfolio at Fair Value 

Percentage of Debt Portfolio 

1 

Company is ahead of expectations and/or outperforming financial covenant requirements of the specific tranche and such trend is expected to continue. 

2 

Full repayment of the outstanding amount of OXSQ s cost basis and interest is expected for the specific tranche. 

256.3 

86.1 

249.2 

94.2 

3 

Closer monitoring is required. Full repayment of the outstanding amount of OXSQ s cost basis and interest is expected for the specific tranche. 

14.7 

4.9 

13.9 

5.3 

4 

A loss of interest income has occurred or is expected to occur and, in most cases, the investment is placed on non-accrual status. Full repayment of the outstanding amount of OXSQ s cost basis is expected for the specific tranche. 

5 

Full repayment of the outstanding amount of OXSQ s cost basis is not expected for the specific tranche and the investment is placed on non-accrual status. 

26.9 

9.0 

1.3 

0.5 

Total (1) 

297.8 

100.0 

264.5 

100.0 

____________ (1) Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
		 We expect that a portion of our investments will be in the Grades 3, 4 or 5 categories from time to time, and, as such, we will be required to work with troubled portfolio companies to improve their business and protect our investment. The number and amount of investments included in Grade 3, 4 or 5 may fluctuate from year to year. 

69 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
		 Set forth below is a comparison of our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For information regarding results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020, refer to Part II Item 7 in our Form 10 -K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on March 7, 2022, which is incorporated by reference herein. 
		 Investment Income 
		 The following table sets forth the components of investment income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Interest Income 

Stated interest income 

23,954,078 

16,142,294 

Original issue discount and market discount income 

880,671 

740,731 

Discount income derived from unscheduled remittances at par 

399,566 

557,204 

Total interest income 

25,234,315 

17,440,229 

Income from securitization vehicles and investments 

17,093,203 

18,691,631 

Other income 

Fee letters 

544,267 

405,010 

Loan prepayment and bond call fees 

300,000 

All other fees 

246,327 

338,143 

Total other income 

790,594 

1,043,153 

Total investment income 

43,118,112 

37,175,013 

The increase in total investment income for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was largely due to an increase of stated interest income from our debt investments (approximately 7.8 million) resulting from higher weighted average yields in 2022 compared to 2021. That increase was partially offset by decreased income from our securitization vehicles and investments due to lower weighted average effective yields and decreased discount income derived from unscheduled remittances at par. 
		 The total principal outstanding on income producing debt investments as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was approximately 279.0 million and 297.8 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, our debt investments had stated interest rates of between 7.63 and 14.24 and maturity dates of between 1 and 86 months. As of December 31, 2021, our debt investments had stated interest rates of between 3.85 and 10.50 and maturity dates of between 3 and 91 months. In addition, our total portfolio had a weighted average yield on debt investments of approximately 11.85 as of December 31, 2022, compared to a weighted average yield on debt investments of 7.70 as of December 31, 2021. 

70 

Operating Expenses 
		 The following table sets forth the components of operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Interest expense 

12,354,392 

10,495,897 

Base Fee 

5,903,986 

6,287,173 

Professional fees 

1,393,116 

1,910,390 

Compensation expense 

915,583 

723,931 

General and administrative 

835,912 

521,541 

Director s fees 

417,500 

490,500 

Insurance 

378,804 

422,805 

Transfer agent and custodian fees 

231,241 

222,581 

Net Investment Income Incentive Fees 

Total operating expenses 

22,430,534 

21,074,818 

Total operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by approximately 1.4 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in 2022 is attributable primarily to higher interest expense, partially offset by lower Base Fees and professional fees. 
		 Interest expense increased by approximately 1.9 million in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase in 2022 was due to interest expense recognized for the full year ended December 31, 2022 on the 5.50 Unsecured Notes compared with interest expense recognized for a partial year for the year ended December 31, 2021, as those notes were issued on May 20, 2021. The aggregate accrued interest which remained payable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 1.2 million. 
		 The Base Fee decreased approximately 383,000 in 2022 compared to 2021 due to lower average adjusted gross assets in 2022. The Base Fee which remained payable to Oxford Square Management as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 1.3 million and 1.7 million, respectively. 
		 Professional fees, largely consisting of legal, valuation, consulting, audit and tax fees decreased by approximately 517,000 in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to decreased legal fees. 
		 Compensation expense was approximately 916,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to approximately 724,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, reflecting the allocation of compensation expenses for the services of our Chief Financial Officer, accounting personnel, and other administrative support staff. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 31,000 in compensation expenses remained payable. As of December 31, 2021, no compensation expenses remained payable. 
		 General and administrative expenses, which consist primarily of listing fees, office supplies, facilities costs and other miscellaneous expenses, increased by approximately 314,000 in 2022 compared to 2021. That increase was primarily driven by approximately 252,000 of excise tax attributable to the tax year ended December 31, 2021, which was expensed and paid during the year ended December 31, 2022. Office supplies, facilities costs and other expenses are allocated to us under the terms of the Administration Agreement. 
		 The calculation of the Net Investment Income Incentive Fee had no change in 2022 compared to 2021. There was no Net Investment Income Incentive Fee in 2022, nor in 2021, primarily as a result of the Net Investment Income Incentive Fee being reduced as the result of the Total Return Requirement. The Net Investment Income Incentive Fee is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on the amount by which (x) the Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter exceeds (y) the Preferred Return Amount for the calendar quarter. For this purpose, Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income means interest income, dividend income and any other income accrued during the calendar quarter minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the Base Fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement with Oxford Funds, and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Refer to Note 7. Related Party Transactions in the notes to our financial statements. 

71 

The expense attributable to the capital gains incentive fee, as reported under GAAP, is calculated as if the Company s entire portfolio had been liquidated at period end, and therefore is calculated on the basis of net realized and unrealized gains and losses at the end of each period. That expense (or the reversal of such an expense) related to that hypothetical liquidation of the portfolio (and assuming no other changes in realized or unrealized gains and losses) would only become payable to our investment adviser in the event of a complete liquidation of our portfolio as of period end and the termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement on such date. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no accrual was required as a result of the impact of accumulated net unrealized depreciation and net realized losses on our portfolio. 
		 The amount of the Capital Gains Incentive Fee which will actually be payable is determined in accordance with the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement and is calculated as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement). The terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement state that the Capital Gains Incentive Fee calculation is based on net realized gains, if any, offset by gross unrealized depreciation for the calendar year. No effect is given to gross unrealized appreciation in this calculation. 
		 Realized and Unrealized Gains/Losses on Investments 
		 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized net realized losses on investments of approximately 340,000, which primarily represents offsetting gains and losses from sales and repayments of multiple CLO equity investments. 
		 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our net change in unrealized depreciation was approximately 105.9 million, composed of approximately 3.8 million in gross unrealized appreciation, approximately 109.0 million in gross unrealized depreciation and approximately 0.7 million relating to the reversal of prior period net unrealized depreciation as investment gains and losses were realized. This includes net unrealized appreciation of approximately 20.4 million resulting from reductions to the cost value of our CLO equity investments representing the difference between distributions received, or entitled to be received, on our investments held in CLO equity subordinated notes and fee notes, of approximately 37.3 million and the effective yield interest income recognized on our CLO equity subordinated notes and the amortized cost adjusted income on our CLO equity fee notes of approximately 17.0 million. 
		 The components of the net change in unrealized depreciation during the year ended December 31, 2022 were as follows in millions): 

Portfolio Company 

Changes in unrealized depreciation 

ConvergeOne Holdings, Inc. 

(10.3 

Quest Software, Inc. 

(8.3 

Sound Point CLO XVI, Ltd. 

(7.6 

Octagon Investment Partners 49, Ltd. 

(6.4 

RSA Security, LLC 

(6.4 

Dodge Data Analytics, LLC 

(5.9 

Nassau 2019-I Ltd. 

(5.5 

HealthChannels, Inc. (f/k/a ScribeAmerica, LLC) 

(4.2 

Careismatic Brands, Inc. (f/k/a New Trojan Parent, Inc.) 

(4.1 

Telos CLO 2014-5, Ltd. 

(3.7 

Net all other 

(43.4 

Total (1) 

(105.9 

____________ (1) Total may not sum due to rounding. 
		 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized net realized losses on investments of approximately 15.0 million, which primarily represents the extinguishment of a debt investment which was previously on non -accrual status. 
		 For the year ended December 31, 2021, our net change in unrealized appreciation was approximately 38.5 million, composed of approximately 40.0 million in gross unrealized appreciation, approximately 20.4 million in gross unrealized depreciation and approximately 18.9 million relating to the reversal of prior 

72 

period net unrealized depreciation as investment gains and losses were realized. This includes net unrealized appreciation of approximately 37.5 million resulting from reductions to the cost value of our CLO equity investments representing the difference between distributions received, or entitled to be received, on our investments held in CLO equity subordinated notes and fee notes, of approximately 55.8 million and the effective yield interest income recognized on our CLO equity subordinated notes and the amortized cost adjusted income on our CLO equity fee notes of approximately 18.3 million. 
		 The components of the net change in unrealized appreciation/depreciation during the year ended December 31, 2021 were as follows in millions): 

Portfolio Company 

Changes in unrealized appreciation/ (depreciation) 

Imagine! Print Solutions, Inc. 

13.4 

Sound Point CLO XVI, Ltd. 

7.4 

Vibrant CLO V, Ltd. 

5.8 

Global Tel Link Corp. 

4.0 

Telos CLO 2014-5, Ltd. 

3.7 

Cedar Funding II CLO, Ltd. 

3.0 

Zais CLO 6, Ltd. 

2.1 

Nassau 2019-I Ltd. 

2.0 

Carlyle Global Market Strategies CLO 2021-6, Ltd. 

(2.4 

Premiere Global Services, Inc. 

(14.6 

Net all other 

13.9 

Total (1) 

38.5 

____________ (1) Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
		 Net Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Net Investment Income 
		 Net investment income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 20.7 million, compared to 16.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was primary the result of higher investment income, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses, as discussed above. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net increase in net assets resulting from net investment income per common share was 0.42 (basic and diluted), compared to 0.32 (basic and diluted) for the year ended December 31, 2021, based on the weighted average common shares outstanding for the respective period. 
		 Net Decrease/Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 
		 Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 85.6 million, compared to a net increase of 39.6 million for year ended December 31, 2021. These changes were largely due to a net change in unrealized depreciation, as discussed above. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net decrease in net assets resulting from operations per common share was 1.72 (basic and diluted), compared to a net increase in net assets per common share of 0.80 (basic and diluted) for the year ended December 31, 2021, based on the weighted average common shares outstanding for the respective periods. 
		 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
		 During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents increased from 9,015,700 at the beginning of the period to 9,019,164 at the end of the period. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, consisting primarily of the items described in Results of Operations, was approximately 20.4 million, largely reflecting purchases of new investments of approximately 84.2 million, partially offset by repayments of principal of approximately 50.0 million and proceeds from the sale of investments of approximately 14.6 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in by financing activities was approximately 20.4 million, reflecting the payment of distributions. 

73 

Contractual Obligations 
		 We have certain obligations with respect to the investment advisory and administration services we receive. Refer to Overview . We incurred approximately 5.9 million for the Base Fee and approximately 2.1 million for administrative services for the year ended December 31, 2022. There were no Net Investment Income Incentive Fees incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 7. Related Party Transactions in the notes to our financial statements. 
		 A summary of our significant contractual payment obligations is as follows as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 5. Borrowings in the notes to our financial statements. 

Contractual obligations (in millions) 

Principal Amount 

Payments Due by Period 

Less than 1 year 

1 3 years 

3 5 years 

More than 5 years 

Long-term debt obligations: 

6.50 Unsecured Notes 

64.4 

64.4 

6.25 Unsecured Notes 

44.8 

44.8 

5.50 Unsecured Notes 

80.5 

80.5 

189.7 

64.4 

44.8 

80.5 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
		 On October 18, 2019, we entered into a 10 million repurchase transaction facility (the Repo Facility with Nomura Securities International, Inc. Nomura ). Pursuant to the Master Repurchase Agreement MRA and a transaction facility confirmation, the Company may sell securities to Nomura from time to time with a corresponding repurchase obligation at an agreed -upon price 30 to 60 days after the sale date Reverse Repo ). The Repo Facility had a funding cost of 1 -month LIBOR plus 2.05 per annum for each Reverse Repo transaction and was subject to a facility fee of 0.85 per annum on the full 10 million facility amount. The Company accounts for these Reverse Repo transactions as secured financings for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no outstanding principal, or securities sold under the Repo Facility, as the Repo Facility expired on October 18, 2020. 
		 Share Issuance and Repurchase Programs 
		 On August 1, 2019, we entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement with Ladenburg Thalmann Co. through which we offered for sale, from time to time, up to 150.0 million of the Company s common stock through an At -the-Market ATM offering. We did not sell any shares of common stock under the ATM program during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
		 Borrowings 
		 In accordance with the 1940 Act, with certain limited exceptions, we are only allowed to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least 150 immediately after such borrowing. As of December 31, 2022, our asset coverage for borrowed amounts was approximately 171 . As of December 31, 2021, our asset coverage for borrowed amounts was approximately 227 . 
		 The following are our outstanding principal amounts, carrying values and fair values of our borrowings as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The fair value of the 6.50 Unsecured Notes, 6.25 Unsecured Notes and 5.50 Unsecured Notes are based upon the closing price on the last day of the period. The 6.50 Unsecured Notes, 6.25 Unsecured Notes and 5.50 Unsecured Notes are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market (trading symbol OXSQL , OXSQZ and OXSQG , respectively). 

As of 

in millions) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Principal Amount 

Carrying Value 

Fair Value 

Principal Amount 

Carrying Value 

Fair Value 

6.50 Unsecured Notes 

64.4 

64.0 

63.4 

64.4 

63.6 

65.1 

6.25 Unsecured Notes 

44.8 

44.0 

42.6 

44.8 

43.8 

45.5 

5.50 Unsecured Notes 

80.5 

78.3 

70.0 

80.5 

78.0 

80.7 

Total 

189.7 

186.3 

176.0 

189.7 

185.4 

191.3 

74 

The weighted average stated interest rate and weighted average maturity on all our debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022 were 6.02 and 3.6 years, respectively, and as of December 31, 2021 were 6.02 and 4.6 years, respectively. The aggregate accrued interest which remained payable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, was approximately 1.2 million. 
		 The tables below summarize the components of interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

in thousands) 

Stated Interest Expense 

Amortization of Deferred Debt Issuance Costs 

Total 

6.50 Unsecured Notes 

4,184.1 

324.7 

4,508.8 

6.25 Unsecured Notes 

2,799.4 

233.2 

3,032.6 

5.50 Unsecured Notes 

4,427.5 

385.5 

4,813.0 

Total 

11,411.0 

943.4 

12,354.4 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

in thousands) 

Stated Interest Expense 

Amortization of Deferred Debt Issuance Costs 

Total 

6.50 Unsecured Notes 

4,184.1 

324.7 

4,508.8 

6.25 Unsecured Notes 

2,799.4 

233.2 

3,032.6 

5.50 Unsecured Notes 

2,718.0 

236.6 

2,954.5 

Total (1) 

9,701.5 

794.4 

10,495.9 

____________ (1) Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
		 Distributions 
		 In order to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC, we are required, under Subchapter M of the Code, to distribute at least 90 of our ordinary income and realized net short -term capital gains in excess of realized net long -term capital losses to our stockholders on an annual basis. 
		 We may not be able to achieve operating results that will allow us to make distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of these distributions from time to time. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make distributions due to the asset coverage requirements applicable to us as a BDC under the 1940 Act. If we do not distribute a certain percentage of our income annually, we will suffer adverse tax consequences, including possible loss of favorable regulated investment company tax treatment. We cannot assure stockholders that they will receive any distributions. 
		 To the extent our taxable earnings fall below the total amount of our distributions for that fiscal year, a portion of those distributions may be deemed a return of capital to our stockholders. Thus, the source of a distribution to our stockholders may be the original capital invested by the stockholder rather than our taxable ordinary income or capital gains. Stockholders should read any written disclosure accompanying a distribution payment carefully and should not assume that the source of any distribution is taxable ordinary income or capital gains. The final determination of the nature of our distributions can only be made upon the filing of our tax return. We have until October 15, 2023 to file our U.S. federal income tax return for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

75 

The following table reflects the cash distributions, including distributions reinvested, if any, per share that we have paid on our common stock since the beginning of the 2020 fiscal year through 2022: 

Date Declared 

Record Date 

Payment Date 

Total Distributions 

GAAP net investment income 

Distributions in excess of/ (less than) GAAP net investment income (1) 

Fiscal 2022 

July 21, 2022 

December 16, 2022 

December 30, 2022 

0.035 

N/A 

July 21, 2022 

November 16, 2022 

November 30, 2022 

0.035 

N/A 

July 21, 2022 

October 17, 2022 

October 31, 2022 

0.035 

N/A 

Total (Fourth Quarter 2022) 

0.105 

0.13 

(0.03 

April 21, 2022 

September 16, 2022 

September 30, 2022 

0.035 

N/A 

April 21, 2022 

August 17, 2022 

August 31, 2022 

0.035 

N/A 

April 21, 2022 

July 15, 2022 

July 29, 2022 

0.035 

N/A 

Total (Third Quarter 2022) 

0.105 

0.11 

(0.01 

March 1, 2022 

June 16, 2022 

June 30, 2022 

0.035 

N/A 

March 1, 2022 

May 17, 2022 

May 31, 2022 

0.035 

N/A 

March 1, 2022 

April 15, 2022 

April 29, 2022 

0.035 

N/A 

Total (Second Quarter 2022) 

0.105 

0.09 

0.02 

October 22, 2021 

March 17, 2022 

March 31, 2022 

0.035 

N/A 

October 22, 2021 

February 14, 2022 

February 28, 2022 

0.035 

N/A 

October 22, 2021 

January 17, 2022 

January 31, 2022 

0.035 

N/A 

Total (First Quarter 2022) 

0.105 

0.09 

0.02 

Total (2022) 

0.420 

(1) 

0.42 

Fiscal 2021 

July 22, 2021 

December 17, 2021 

December 31, 2021 

0.035 

N/A 

July 22, 2021 

November 16, 2021 

November 30, 2021 

0.035 

N/A 

July 22, 2021 

October 15, 2021 

October 29, 2021 

0.035 

N/A 

Total (Fourth Quarter 2021) 

0.105 

0.09 

0.02 

April 22, 2021 

September 16, 2021 

September 30, 2021 

0.035 

N/A 

April 22, 2021 

August 17, 2021 

August 31, 2021 

0.035 

N/A 

April 22, 2021 

July 16, 2021 

July 30, 2021 

0.035 

N/A 

Total (Third Quarter 2021) 

0.105 

0.08 

0.02 

February 23, 2021 

June 16, 2021 

June 30, 2021 

0.035 

N/A 

February 23, 2021 

May 14, 2021 

May 28, 2021 

0.035 

N/A 

February 23, 2021 

April 16, 2021 

April 30, 2021 

0.035 

N/A 

Total (Second Quarter 2021) 

0.105 

0.06 

0.05 

October 22, 2020 

March 17, 2021 

March 31, 2021 

0.035 

N/A 

October 22, 2020 

February 12, 2021 

February 26, 2021 

0.035 

N/A 

October 22, 2020 

January 15, 2021 

January 29, 2021 

0.035 

N/A 

Total (First Quarter 2021) 

0.105 

0.10 

Total (2021) 

0.420 

(2) 

0.32 

(4) 

0.10 

(4) 

Fiscal 2020 

September 11, 2020 

December 16, 2020 

December 31, 2020 

0.035 

N/A 

September 11, 2020 

November 13, 2020 

November 30, 2020 

0.035 

N/A 

September 11, 2020 

October 16, 2020 

October 30, 2020 

0.035 

N/A 

Total (Fourth Quarter 2020) 

0.105 

0.10 

June 1, 2020 

September 16, 2020 

September 30, 2020 

0.035 

N/A 

June 1, 2020 

August 17, 2020 

August 31, 2020 

0.035 

N/A 

June 1, 2020 

July 17, 2020 

July 31, 2020 

0.035 

N/A 

Total (Third Quarter 2020) 

0.105 

0.09 

0.01 

February 24, 2020 

June 15, 2020 

June 30, 2020 

0.067 

N/A 

February 24, 2020 

May 14, 2020 

May 29, 2020 

0.067 

N/A 

February 24, 2020 

April 15, 2020 

April 30, 2020 

0.067 

N/A 

Total (Second Quarter 2020) 

0.201 

0.09 

0.11 

October 25, 2019 

March 17, 2020 

March 31, 2020 

0.067 

N/A 

October 25, 2019 

February 14, 2020 

February 28, 2020 

0.067 

N/A 

October 25, 2019 

January 17, 2020 

January 31, 2020 

0.067 

N/A 

Total (First Quarter 2020) 

0.201 

0.13 

0.07 

Total (2020) 

0.612 

(3) 

0.40 

(4) 

0.21 

(4) 

76 

____________ (1) The tax characterization of cash distributions for the year ended December 31, 2022 will not be known until the tax return for such year is finalized. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the amounts and sources of distributions reported are only estimates and are not being provided for U.S. tax reporting purposes. The final determination of the source of all distributions in 2022 will be made after year -end and the amounts represented may be materially different from the amounts disclosed in the final Form 1099 -DIV notice. The actual amounts and sources of the amounts for tax reporting purposes will depend upon the Company s investment performance and may be subject to change based on tax regulations. 
		 (2) Cash distributions for the year ended December 31, 2021 represented 100 net investment income and therefore there was no tax return of capital. 
		 (3) Cash distributions for the year ended December 31, 2020 include a tax return of capital of approximately 0.38 per share. 
		 (4) Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
		 RELATED PARTIES 
		 We have a number of business relationships with affiliated or related parties, including the following: 
		 We have entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with Oxford Square Management. Oxford Square Management is controlled by Oxford Funds, its managing member. In addition to Oxford Funds, Oxford Square Management is owned by Charles M. Royce, a member of our Board, who holds a minority, non -controlling interest in Oxford Square Management as the non -managing member. Oxford Funds, as the managing member of Oxford Square Management, manages the business and internal affairs of Oxford Square Management. In addition, Oxford Funds provides us with office facilities and administrative services pursuant to the Administration Agreement. 
		 Messrs. Cohen and Rosenthal also currently serve as Chief Executive Officer and President, respectively, at Oxford Gate Management, LLC, the investment adviser to the Oxford Gate Funds and Oxford Bridge II, LLC. Oxford Funds is the managing member of Oxford Gate Management, LLC. In addition, Bruce L. Rubin serves as the Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, and Gerald Cummins serves as the Chief Compliance Officer, respectively, of Oxford Gate Management, LLC. 
		 Messrs. Cohen and Rosenthal currently serve as Chief Executive Officer and President, respectively, of Oxford Lane Capital Corp., a non -diversified closed -end management investment company that invests primarily in equity and junior debt tranches of CLO vehicles, and its investment adviser, Oxford Lane Management, LLC. Oxford Funds provides Oxford Lane Capital Corp. with office facilities and administrative services pursuant to an administration agreement and also serves as the managing member of Oxford Lane Management, LLC. In addition, Bruce L. Rubin serves as the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary of Oxford Lane Capital Corp. and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Oxford Lane Management, LLC, and Mr. Cummins serves as the Chief Compliance Officer of Oxford Lane Capital Corp. and Oxford Lane Management, LLC. 
		 As a result, certain conflicts of interest may arise with respect to the management of our portfolio by Messrs. Cohen and Rosenthal on the one hand, and the obligations of Messrs. Cohen and Rosenthal to manage Oxford Lane Capital Corp., Oxford Bridge II, LLC and the Oxford Gate Funds, respectively, on the other hand. 
		 Oxford Square Management, Oxford Lane Management, LLC and Oxford Gate Management, LLC are subject to a written policy with respect to the allocation of investment opportunities among the Company, Oxford Lane Capital Corp., Oxford Bridge II, LLC and the Oxford Gate Funds. Where investments are suitable for more than one entity, the allocation policy generally provides that, depending on size and subject to current and anticipated cash availability, the absolute size of the investment as well as its relative size compared to the total assets of each entity, current and anticipated weighted average costs of capital, among other factors, an investment amount will be determined by the adviser to each entity. If the investment opportunity is sufficient for each entity to receive its investment amount, then each entity receives the investment amount; otherwise, the investment amount is reduced pro rata. On June 14, 2017, the Securities and Exchange Commission issued an order permitting the Company and certain of its affiliates to complete negotiated co -investment transactions in portfolio companies, subject to certain conditions (the Order ). Subject to satisfaction of certain conditions to the Order, the Company and certain of its affiliates are now permitted, together with any future BDCs, registered closed -end funds and certain private funds, each of whose investment adviser is the Company s investment adviser or an investment adviser controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Company s investment adviser, to co -invest in negotiated investment opportunities where doing so would otherwise be prohibited under the 1940 Act, providing 

77 

the Company s stockholders with access to a broader array of investment opportunities. Pursuant to the Order, we are permitted to co -invest in such investment opportunities with our affiliates if a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our independent directors make certain conclusions in connection with a co -investment transaction, including, but not limited to, that (1) the terms of the potential co -investment transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching in respect of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned, and (2) the potential co -investment transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our then -current investment objective and strategies. 
		 In the ordinary course of business, we may enter into transactions with portfolio companies that may be considered related party transactions. In order to ensure that we do not engage in any prohibited transactions with any persons affiliated with us, we have implemented certain policies and procedures whereby our executive officers screen each of our transactions for any possible affiliations between the proposed portfolio investment, us, companies controlled by us and our employees and directors. We will not enter into any agreements unless and until we are satisfied that doing so will not raise concerns under the 1940 Act or, if such concerns exist, we have taken appropriate actions to seek board review and approval or exemptive relief for such transaction. Our Board reviews these procedures on an annual basis. 
		 We have also adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics which applies to our senior officers, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as well as all of our officers, directors and employees. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics requires that all employees and directors avoid any conflict, or the appearance of a conflict, between an individual s personal interests and our interests. Pursuant to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, each employee and director must disclose any conflicts of interest, or actions or relationships that might give rise to a conflict. Our Audit Committee is charged with approving any waivers under our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. As required by the NASDAQ Global Select Market corporate governance listing standards, the Audit Committee of our Board is also required to review and approve any transactions with related parties (as such term is defined in Item 404 of Regulation S -K ). 
		 Information concerning related party transactions is included in the financial statements and related notes, appearing elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10 -K . 
		 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
		 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified investment valuation and investment income as critical accounting policies. 
		 Investment Valuation 
		 We fair value our investment portfolio in accordance with the provisions of ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure ASC 820 and Rule 2a -5 under the 1940 Act. Estimates made in the preparation of our financial statements include the valuation of investments and the related amounts of unrealized appreciation and depreciation of investments recorded. We believe that there is no single definitive method for determining fair value in good faith. As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the specific facts and circumstances of each portfolio investment while employing a consistently applied valuation process for the types of investments we make. 
		 ASC 820 -10 clarified the definition of fair value and requires companies to expand their disclosure about the use of fair value to measure assets and liabilities in interim and annual periods subsequent to initial recognition. ASC 820 -10 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. ASC 820 -10 also establishes a three -tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. These tiers include: Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; Level 2, which includes inputs such as quoted prices for similar securities in active markets and quoted prices for identical securities in markets that are not active; and Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs for which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions. We consider the attributes of current market conditions on an on -going basis and 

78 

have determined that due to the general illiquidity of the market for its investment portfolio, whereby little or no market data exists, substantially all of our fair valued investments are measured based upon Level 3 inputs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
		 Good Faith Determinations of Fair Value , Rule 2a -5 under the 1940 Act Rule 2a -5 was adopted by the SEC in December 2020 and establishes requirements for determining fair value in good faith for purposes of the 1940 Act. Our Board of Directors has adopted valuation policies and procedures that are intended to comply with Rule 2a -5 . 
		 Our Board of Directors determines the value of our investment portfolio each quarter. In connection with that determination, members of Oxford Square Management s portfolio management team prepare a quarterly analysis of each portfolio investment using the most recent portfolio company financial statements, forecasts and other relevant financial and operational information. We also engage third -party valuation firms to provide assistance in valuing certain of its syndicated loans and bilateral investments, including related equity investments, although our Board of Directors ultimately determines the appropriate valuation of each such investment. Changes in fair value, as described above, are recorded in the statements of operations as net change in unrealized appreciation/depreciation. 
		 Syndicated Loans (Including Senior Secured Notes) 
		 In accordance with ASC 820 -10 , our valuation procedures specifically provide for the review of indicative quotes supplied by the large agent banks that make a market for each security. However, the marketplace from which we obtain indicative bid quotes for purposes of determining the fair value of our syndicated loan investments has shown attributes of illiquidity as described by ASC -820-10 . During such periods of illiquidity, when we believe that the non -binding indicative bids received from agent banks for certain syndicated investments that we own may not be determinative of their fair value or when no market indicative quote is available, we may engage third -party valuation firms to provide assistance in valuing certain syndicated investments that we own. The third -party valuation firms may use the income or market approach in arriving at a valuation. Unobservable inputs utilized could include discount rates derived from estimated credit spreads and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization multiples. In addition, Oxford Square Management analyzes each syndicated loan by reviewing the company s financial statements, covenant compliance and recent trading activity in the security (if known), and other business developments related to the portfolio company. All available information, including non -binding indicative bids which may not be determinative of fair value, is presented to the Valuation Committee to consider in its determination of fair value. In some instances, there may be limited trading activity in a security even though the market for the security is considered not active. In such cases the Valuation Committee will consider the number of trades, the size and timing of each trade, and other circumstances around such trades, to the extent such information is available, in its determination of fair value. The Valuation Committee will evaluate the impact of such additional information, and factor it into its consideration of the fair value that is indicated by the analysis provided by third -party valuation firms, if any. 
		 Collateralized Loan Obligations Debt and Equity 
		 We have acquired a number of debt and equity positions in CLO investment vehicles and CLO warehouse investments. These investments are special purpose financing vehicles. In valuing such investments, we consider the indicative prices provided by a recognized industry pricing service as a primary source, and the implied yield of such prices, supplemented by actual trades executed in the market at or around period -end , as well as the indicative prices provided by the broker who arranges transactions in such investment vehicles. We also consider those instances in which the record date for an equity distribution payment falls on the last day of the period, and the likelihood that a prospective purchaser would require a downward adjustment to the indicative price representing substantially all of the pending distribution. Additional factors include any available information on other relevant transactions including firm bids and offers in the market and information resulting from bids -wanted-in-competition . In addition, we consider the operating metrics of the specific investment vehicle, including compliance with collateralization tests, defaulted and restructured securities, and payment defaults, if any. Oxford Square Management or the Valuation Committee may request an additional analysis by a third -party firm to assist in the valuation process of CLO investment vehicles. All information is presented to our Board for its determination of fair value of these investments. 

79 

Bilateral Investments (Including Equity) 
		 Bilateral investments (as defined below) for which market quotations are readily available are valued by an independent pricing agent or market maker. If such market quotations are not readily available, under the valuation procedures approved by our Board upon the recommendation of the Valuation Committee, a third -party valuation firm will prepare valuations for each of our bilateral investments that, when combined with all other investments in the same portfolio company, have a value as of the previous quarter of greater than or equal to 2.0 of its total assets as of the previous quarter. In addition, in those instances where a third -party valuation is prepared for a portfolio investment which meets the parameters noted above, the frequency of those third -party valuations is based upon the grade assigned to each such security under its credit grading system as follows: Grade 1, at least annually; Grade 2, at least semi -annually ; Grades 3, 4, and 5, at least quarterly. Bilateral investments which do not meet the parameters above are not required to have a third -party valuation and, in those instances, a valuation analysis will be prepared by Oxford Square Management. Oxford Square Management also retains the authority to seek, on our behalf, additional third party valuations with respect to both our bilateral portfolio securities and our syndicated loan investments. Our Board retains ultimate authority as to the third -party review cycle as well as the appropriate valuation of each investment. 
		 The term Bilateral investments means debt and equity investments directly negotiated between the Company and a portfolio company, but excludes syndicated loans (i.e., corporate loans arranged by an agent on behalf of a company, portions of which are held by multiple investors in addition to OXSQ). 
		 Refer to Note 3. Fair Value in the notes to our financial statements for more information on investment valuation and our portfolio of investments. 
		 INVESTMENT INCOME: 
		 Interest Income 
		 Interest income is recorded on an accrual basis using the contractual rate applicable to each debt investment and includes the accretion of market discounts and/or OID and amortization of market premiums. Discounts from and premiums to par value on securities purchased are accreted/amortized into interest income over the life of the respective security using the effective yield method. The amortized cost of investments represents the original cost adjusted for the accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums, if any. 
		 Generally, when interest and/or principal payments on a loan become past due, or if we otherwise do not expect the borrower to be able to service its debt and other obligations, we will place the loan on non -accrual status and will generally cease recognizing interest income on that loan for financial reporting purposes until all principal and interest have been brought current through payment or due to restructuring such that the interest income is deemed to be collectible. We generally restore non -accrual loans to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid and, in our judgment, is likely to remain current. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had three debt investments that were on non -accrual status. 
		 Interest income also includes a PIK component on certain investments in our portfolio. Refer to the section below, Payment -In-Kind , for a description of PIK income and its impact on interest income. 
		 Payment-In-Kind 
		 We have debt and preferred stock investments in our portfolio that contain contractual PIK provisions. PIK interest and preferred stock dividends are computed at their contractual rates and are accrued into income and added to the principal balances on the capitalization dates. Upon capitalization, the PIK portions of the investments are valued at their respective fair values. If we believe that a PIK is not fully expected to be realized, the PIK investment would be placed on non -accrual status. When a PIK investment is placed on non -accrual status, the accrued, uncapitalized interest or dividends would be reversed from the related receivable through interest or dividend income, respectively. PIK investments on non -accrual status are restored to accrual status once it becomes probable that such PIK will be ultimately collectible in cash. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no PIK preferred stock dividends were recognized as dividend income. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no PIK interest was recognized as interest income. 

80 

Income from Securitization Vehicles and Equity Investments 
		 Income from investments in the equity class securities of CLO vehicles (typically income notes or subordinated notes) is recorded using the effective yield method in accordance with the provisions of ASC 325 -40 , Beneficial Interests in Securitized Financial Assets , based upon estimated cash flows, amounts and timing including those CLO equity investments that have not made their inaugural distribution for the relevant period end. We monitor the expected residual payments, and effective yield is determined and updated periodically, as needed. Accordingly, investment income recognized on CLO equity securities in the GAAP statements of operations differs from both the tax -basis investment income and from the cash distributions actually received by us during the period. 
		 We also record income on our investments in certain securitization vehicles (or CLO warehouse facilities based on a stated rate per the underlying note purchase agreement plus accrued interest or, if there is no stated rate, then an estimated rate is calculated using a base case model projecting the timing of the ramp -up of the CLO warehouse facility. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no investments in CLO warehouse facilities. 
		 Other Income 
		 Other income includes prepayment, amendment, and other fees earned by our loan investments, distributions from fee letters and success fees associated with portfolio investments. Distributions from fee letters are an enhancement to the return on a CLO equity investment and are based upon a percentage of the collateral manager s fees above the amortized cost, and are recorded as other income when earned. We may also earn success fees associated with our investments in certain securitization vehicles or CLO warehouse facilities, which are contingent upon a repayment of the warehouse by a permanent CLO structure; such fees are earned and recognized when the repayment is completed. 
		 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
		 See Note 15. Recent Accounting Pronouncements to our financial statements for a description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the impact on our financial statements. 
		 RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
		 The following distributions payable to stockholders are shown below: 

Date Declared 

Record Dates 

Payable Dates 

Per Share Distribution Amount Declared 

October 20, 2022 

January 17, 2023 

January 31, 2023 

0.035 

October 20, 2022 

February 14, 2023 

February 28, 2023 

0.035 

October 20, 2022 

March 17, 2023 

March 31, 2023 

0.035 

March 16, 2023 

April 14, 2023 

April 28, 2023 

0.035 

March 16, 2023 

May 17, 2023 

May 31, 2023 

0.035 

March 16, 2023 

June 16, 2023 

June 30, 2023 

0.035 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
		 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, all debt investments in our portfolio were at variable interest rates, representing approximately 307.2 million in principal debt. As of December 31, 2022, all except three of our variable rate investments were income producing. The variable rates are generally based upon the five -year U.S. Department of Treasury note, the Prime rate, SOFR, or LIBOR, and, in the case of our bilateral investments, are generally reset annually, whereas our non -bilateral investments generally reset quarterly. We expect that future debt investments will generally be made at variable rates. Many of the variable rate investments contain interest rate floors. 
		 Interest rate risk is defined as the sensitivity of our current and future earnings to interest rate volatility, including relative changes in different interest rates, variability of spread relationships, the difference in re -pricing intervals between our assets and liabilities and the effect that interest rates may have on our cash flows. Changes 

81 

in the general level of interest rates can affect our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income earned on interest earning assets and our interest expense incurred in connection with our interest -bearing debt and liabilities. Changes in interest rates can also affect, among other things, our ability to acquire leveraged loans, high yield bonds and other debt investments and the value of our investment portfolio. 
		 We may in the future hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options and forward contracts. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in the benefits of lower interest rates with respect to the investments in our portfolio with fixed interest rates. 
		 Based on our Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022, the following table shows the annualized impact on net investment income of hypothetical base rate changes in interest rates for our settled investments (considering interest rate floors for floating rate instruments), excluding CLO equity investments. The base interest rate case assumes the rates on our portfolio investments remain unchanged from the actual effective interest rates as of December 31, 2022. These hypothetical calculations are based on a model of the investments in our portfolio, held as of December 31, 2022, and are only adjusted for assumed changes in the underlying base interest rates. Although management believes that this analysis is indicative of our existing interest rate sensitivity, it does not adjust for changes in the credit quality, size and composition of our portfolio, and other business developments, including a change in the level of our borrowings, that could affect the net increase (or decrease) in net assets resulting from operations. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that actual results would not differ materially from the results under this hypothetical analysis. 

Hypothetical Change in LIBOR 

Estimated Percentage change in Investment Income 

Up 300 basis points 

17.6 

Up 200 basis points 

11.7 

Up 100 basis points 

5.9 

Down 25 basis points 

(1.5 

Down 50 basis points 

(2.9 

Down 100 basis points 

(5.9 

82 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
		 Index to Financial Statements 
		 	 	 	 	 	 	 Page 	 	 	 	 	 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 	 	 	 	 F-2 	 	 	 	 	 Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 	 	 	 	 F-4 	 	 	 	 	 Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 	 	 	 	 F-5 	 	 	 	 	 Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2021 	 	 	 	 F-12 	 	 	 	 	 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 	 	 	 	 F-19 	 	 	 	 	 Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 	 	 	 	 F-20 	 	 	 	 	 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 	 	 	 	 F-21 	 	 	 	 	 Notes to Financial Statements 	 	 	 	 F-22 	 	 	 

F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
		 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Oxford Square Capital Corp. 
		 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
		 We have audited the accompanying statements of assets and liabilities, including the schedules of investments, of Oxford Square Capital Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and the related statements of operations, changes in net assets and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
		 Basis for Opinion 
		 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
		 We conducted our audits of these financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
		 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 by correspondence with the custodian, agent banks, and portfolio company investees. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
		 Critical Audit Matters 
		 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
		 Valuation of Syndicated Loan (Including Senior Secured Notes) and CLO Equity Level 3 Investments 
		 As described in Notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements, the Company s fair value of syndicated loans (comprised of senior secured notes) and CLO equity investments was 211.4 million and 98.9 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. Management applies judgment to the specific facts and circumstances of each level 3 investment when determining fair value, which involves the use of significant unobservable inputs with respect to (i) for syndicated loan investments: non -binding indicative bids received from agent banks, discount rates derived from estimated credit spreads, EBITDA multiples, and recent trading activity, and (ii) for CLO equity investments: indicative prices provided by a recognized industry pricing service, and the implied yield of such prices, 

F-2 

supplemented by actual trades executed in the market at or around period -end , as well as indicative prices provided by brokers who arrange the transactions. For syndicated loan investments, when determining fair value, management also analyzes each syndicated loan by reviewing the portfolio company s financial statements, covenant compliance and other business developments. Additionally, for syndicated loans that have certain attributes as discussed in Note 2, management uses a third -party valuation firm. For CLO equity investments, management considers, among other factors, operating metrics of the specific investment vehicle, including compliance with collateralization tests, defaulted and restructured securities, and payment defaults in determining fair value. 
		 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of syndicated loan and CLO equity level 3 investments is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimates of syndicated loan and CLO equity level 3 investments, (ii) to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant unobservable inputs, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
		 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of syndicated loan and CLO equity level 3 investments, including controls over management s methods, significant unobservable inputs, and data. These procedures also included, among others (i) developing an independent fair value estimate by obtaining independent pricing from third -party vendors, when available, and comparing management s estimate to the independent estimate to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimate, and/or (ii) for a selection of investments, professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in developing an independent range of prices using available market inputs, independently constructed models and independently determined significant unobservable inputs, and comparing management s estimate to the independent range of prices to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimate. Developing an independent range of prices involved testing the completeness and accuracy of data provided by management. 
		 Income from Securitization Vehicles and Investments 
		 As described in Notes 2 and 8 to the financial statements, the Company recorded income from securitization vehicles and investments of 17.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which represents income from investments in the equity class securities of CLO vehicles (typically income notes or subordinated notes). The Company s income from securitization vehicles and investments is recorded using the effective interest method based upon estimated cash flows, amounts and timing, including those CLO equity investments that have not made their inaugural distribution for the relevant period end. 
		 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the income from securitization vehicles and investments is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the estimates of the income from securitization vehicles and investments; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to estimated cash flows, amounts and timing used in the effective interest method; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
		 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements. These procedures included, among others (i) testing management s process for developing the estimates of the income from securitization vehicles and investments; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the effective interest method; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of data used by management in the effective interest method; and (iv) the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in (a) calculating the effective yield for a selection of securities and (b) evaluating the reasonableness of management s significant assumptions related to estimated cash flows, amounts and timing. 
		 /s/ March 23, 2023 
		 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2003. 

F-3 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Non-affiliated/non-control investments (cost: and , respectively) 	 

Affiliated investments (cost: and , respectively) 	 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Interest and distributions receivable 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES 

Notes payable 6.50 Unsecured Notes, net of deferred issuance costs of and , respectively 	 

Notes payable 6.25 Unsecured Notes, net of deferred issuance costs of and , respectively 	 

Notes payable 5.50 Unsecured Notes, net of deferred issuance costs of and , respectively 	 

Base Fee and Net Investment Income Incentive Fee payable to affiliate 

Accrued interest payable 

Accrued expenses 

Total liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 9) 

NET ASSETS 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 	 

Capital in excess of par value 

Total distributable earnings/(accumulated losses) 

Total net assets 

Total liabilities and net assets 

Net asset value per common share 

See Accompanying Notes. 

F-4 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS December 31, 2022 

COMPANY/INVESTMENT (1)(20) 

ACQUISITION DATE 

PRINCIPAL AMOUNT 

COST 

FAIR VALUE (2) 

of Net Assets 

Senior Secured Notes 

Business Services 

Access CIG, LLC 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(14)(15) 	 

Convergint Technologies, LLC 

first lien senior secured notes, (SOFR+ ), floor) due (4)(5)(14)(31) 	 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(14)(15) 	 

OMNIA Partners, Inc. 

second lien senior secured notes, (SOFR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(6)(14)(30) 	 

Premiere Global Services, Inc. 

first lien senior secured notes, 13.00 (Prime Rate + ), floor) due (4)(5)(6)(17)(29)(32) 	 

replacement revolver, 13.00 (Prime Rate + ), floor) due (4)(5)(17)(28)(29) 	 

second lien senior secured notes, Cash, 13.51 PIK (LIBOR + ( floor) due (3)(4)(5)(16)(17) 	 

Verifone Systems, Inc. 

first lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(6)(14)(16) 	 

Total Business Services 

Diversified Insurance 

Affinion Insurance Solutions, Inc. (f/k/a AIS Intermediate, LLC) 

first lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(6)(14)(16) 	 

Total Diversified Insurance 

Healthcare 

Careismatic Brands, Inc. (f/k/a New Trojan Parent, Inc.) 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(14)(15) 	 

HealthChannels, Inc. (f/k/a ScribeAmerica, LLC) 

first lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(6)(14)(15) 	 

(continued on next page) 
		 See Accompanying Notes. 

F-5 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) December 31, 2022 

COMPANY/INVESTMENT (1)(20) 

ACQUISITION DATE 

PRINCIPAL AMOUNT 

COST 

FAIR VALUE (2) 

of Net Assets 

Senior Secured Notes (continued) 

Viant Medical Holdings, Inc. 

first lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(6)(14)(15) 	 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(14)(15) 	 

Total Healthcare 

Plastics Manufacturing 

Spectrum Holdings III Corp. (f/k/a KPEX Holdings, Inc.) 

first lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(6)(14)(15) 	 

Total Plastics Manufacturing 

Software 

Aspect Software, Inc. 

first lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(6)(10)(14) 	 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due May 7, 2029 (4)(5)(10)(14) 	 

Dodge Data Analytics, LLC 

first lien senior secured notes, (SOFR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(6)(14)(25) 	 

second lien senior secured notes, (SOFR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(14)(25) 	 

Fortra, LLC (f/k/a Help/Systems Holdings, Inc.) 

first lien senior secured notes, (SOFR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(14)(30) 	 

second lien senior secured notes, (SOFR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(14)(30) 	 

Magenta Buyer, LLC (f/k/a McAfee Enterprise) 

first lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(6)(14)(16) 	 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(14)(16) 	 

Quest Software, Inc. 

first lien senior secured notes, (SOFR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(6)(14)(30) 	 

second lien senior secured notes, (SOFR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(14)(30) 	 

(continued on next page) 
		 See Accompanying Notes. 

F-6 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) December 31, 2022 

COMPANY/INVESTMENT (1)(20) 

ACQUISITION DATE 

PRINCIPAL AMOUNT 

COST 

FAIR VALUE (2) 

of Net Assets 

Senior Secured Notes (continued) 

RSA Security, LLC 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(14)(16) 	 

Veritas USA, Inc. 

first lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(16) 	 

Total Software 

Telecommunication Services 

ConvergeOne Holdings, Inc. 

first lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(6)(14)(15) 	 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(14)(15) 	 

Global Tel Link Corp. 

second lien senior secured notes, (SOFR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(14)(30) 	 

Total Telecommunication Services 

Utilities 

CLEAResult Consulting, Inc. 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(15) 	 

Total Utilities 

Total Senior Secured Notes 

Collateralized Loan Obligation Equity Investments 

Structured Finance 

Atlas Senior Loan Fund XI, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18)(24) 	 

Babson CLO Ltd. 2015-I 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18) 	 

BlueMountain CLO 2014-2 Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18) 	 

Carlyle Global Market Strategies CLO 2013-2, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18)(24) 	 

Carlyle Global Market Strategies CLO 2021-6, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(14)(18) 	 

(continued on next page) 
		 See Accompanying Notes. 

F-7 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) December 31, 2022 

COMPANY/INVESTMENT (1)(20) 

ACQUISITION DATE 

PRINCIPAL AMOUNT 

COST 

FAIR VALUE (2) 

of Net Assets 

Collateralized Loan Obligation Equity Investments (continued) 

Cedar Funding II CLO, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(13)(14)(18)(26) 	 

Cedar Funding VI CLO, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18) 	 

CIFC Funding 2014-3, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18)(24) 	 

Dryden 43 Senior Loan Fund 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(14)(18) 	 

Madison Park Funding XVIII, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18)(24) 	 

Madison Park Funding XIX, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18)(24) 	 

Nassau 2019-I Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18) 	 

Octagon Investment Partners 49, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(13)(14)(18)(26) 	 

Sound Point CLO XVI, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18) 	 

PPM CLO 4, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18) 	 

Telos CLO 2013-3, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18)(24) 	 

Telos CLO 2013-4, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18)(24) 	 

Telos CLO 2014-5, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18) 	 

THL Credit Wind River 2012-1 CLO, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18) 	 

Venture XVII, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18)(24) 	 

(continued on next page) 
		 See Accompanying Notes. 

F-8 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) December 31, 2022 

COMPANY/INVESTMENT (1)(20) 

ACQUISITION DATE 

PRINCIPAL AMOUNT/ SHARES 

COST 

FAIR VALUE (2) 

of Net Assets 

Collateralized Loan Obligation Equity Investments (continued) 

Venture XX, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18)(24) 	 

Venture 35 CLO, Limited 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18) 	 

Venture 39 CLO, Limited 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(13)(18)(24)(26) 	 

West CLO 2014-1, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18)(24) 	 

Zais CLO 6, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(13)(18)(26) 	 

Total Structured Finance 

Total Collateralized Loan Obligation-Equity Investments 

Common Stock 

IT Consulting 

UniTek Global Services, Inc. 

common equity (7)(27) 

Total IT Consulting 

Total Common Stock 

Preferred Stock 

IT Consulting 

UniTek Global Services, Inc. 

Series B Preferred Stock (3)(17)(21)(27) 

Series B Senior Preferred Stock (3)(17)(22)(27) 

Series B Super Senior Preferred Stock (3)(17)(23)(27) 

Total IT Consulting 

Total Preferred Equity 

Total Investments in Securities (8) 

Cash Equivalents 

First American Government Obligations Fund Class Z Shares, (14)(19) 	 

Total Cash Equivalents 

Total Investments in Securities and Cash Equivalents 

____________ (1) 
		 (2) 
		 (3) 
		 (continued on next page) 
		 See Accompanying Notes. 

F-9 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) December 31, 2022 
		 (4) 
		 (5) 
		 (6) 
		 (7) 
		 (8) 
		 (9) 
		 (10) 
		 (11) Indicates assets that the Company believes do not represent qualifying assets under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. The Company may include CLO equity side letter related investments within CLO equity subordinated notes line items, and those side letter related investments may represent qualifying assets under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. Qualifying assets must represent at least 70 of the Company s total assets at the time of acquisition of any additional non -qualifying assets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company held qualifying assets that represented 70.1 of its total assets. 
		 (12) 
		 (13) 
		 (14) 
		 (15) 
		 (16) 
		 (17) 
		 (18) 
		 (19) 
		 (20) 
		 (21) 
		 (22) 
		 (23) 
		 (24) 
		 (25) 
		 (26) 
		 (continued on next page) 
		 See Accompanying Notes. 

F-10 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) December 31, 2022 
		 (27) 

Name of Issuer 

Title of Issue 

Amount of Interest or Dividends Credited to Income (a) 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 

Gross Additions (b) 

Gross Reductions (c) 

Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2022 

AFFILIATED INVESTMENT: 

UniTek Global Systems, Inc 

Common Stock 

Series B Preferred Stock 

Series B Senior Preferred Stock 

Series B Super Senior Preferred Stock 

Total Affiliated Investment 

Total Control Investment 

TOTAL CONTROL AND AFFILIATED INVESTMENTS 

____________ 
		 (a) 
		 (b) 
		 (c) 
		 (28) 
		 (29) 
		 (30) 
		 (31) 
		 (32) 
		 See Accompanying Notes. 

F-11 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS December 31, 2021 

COMPANY/INVESTMENT (1)(20) 

ACQUISITION DATE 

PRINCIPAL AMOUNT 

COST 

FAIR VALUE (2) 

of Net Assets 

Senior Secured Notes 

Business Services 

Access CIG, LLC 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(14)(15) 	 

ConvergeOne Holdings, Inc. 

first lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(6)(14)(15) 	 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(14)(15) 	 

Convergint Technologies, LLC 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(15) 	 

OMNIA Partners, Inc. 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(6)(14)(16) 	 

Premiere Global Services, Inc. 

first lien senior secured notes, (Prime Rate + due (4)(5)(17)(29) 	 

replacement revolver, (Prime Rate + due (4)(5)(17)(28)(29) 	 

second lien senior secured notes, Cash, PIK (LIBOR + ( floor) due (3)(4)(5)(10)(17) 	 

RSA Security, LLC 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(14)(16) 	 

Verifone Systems, Inc. 

first lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(6)(14)(16) 	 

Total Business Services 

Diversified Insurance 

Affinion Insurance Solutions, Inc. (f/k/a AIS Intermediate, LLC) 

first lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(6)(14)(16) 	 

(continued on next page) 
		 See Accompanying Notes. 

F-12 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) December 31, 2021 

COMPANY/INVESTMENT (1)(20) 

ACQUISITION DATE 

PRINCIPAL AMOUNT 

COST 

FAIR VALUE (2) 

of Net Assets 

Senior Secured Notes (continued) 

AmeriLife Group LLC 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(16) 	 

Total Diversified Insurance 

Healthcare 

Careismatic Brands, Inc. (f/k/a New Trojan Parent, Inc.) 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(16) 	 

HealthChannels, Inc. (f/k/a ScribeAmerica, LLC) 

first lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(6)(14)(15) 	 

Keystone Acquisition Corp. 

first lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(6)(14)(15) 	 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(14)(15) 	 

Viant Medical Holdings, Inc. 

first lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(6)(14)(15) 	 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(14)(15) 	 

Total Healthcare 

Plastics Manufacturing 

Spectrum Holdings III Corp. (f/k/a KPEX Holdings, Inc.) 

first lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(6)(10)(14) 	 

Total Plastics Manufacturing 

Software 

Aspect Software, Inc. 

first lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(6)(14)(16) 	 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(14)(16) 	 

(continued on next page) 
		 See Accompanying Notes. 

F-13 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) December 31, 2021 

COMPANY/INVESTMENT (1)(20) 

ACQUISITION DATE 

PRINCIPAL AMOUNT 

COST 

FAIR VALUE (2) 

of Net Assets 

Senior Secured Notes (continued) 

Help/Systems Holdings, Inc. 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(16) 	 

Magenta Buyer LLC (f/k/a McAfee Enterprise) 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(16) 	 

Quest Software, Inc. 

first lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(6)(14)(16) 	 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(14)(16) 	 

Total Software 

Telecommunications Services 

Global Tel Link Corp. 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(14)(15) 	 

Total Telecommunication Services 

Utilities 

CLEAResult Consulting, Inc. 

second lien senior secured notes, (LIBOR + ), floor) due (4)(5)(15) 	 

Total Utilities 

Total Senior Secured Notes 

Collateralized Loan Obligation Equity Investments 

Structured Finance 

Atlas Senior Loan Fund XI, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18)(24) 	 

Babson CLO Ltd. 2015-I 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18) 	 

BlueMountain CLO 2014-2 Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18) 	 

Carlyle Global Market Strategies CLO 2013-2, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18)(24) 	 

Carlyle Global Market Strategies CLO 2021-6, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(14)(18) 	 

(continued on next page) 
		 See Accompanying Notes. 

F-14 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) December 31, 2021 

COMPANY/INVESTMENT (1)(20) 

ACQUISITION DATE 

PRINCIPAL AMOUNT 

COST 

FAIR VALUE (2) 

of Net Assets 

Collateralized Loan Obligation Equity Investments (continued) 

Cedar Funding II CLO, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18) 	 

Cedar Funding VI CLO, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18) 	 

CIFC Funding 2014-3, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18)(24) 	 

Dryden 43 Senior Loan Fund 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18) 	 

Madison Park Funding XVIII, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18)(24) 	 

Madison Park Funding XIX, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18)(24) 	 

Nassau 2019-I Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18) 	 

Octagon Investment Partners 45, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18) 	 

Octagon Investment Partners 49, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(14)(18) 	 

Sound Point CLO XVI, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(14)(18) 	 

Telos CLO 2013-3, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18)(24) 	 

Telos CLO 2013-4, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18)(24) 	 

Telos CLO 2014-5, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18) 	 

THL Credit Wind River 2012-1 CLO, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18) 	 

Venture XVII, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18)(24) 	 

(continued on next page) 
		 See Accompanying Notes. 

F-15 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) December 31, 2021 

COMPANY/INVESTMENT (1)(20) 

ACQUISITION DATE 

PRINCIPAL AMOUNT/SHARES 

COST 

FAIR VALUE (2) 

of Net Assets 

Collateralized Loan Obligation Equity Investments (continued) 

Venture XX, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18)(24) 	 

Venture 35 CLO, Limited 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18) 	 

Venture 39 CLO, Limited 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18) 	 

West CLO 2014-1, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18)(24) 	 

Westcott Park CLO, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18) 	 

Zais CLO 6, Ltd. 

CLO subordinated notes, estimated yield due (9)(11)(12)(18) 	 

CLO Equity Side Letter Related Investments (11)(12)(13)(25)(26) 

Total Structured Finance 

Total Collateralized Loan Obligation Equity Investments 

Common Stock 

IT Consulting 

UniTek Global Services, Inc. 

Common equity (7)(27) 

Total IT Consulting 

Total Common Stock 

Preferred Stock 

IT Consulting 

UniTek Global Services, Inc. 

Series B Preferred Stock (3)(17)(21)(27) 

Series B Senior Preferred Stock (3)(17)(22)(27) 

Series B Super Senior Preferred Stock (3)(17)(23)(27) 

Total IT Consulting 

Total Preferred Equity 

Total Investments in Securities (8) 

Cash Equivalents 

First American Government Obligations Fund (19) 

Total Cash Equivalents 

Total Investments in Securities and Cash Equivalents 

____________ (1) 
		 (2) Fair value is determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company. 
		 (continued on next page) 
		 See Accompanying Notes. 

F-16 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) December 31, 2021 
		 (3) 
		 (4) 
		 (5) Cost value reflects accretion of original issue discount or market discount, or amortization of premium. 
		 (6) 
		 (7) 
		 (8) 
		 (9) Cost reflects accretion of effective yield less any cash distributions received or entitled to be received from CLO equity investments. 
		 (10) The principal balance outstanding for this debt investment, in whole or in part, is indexed to 180 -day LIBOR. 
		 (11) 
		 (12) Investment not domiciled in the United States. 
		 (13) 
		 (14) Aggregate investments represent greater than 5 of net assets. 
		 (15) The principal balance outstanding for this debt investment, in whole or in part, is indexed to 30 -day LIBOR. 
		 (16) The principal balance outstanding for this debt investment, in whole or in part, is indexed to 90 -day LIBOR. 
		 (17) 
		 (18) The CLO subordinated notes and income notes are considered equity positions in CLO vehicles. Equity investments are entitled to recurring distributions which are generally equal to the remaining cash flow of the payments made by the underlying fund s securities less contractual payments to debt holders and fund expenses. The estimated yield indicated is based on the prior quarters ending investment cost (for previously existing portfolio investments) or the original cost for those investments made during the current quarter, as well as, a current projection of the future cash flows. Such projections are periodically reviewed and adjusted, and the estimated yield may not ultimately be realized. 
		 (19) 
		 (20) The fair value of the investment was determined using significant unobservable inputs. See Note 3. Fair Value. 
		 (21) The Company holds preferred stock in UniTek Global Services, Inc. that is entitled to receive cumulative preferential dividends at a rate of 13.5 per annum payable in additional shares. 
		 (22) The Company holds preferred stock in UniTek Global Services, Inc. that is entitled to receive cumulative preferential dividends at a rate of 19.0 per annum payable in additional shares. 
		 (23) The Company holds preferred stock in UniTek Global Services, Inc. that is entitled to receive cumulative preferential dividends at a rate of 20.0 per annum payable in additional shares. 
		 (24) The investment is co -invested with the Company s affiliates. See Note 7. Related Party Transactions. 
		 (25) 
		 (26) Cost value reflects amortization. 
		 (continued on next page) 
		 See Accompanying Notes. 

F-17 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) December 31, 2021 
		 (27) 

Name of Issuer 

Title of Issue 

Amount of Interest or Dividends Credited to Income (a) 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2020 

Gross Additions (b) 

Gross Reductions (c) 

Net Change in Unrealized Depreciation 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 

AFFILIATED INVESTMENT: 

UniTek Global Systems, Inc 

Common Stock 

Series B Preferred Stock 

Series B Senior Preferred Stock 

Series B Super Senior Preferred Stock 

Total Affiliated Investment 

Total Control Investment 

TOTAL CONTROL AND AFFILIATED INVESTMENTS 

____________ 
		 (a) 
		 (b) 
		 (c) Gross reductions include decreases in investments resulting from principal collections related to investment repayments or sales, the amortization of premiums and acquisition costs. 
		 (28) 
		 (29) 
		 See Accompanying Notes. 

F-18 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

INVESTMENT INCOME 

From non-affiliated/non-control investments: 

Interest income debt investments 

Income from securitization vehicles and investments 

Other income 

Total investment income from non-affiliated/ non-control investments 

Total investment income 

EXPENSES 

Interest expense 

Base Fee 

Professional fees 

Compensation expense 

Director s fees 

Insurance 

Transfer agent and custodian fees 

General and administrative 

Total expenses before incentive fees 

Net Investment Income Incentive Fees 

Capital gains incentive fees 

Total incentive fees 

Total expenses 

Net investment income 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation)/appreciation on investments: 

Non-Affiliate/non-control investments 

Affiliated investments 

Total net change in unrealized (depreciation)/appreciation on investments 

Net realized losses: 

Non-affiliated/non-control investments 

Extinguishment of debt 

Total net realized losses 

Net (decrease)/increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Net increase in net assets resulting from net investment income per common share (Basic and Diluted): 

Net (decrease)/increase in net assets resulting from operations per common share (Basic and Diluted): 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding (Basic and Diluted): 

See Accompanying Notes. 

F-19 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

(Decrease)/increase in net assets from operations: 

Net investment income 

Net realized losses 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation)/appreciation on investments 

Net (decrease)/increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Distributions to stockholders 

Distributions from net investment income 

Total distributions to stockholders 

Capital share transactions: 

Issuance of common stock (net of underwriting fees and offering costs of , , and , respectively) 	 

Reinvestment of distributions 

Net increase in net assets from capital share transactions 

Total (decrease)/increase in net assets 

Net assets at beginning of year 

Net assets at end of year 

Capital share activity: 

Shares issued 

Shares issued from reinvestment of distributions 

Net increase in capital share activity 

See Accompanying Notes. 

F-20 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net (decrease)/increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net (decrease)/increase in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities: 

Accretion of discounts on investments 

Accretion of discount on notes payable and deferred debt issuance costs 

Non-cash interest and dividend income due to PIK. 

Purchases of investments 

Repayments of principal 

Proceeds from the sale of investments 

Net realized losses on investments 

Reductions to CLO equity cost value 

Net change in unrealized depreciation/(appreciation) on investments 

(Increase)/decrease in interest and distributions receivable 

Increase in other assets. 

Increase/(decrease) in accrued interest payable. 

(Decrease)/increase in Base Fee and Net Investment Income Incentive Fee payable 

(Decrease)/increase in accrued expenses 

Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Distributions paid (net of stock issued under distribution reinvestment plan of , and , respectively) 	 

Repayment of credit facility 

Proceeds from issuance of notes payable Unsecured Notes 	 

Debt issuance costs 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Underwriting fees and offering costs for the issuance of common stock 

Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities 

Net increase/(decrease) in cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Value of shares issued in connection with distribution reinvestment plan 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES 

Cash paid for interest 

Securities sold not settled 

Securities purchased not settled 

See Accompanying Notes. 

F-21 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 

F-22 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) 

F-23 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) 

F-24 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) 

F-25 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) 
		 of PIK interest was recognized as interest income. For years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not recognize dividend income due to PIK on its preferred stock investments. 

F-26 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) 

of its investment company taxable income annually, meet diversification requirements quarterly and file Form 1120 -RIC , as defined by the Code. 

F-27 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) 
		 
		 and , respectively. 

CLO Equity 

Equity and Other Investments 

Total Investments at fair value (1) 

Cash equivalents 

Total assets at fair value (1) 

____________ 

CLO Equity 

Equity and Other Investments 

Total Investments at fair value (1) 

Cash equivalents 

Total assets at fair value (1) 

F-28 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 3. FAIR VALUE (cont.) 

2.0 million 	 

CLO Equity 

Equity/Other Investments 

26.5 million/ncm (5) 	 

Total Fair Value for Level 3 Investments (11) 

F-29 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 3. FAIR VALUE (cont.) 

12.3 million/ncm (5) 	 

CLO Equity 

Equity/Other Investments 

18.1 million/ncm (5) 	 

25.0 million/ncm (5) 	 

Total Fair Value for Level 3 Investments (11) 

F-30 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 3. FAIR VALUE (cont.) 

6.25 Unsecured Notes 

5.50 Unsecured Notes 

Total 

million as of December 31, 2022. Unamortized deferred debt issuance costs associated with the 6.25 Unsecured Notes totaled approximately million as of December 31, 2022. Unamortized deferred debt issuance costs associated with the 5.50 Unsecured Notes totaled approximately million as of December 31, 2022. 

F-31 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 3. FAIR VALUE (cont.) 

6.25 Unsecured Notes 

5.50 Unsecured Notes 

Total 

million as of December 31, 2021. Unamortized deferred debt issuance costs associated with the 6.25 Unsecured Notes totaled approximately million as of December 31, 2021. Unamortized deferred debt issuance costs associated with the 5.50 Unsecured Notes totaled approximately million as of December 31, 2021. 

Net realized losses included in earnings 

Net unrealized (depreciation)/appreciation included in earnings 

Accretion of discount 

Purchases 

Repayments and Sales 

Reductions to CLO Equity cost value (1) 

Transfers in and/or (out) of level 3 

Balance at December 31, 2022 (2) 

Net change in unrealized depreciation on Level 3 investments still held as of December 31, 2022 

million represented the distributions received, or entitled to be received, on the Company s investments held in CLO equity subordinated and income notes of approximately million, plus the amortization of cost of the Company s CLO fee notes of approximately , less the effective yield interest income recognized on the Company s CLO equity subordinated and income notes of approximately million. 

F-32 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 3. FAIR VALUE (cont.) 

Net realized losses included in earnings 

Net unrealized appreciation included in earnings 

Accretion of discount 

Purchases 

Repayments and Sales 

Reductions to CLO Equity cost value (1) 

Non-cash interest and dividend income due to PIK 

Transfers in and/or (out) of level 3 

Balance at December 31, 2021 (2) 

Net change in unrealized depreciation on Level 3 investments still held as of December 31, 2021 

million represented the distributions received, or entitled to be received, on the Company s investments held in CLO equity subordinated and income notes of approximately million, plus the amortization of cost of the Company s CLO fee notes of approximately million, less the effective yield interest income recognized on the Company s CLO equity subordinated and income notes of approximately million. 

CLO Equity 

Equity and Other Investments 

Total (1) 

F-33 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Cash Equivalents 

Total Cash and Cash Equivalents 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s asset coverage for borrowed amounts was approximately and , respectively. 

6.25 Unsecured Notes 

5.50 Unsecured Notes 

Total 

Unsecured Notes, Unsecured Notes, and Unsecured Notes was approximately million, million, and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the total unamortized deferred issuance costs for the Unsecured Notes, Unsecured Notes, and Unsecured Notes was approximately million, million, and million, respectively. 

F-34 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 5. BORROWINGS (cont.) 

6.25 Unsecured Notes 

5.50 Unsecured Notes 

Total 

6.25 Unsecured Notes 

5.50 Unsecured Notes 

Total (1) 

____________ 

6.25 Unsecured Notes 

Credit Facility (2) 

Repo Facility 

Total (1) 

____________ 

million in aggregate principal amount of the Unsecured Notes. The Unsecured Notes mature on , and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company s option on or after March 30, 2020. 
		 Unsecured Notes as of December 31, 2022 was approximately , which was approximately the same as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had unamortized deferred debt issuance costs relating to the 6.50 Unsecured Notes of approximately million and million, respectively. The deferred debt issuance costs are being amortized over the term of the 6.50 Unsecured Notes and are included in interest expense in the statements of operations. The cash paid and the effective annualized interest rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately million and , respectively. The cash paid and the effective annualized interest rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 were approximately million and , respectively. 

F-35 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 5. BORROWINGS (cont.) 
		 
		 million in aggregate principal amount of Unsecured Notes. The Unsecured Notes will mature on , and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company s option on or after April 30, 2022. 

million in aggregate principal amount of Unsecured Notes. The 5.50 Unsecured Notes will mature on , and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company s option on or after May 31, 2024. 
		 Unsecured Notes as of December 31, 2022 was approximately million, which was approximately the same as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had unamortized deferred debt issuance costs of approximately million and 2.5 million, respectively, relating to the 5.50 Unsecured Notes. The deferred debt issuance costs are being amortized over the term of the Unsecured Notes and are included in interest expense in the statements of operations. The cash paid and the effective annualized interest rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately million and , respectively. The cash paid and the effective annualized interest rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 were approximately million and , respectively. 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic 

Net increase in net assets resulting from net investment income per common share basic and diluted 

F-36 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 6. EARNINGS PER SHARE (cont.) 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic 

Net (decrease)/increase in net assets resulting from operations per common share basic and diluted 

, and appropriately adjusted for any equity or debt capital raises, repurchases, or redemptions during the current calendar quarter. 
		 , and adjusted pro rata for any share issuances, debt issuances, repurchases or redemptions during the current calendar quarter; provided, however, that no Base Fee is payable on the cash proceeds received by the Company in connection with any share or debt issuances until such proceeds have been invested in accordance with the Company s investment objectives. 

F-37 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 7. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (cont.) 

million and million, respectively. 

to the interest rate then payable on the most recently issued five -year U.S. Treasury Notes, up to a maximum annual hurdle rate of . The annual hurdle rates for the 2022, 2021 and 2020 calendar years, calculated as of the immediately preceding December 31, were 6.26 , , and , respectively, under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement. The Company s net investment income (to the extent not distributed to shareholders) used to calculate the Net Investment Income Incentive Fee was also included in the amount of gross assets used to calculate the Base Fee. 

F-38 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 7. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (cont.) 
		 
		 for the 2022 calendar year). 
		 of the amount of the Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds one -fourth of the annual hurdle rate for the 2022 calendar year) in any calendar quarter is payable to Oxford Square Management (i.e., once the hurdle rate is reached, of all Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income thereafter will be allocated to Oxford Square Management). 
		 
		 by the Company s net asset value at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter. 

of the Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for such quarter, if any, that exceeds the Preferred Return Amount but is less than or equal to a Catch -Up Amount determined on a quarterly basis by multiplying by OXSQ s net asset value at the end of such calendar quarter; and 
		 of the amount of the Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for such quarter. 
		 
		 of the cumulative net increase in net assets resulting from operations (which is the amount, if positive, of the sum of the Pre -Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, realized gains and losses and unrealized appreciation and depreciation) during the calendar quarter for which such fees are being calculated and the eleven (11) preceding quarters exceeds the cumulative Net Investment Income Incentive Fees accrued and/or paid for such eleven (11) preceding quarters. 

F-39 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 7. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (cont.) 

of the Company s Incentive Fee Capital Gains, which consists of its realized capital gains for each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation for that calendar year. For accounting purposes only, in order to reflect the theoretical Capital Gains Incentive Fee that would be payable for a given period as if all unrealized gains were realized, the Company will accrue a Capital Gains Incentive Fee based upon net realized gains and unrealized depreciation for that calendar year (in accordance with the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement), plus unrealized appreciation on investments held at the end of the period. It should be noted that a fee so calculated and accrued would not necessarily be payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement, and may never be paid based upon the computation of Capital Gains Incentive Fees in subsequent periods. Amounts paid under the Investment Advisory Agreement will be consistent with the formula reflected in the Investment Advisory Agreement. 

F-40 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 7. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (cont.) 

, and , respectively, in compensation expenses for the services of employees allocated to the administrative activities of the Company, pursuant to the Administration Agreement with Oxford Funds. In addition, the Company incurred approximately , , and for facility costs allocated under the Administration Agreement for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately payable under the Administration Agreement. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, there were no amounts payable under the Administration Agreement. 

F-41 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Original issue discount and market discount income 

Payment-in-kind interest income 

Discount income derived from unscheduled remittances at par 

Total interest income 

Income from securitization vehicles and investments 

Other income 

Fee letters 

Loan prepayment and bond call fees 

All other fees 

Total other income 

Total investment income 

F-42 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Net investment income (1)(7) 

Net realized and unrealized (losses)/gains (2)(7) 

Net (decrease)/increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Distributions per share from net investment income 

Distributions based on weighted average share impact 

Tax return of capital distributions 

Total distributions (3) 

Effect of shares issued, net of offering expenses 

Effect of shares issued/repurchased, gross 

Net asset value at end of year 

Per share market value at beginning of year 

Per share market value at end of year 

Total return based on Market Value (4) 

Total return based on Net Asset Value (5) 

Shares outstanding at end of year 

Ratios/Supplemental Data (8) 

Net assets at end of year (000 s) 

Average net assets (000 s) 

Ratio of expenses to average net assets 

Ratio of net investment income to average net assets 

Portfolio turnover rate (6) 

____________ 

F-43 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 10. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (cont.) 

million, or per share, is reflected in the year ended December 31, 2015. Prior period amounts are not materially affected. During the quarter ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded an out of period adjustment related to a miscalculation of discount accretion which increased interest income and increased investment cost, by approximately million. For the year ended December 31, 2015, approximately million, or per share, of the adjustment related to prior years. The increase in the investment cost has a corresponding effect on the investment s unrealized depreciation of the same amount. Management concluded the adjustment was not material to previously filed financial statements. 

Net Investment Income Incentive Fees 

Capital Gains Incentive Fees 

Ratio of expenses, excluding interest expense, to average net assets 

2021 

6.25 Unsecured Notes 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

F-44 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 10. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (cont.) 

N/A 

2018 

N/A 

6.50 Unsecured Notes 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

2017 Convertible Notes (6) 

2016 

N/A 

2015 

N/A 

2014 

N/A 

2013 

N/A 

Debt Securitization TICC CLO 2012-1 LLC Senior Notes (7) 

2016 

N/A 

2015 

N/A 

2014 

N/A 

2013 

N/A 

TICC Funding, LLC Revolving Credit Facility (8) 

2014 

N/A 

Debt Securitization TICC CLO LLC Senior Notes (9) 

2013 

N/A 

____________ 
		 of indebtedness. 

F-45 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 10. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (cont.) 

of its annual investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code. The amount to be paid out as a distribution each quarter is determined by the Board and is based upon the annual taxable income estimated by the management of the Company. Income calculated in accordance with U.S. federal income tax regulations differs substantially from GAAP income. To the extent that the Company s cumulative undistributed taxable earnings fall below the amount of distributions declared, however, a portion of the total amount of the Company s distributions for the fiscal year may be deemed a return of capital for tax purposes to the Company s stockholders. 
		 excise tax on such income. The Company will accrue excise tax on estimated excess taxable income, if any, as required. The Company incurred approximately in excise tax relating to the tax year ended December 31, 2021. This amount was expensed and paid during the year ended December 31, 2022, and is included within General and administrative expenses on the Statements of Operations. 
		 from ordinary income. The tax character of distributions declared and paid in 2021 represented, on an estimated basis, from ordinary income. The tax character of distributions declared and paid in 2020 represented, on an estimated basis, from ordinary income. 

Adjustment to accumulated net realized (losses)/gains 

Adjustment to total distributable earnings/(accumulated losses) 

Adjustment to capital in excess of par value 

F-46 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 11. DISTRIBUTIONS (cont.) 
		 , and shares, respectively, of common stock to stockholders for approximately million, million, and million, respectively, in connection with the distribution reinvestment plan. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s dividend administrator did not purchase any shares in the open market to satisfy the reinvestment portion of the Company s dividends. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, as part of the Company s dividend reinvestment plan for its common stockholders, the Company s dividend administrator purchased , and shares, respectively, of common stock for approximately million and million, respectively, in the open market to satisfy the reinvestment portion of the Company s dividends. 
		 of short -term capital losses and of long -term capital losses available to be carried forward for an indefinite period. The tax character of distributions for the year ended December 31, 2022, represented, on an estimated basis, 0.42 per share, from ordinary income. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the amounts and sources of distributions reported are only estimates (based on an average of the reported tax character historically) and are not being provided for U.S. tax reporting purposes. Because the Company believes the historical tax characteristics of distributions is the most useful information which is readily available, the Company has used the average of all years from inception of the Company in providing the estimates herein. However, the timing and character of distributions for federal income tax purposes (which are determined in accordance with the U.S. federal tax rules which may differ from GAAP) may be materially different than the historical information the Company used in providing the estimates herein. The final determination of the source of all distributions in 2022 will be made after year -end and the amounts represented may be materially different from the amounts disclosed in the final Form 1099 -DIV notice. The actual amounts and sources of the amounts for tax reporting purposes will depend upon the Company s investment performance and may be subject to change based on tax regulations. 

Capital loss carry forward 

Unrealized depreciation on investments 

Other timing differences 

Total accumulated losses 

and , respectively. In determining the Company s net asset value per share, the Board determined in good faith the fair value of the Company s portfolio investments for which reliable market quotations are not readily available. 

F-47 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 
		 million of the Company s common stock through an At -the-Market ATM offering. The Company did not sell any shares of common stock under the ATM program during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company sold a total of million shares of common stock, respectively, under the ATM program, which raised net proceeds of approximately million. 

Net Investment Income 

Net decrease in Net Assets resulting from Operations 

Net increase in Net Assets resulting from Net Investment Income, per common share, basic and diluted 

Net decrease in Net Assets resulting from Operations, per common share, basic and diluted (1) 

____________ 

Net Investment Income 

Net Increase in Net Assets resulting from Operations 

Net Increase in Net Assets resulting from Net Investment Income, per common share, basic and diluted (1) 

Net Increase in Net Assets resulting from Operations, per common share, basic and diluted 

F-48 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 14. SELECTED QUARTERLY DATA (unaudited) (cont.) 

Net Investment Income 

Net Increase/(Decrease) in Net Assets resulting from Operations 

Net Increase in Net Assets resulting from Net Investment Income, per common share, basic and diluted (1) 

Net Increase/(Decrease) in Net Assets resulting from Operations, per common share, basic and diluted (1) 

____________ 

F-49 

OXFORD SQUARE CAPITAL CORP. 
		 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
		 NOTE 16. RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES (cont.) 

F-50 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
		 None. 
		 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
		 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
		 As of December 31, 2022 (the end of the period covered by this report), we, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a -15 (e) of the 1934 Act). Based on that evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. However, in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost -benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
		 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
		 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
		 Management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based upon criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on our assessment, management determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
		 (c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
		 Management did not identify any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
		 Item 9B. Other Information 
		 Not applicable. 
		 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
		 Not applicable. 

83 

PART III 
		 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
		 Director and Executive Officer Information 
		 The following table sets forth the names, ages and positions held by each of our directors and executive officers, followed by a brief biography of each individual, including the business experience of each individual during the past five years and the specific qualifications that led to the conclusion that each individual should serve as a director. 

Name 

Age 

Position 

Director Since 

Term Expires 

Interested Directors 

Jonathan H. Cohen 

58 

Chief Executive Officer 

2003 

2024 

Charles M. Royce 

83 

Director 

2003 

2023 

Independent Directors 

Steven P. Novak 

75 

Chairman of the Board 

2003 

2023 

George Stelljes III 

61 

Director 

2016 

2024 

Barry Osherow 

50 

Director 

2021 

2025 

Executive Officers 

Saul B. Rosenthal 

54 

President and Chief Operating Officer 

Bruce L. Rubin 

63 

Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Secretary and Treasurer 

Gerald Cummins 

68 

Chief Compliance Officer 

Jonathan H. Cohen has served as Chief Executive Officer of both OXSQ and Oxford Square Management, and as the managing member of Oxford Funds, since 2003. Mr. Cohen has also served as Chief Executive Officer and Director of Oxford Lane Capital Corp. (NasdaqGS:OXLC), a registered closed -end fund, and as Chief Executive Officer of Oxford Lane Management, since 2010. Since 2018, Mr. Cohen has also served as the Chief Executive Officer of Oxford Gate Management, LLC, or Oxford Gate Management, the investment adviser to Oxford Gate Master Fund, LLC, Oxford Gate, LLC and Oxford Gate (Bermuda), LLC (collectively, the Oxford Gate Funds ), and Oxford Bridge II, LLC. Oxford Bridge II, LLC and the Oxford Gate Funds are private investment funds. Previously, Mr. Cohen managed technology equity research groups at Wit Capital, Merrill Lynch, UBS and Smith Barney. Mr. Cohen received a B.A. in Economics from Connecticut College and an M.B.A. from Columbia University. Mr. Cohen s depth of experience in managerial positions in investment management, securities research and financial services, as well as his intimate knowledge of our business and operations, gives our Board of Directors valuable industry -specific knowledge and expertise on these and other matters. 
		 Steven P. Novak currently serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Quisk, Inc. an early stage mobile payments company, in the process of liquidating its assets. Mr. Novak also served on the Board of Directors of CyberSource Corporation, a payment processing and fraud management company, until its July 2010 acquisition by Visa, Inc. In the course of his tenure at CyberSource Corporation, he served as Chairman of the Audit and Nominating Committees and as Lead Independent Director. Mr. Novak previously served as President of Palladio Capital Management, LLC and as the Principal and Managing Member of the General Partner of Palladio Partners, LP, an equities hedge fund, from July 2002 until July 2009. Mr. Novak received a Bachelor of Science degree from Purdue University and an M.B.A. from Harvard University. A Chartered Financial Analyst, Mr. Novak s financial expertise from his experience as a financial manager and varied roles on the boards of both publicly -traded and privately -held companies qualifies him to serve as chairman of our Board of Directors and provides our Board of Directors with particular technology -related knowledge and the perspective of a knowledgeable corporate leader. 

84 

Charles M. Royce currently serves as Chairman of the Board of Managers of Royce Associates, LP. Prior to 2017, Mr. Royce served as Chief Executive Officer of Royce Associates, LP since 1972. He also manages or co -manages eight of Royce Associates, LP s open- and closed -end registered funds. Mr. Royce serves on the Board of Trustees of The Royce Funds. Mr. Royce s history with us, familiarity with our investment platform, and extensive knowledge of the financial services industry and the investment valuation process in particular qualify him to serve as a member of our Board of Directors. 
		 Barry Osherow is currently a partner at Level Equity Management, LLC Level Equity ), a private investment firm focused on rapidly growing software and technology -driven businesses, and manages Level Equity s structured capital business. Prior to joining Level Equity in 2016, Mr. Osherow held various positions with Enhanced Capital Partners, Inc., including Managing Partner and Investment Committee Member of the firm s SBIC fund and Managing Director and Head of Debt Investments. Prior to that, Mr. Osherow was a member of the founding team of Oxford Square Capital Corp. and served as Principal at Oxford Square Capital Corp. from 2002 to 2008. Previously, Mr. Osherow was an Associate in the Private Equity Group at Wit Capital (which became SoundView Technology Group) focused on raising private equity for technology and Internet businesses and was a member of the founding team in 1996. Mr. Osherow also previously served as Vice President of Business Development at Spring Street Brewing Company and an Associate with Lehman Brothers. He graduated from Babson College with a B.S. with a concentration in International Business. Mr. Osherow was selected to serve as a director on our board of directors due to his more than twenty -five years of experience as a finance executive and extensive credit experience with middle -market companies. 
		 George Chip Stelljes III is currently the managing partner of St. John s Capital, LLC, a vehicle used to make private equity investments. From 2001 to 2013, Mr. Stelljes held various senior positions with the Gladstone Companies, including serving as the chief investment officer, president and a director of Gladstone Capital Corporation and Gladstone Investment Corporation, both of which are business development companies, of Gladstone Commercial Corporation, a real estate investment trust, and of their registered investment adviser, Gladstone Management Corporation. From 1999 to 2001, Mr. Stelljes was a managing member of Camden Partners, a private equity firm which finances high growth companies in communications, education, healthcare and business services sectors. From 1997 to 1999, Mr. Stelljes was a managing director and partner of Columbia Capital, a venture capital firm focused on investments in communications and information technology. From 1989 to 1997, Mr. Stelljes held various positions, including executive vice president and principal, with the Allied Capital companies. From 2001 through 2012, Mr. Stelljes served as a general partner and investment committee member of Patriot Capital and Patriot Capital II, which are private equity funds. Mr. Stelljes is currently the chairman of the board of directors of Bluestone Community Development Fund, a closed -end investment company that operates as an interval fund. He is also a former board member and regional president of the National Association of Small Business Investment Companies. Mr. Stelljes holds an MBA from the University of Virginia and a BA in Economics from Vanderbilt University. Mr. Stelljes was selected to serve as a director on our Board of Directors due to his more than twenty -five years of experience in the investment analysis, management, and advisory industries. 
		 Saul B. Rosenthal has served as President since 2004 of OXSQ and Oxford Square Management, and is a member of Oxford Funds. In addition, Mr. Rosenthal has served as President and a Director of Oxford Lane Capital Corp. (NasdaqGS:OXLC), a registered closed -end fund, and as President of Oxford Lane Management, since 2010. . Mr. Rosenthal has also served as President of Oxford Gate Management, the investment adviser to the Oxford Gate Funds, and Oxford Bridge II, LLC, since 2018. Mr. Rosenthal was previously an attorney at the law firm of Shearman Sterling LLP. Mr. Rosenthal serves on the board of the National Museum of Mathematics. Mr. Rosenthal received a B.S., magna cum laude, from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, a J.D. from Columbia University Law School, where he was a Harlan Fiske Stone Scholar, and a LL.M. (Taxation) from New York University School of Law. Mr. Rosenthal s depth of experience in managerial positions in investment management, as well as his intimate knowledge of our business and operations, gives the Board of Directors the valuable perspective of a knowledgeable corporate leader. 
		 Bruce L. Rubin has served as the Company s Controller since 2005, the Company s Senior Vice President and Treasurer since 2009, the Company s Chief Accounting Officer since August 2015 and the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Secretary since August 2015. Mr. Rubin has also served as Oxford Lane Capital Corp. s Chief Financial Officer and Secretary since August 2015, and as its Treasurer and Controller since its initial public offering in 2011. Mr. Rubin also currently serves as the Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Oxford Lane Management, LLC, Oxford Square Management, Oxford Funds and Oxford Gate Management, LLC. From 1995 to 2003, 

85 

Mr. Rubin was the Assistant Treasurer Director of Financial Planning of the New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc., the largest physical commodities futures exchange in the world and has extensive experience with Sarbanes -Oxley , treasury operations and SEC reporting requirements. From 1989 to 1995, Mr. Rubin was a manager in financial operations for the American Stock Exchange, where he was primarily responsible for budgeting matters. Mr. Rubin began his career in commercial banking as an auditor primarily of the commercial lending and municipal bond dealer areas. Mr. Rubin received his BBA in Accounting from Hofstra University where he also obtained his M.B.A. in Finance. 
		 Gerald Cummins has served as the Company s Chief Compliance Officer since June 2015 pursuant to an agreement between the Company and ACA Group, a compliance consulting firm. Mr. Cummins also currently serves as the Chief Compliance Officer of Oxford Square Management, Oxford Lane Capital Corp., Oxford Lane Management, LLC, Oxford Funds LLC, and since 2018, Oxford Gate Management, LLC. Mr. Cummins has been a director of ACA Group since June 2014 and in that capacity he also serves as the Chief Compliance Officer to an unaffiliated private equity firm and three unaffiliated BDCs. Prior to joining ACA Group, Mr. Cummins was a consultant for Barclays Capital Inc. from 2012 to 2013, where he participated in numerous compliance projects on pricing and valuation, compliance assessments, and compliance policy and procedure development. Prior to his consulting work at Barclays, Mr. Cummins was from 2010 to 2011 the Chief Operating Officer and the Chief Compliance Officer for BroadArch Capital and from 2009 to 2011 the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer to its predecessor New Castle Funds, a long -short equity asset manager. Prior to that, Mr. Cummins spent 25 years at Bear Stearns Asset Management (BSAM), where he was a Managing Director and held senior compliance, controllers and operations risk positions. Mr. Cummins graduated with a B.A. in Mathematics from Fordham University. 
		 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
		 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code which applies to our senior officers, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as well as every officer, director and employee of OXSQ. Our Code can be accessed via our website at http://www.oxfordsquarecapital.com . We intend to disclose amendments to or waivers from a required provision of the Code on Form 8 -K . We intend to disclose any substantive amendments to, or waivers from, this Code within four business days of the waiver or amendment through a posting on our website. 
		 Nomination of Directors 
		 There have been no material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our Board implemented since the filing of our Proxy Statement for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
		 Audit Committee 
		 The Audit Committee operates pursuant to a charter approved by our Board, a copy of which is available on our website at www.oxfordsquarecapital.com . The charter sets forth the responsibilities of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee s responsibilities include recommending the selection of our independent registered public accounting firm, reviewing with such independent registered public accounting firm the planning, scope and results of their audit of our financial statements, pre -approving the fees for services performed, reviewing with the independent registered public accounting firm the adequacy of internal control systems, reviewing our annual financial statements and periodic filings, and receiving the audit reports covering our financial statements. The Audit Committee is presently composed of three persons: Messrs. Novak, Osherow and Stelljes, all of whom are considered independent under the rules promulgated by the NASDAQ Global Stock Market. Our Board has determined that Mr. Novak is an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined under Item 407 of Regulation S -K of the Exchange Act. Messrs. Novak, Osherow and Stelljes each meet the current independence and experience requirements of Rule 10A -3 of the Exchange Act and, in addition, are each not an interested person of OXSQ as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. Mr. Osherow currently serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee met on four occasions during 2022. 

86 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
		 Compensation of Chief Executive Officer and Other Executive Officers 
		 None of our officers receive direct compensation from the Company. As a result, we do not engage any compensation consultants. Mr. Cohen, our Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Rosenthal, our President and Chief Operating Officer, through their ownership interest in Oxford Funds, the managing member of Oxford Square Management, are entitled to a portion of any profits earned by Oxford Square Management, which includes any fees payable to Oxford Square Management under the terms of our Investment Advisory Agreement, less expenses incurred by Oxford Square Management in performing its services under the Investment Advisory Agreement. Messrs. Cohen and Rosenthal do not receive any additional compensation from Oxford Square Management in connection with the management of our portfolio. 
		 The compensation of our Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary is paid by our administrator, Oxford Funds, subject to reimbursement by us of an allocable portion of such compensation for services rendered by our Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary to the Company. The allocable portion of such compensation that is reimbursed to Oxford Funds by us is based on an estimate of the time spent by our Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary and other administrative personnel in performing their respective duties for us in accordance with the Administration Agreement. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we accrued approximately 916,000 for the allocable portion of compensation expenses incurred by Oxford Funds on our behalf for our Chief Financial Officer, our Treasurer and Controller, and other administrative support personnel, pursuant to our Administration Agreement with Oxford Funds. Mr. Cummins is a Director of ACA Group Consulting Services, and performs his functions as our Chief Compliance Officer under the terms of an agreement between us and ACA Group. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we accrued approximately 120,000 for the fees paid to ACA Group. 
		 Director Compensation 
		 Each independent director receives an annual fee of 90,000. The Chairman of the Board receives an additional annual fee of 30,000 for his service as Chairman of the Board. In addition, the independent directors receive 4,000 plus reimbursement of reasonable out -of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending each Board meeting, 1,500 plus reimbursement of reasonable out -of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending each Valuation Committee meeting, 1,500 plus reimbursement of reasonable out of -pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending each Audit Committee meeting, 1,000 plus reimbursement of reasonable out -of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending each Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee meeting, 1,000 plus reimbursement of reasonable out -of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending each Compensation Committee meeting. The Chairman of the Audit Committee also receives an additional annual fee of 10,000 for his service as chair of the Audit Committee. The Chairman of the Valuation Committee also receives an additional annual fee of 7,500 for his service as chair of the Valuation Committee. The Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also receives an additional annual fee of 5,000 for his service as chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The Chairman of the Compensation Committee also receives an additional annual fee of 5,000 for his service as chair of the Compensation Committee. No compensation was paid to directors who are interested persons of OXSQ as defined in the 1940 Act. 

87 

The following table sets forth compensation of our directors for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name 

Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) 

All Other Compensation (2) 

Total 

Interested Directors 

Jonathan H. Cohen 

Charles M. Royce 

Independent Directors 

Steven P. Novak 

160,571 

160,571 

Barry Osherow 

124,429 

124,429 

George Stelljes III 

132,500 

132,500 

____________ (1) For a discussion of the independent directors compensation, see above. 
		 (2) We do not maintain a stock or option plan, non -equity incentive plan or pension plan for our directors. 
		 Compensation Committee 
		 The Compensation Committee operates pursuant to a charter approved by our Board, a copy of which is available on our website at www.oxfordsquarecapital.com . The charter sets forth the responsibilities of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee is responsible for annually reviewing and recommending for approval to our Board the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement. The Compensation Committee is also responsible for reviewing and approving the compensation of the Independent Directors, including the Chairman of the Board. In addition, although we do not directly compensate our executive officers currently, to the extent that we do so in the future, the Compensation Committee would also be responsible for reviewing and evaluating their compensation and making recommendations to the Board regarding their compensation. Lastly, the Compensation Committee would produce a report on our executive compensation practices and policies for inclusion in our proxy statement if required by applicable proxy rules and regulations and, if applicable, make recommendations to the Board on our executive compensation practices and policies. The Compensation Committee has the authority to engage compensation consultants and to delegate their duties and responsibilities to a member or to a subcommittee of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee is presently composed of three persons: Messrs. Novak, Osherow and Stelljes, all of whom are considered independent under the rules of the NASDAQ Global Select Market and are not interested persons of Oxford Square Capital Corp. as that term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. Mr. Novak serves as Chairman of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee met one time during 2022. 
		 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
		 During fiscal year 2022 none of the Company s executive officers served on the Board (or a compensation committee thereof or other board committee performing equivalent functions) of any entities that had one or more executive officers serve on the Compensation Committee of the Company or on the Board of the Company. No current or past executive officers of the Company or its affiliates serve on the Company s Compensation Committee. 
		 Compensation Committee Report 
		 Currently, none of our executive officers are compensated by the Company and as such the Compensation Committee is not required to produce a report on executive officer compensation for inclusion in our annual report on Form 10 -K . 
		 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
		 The following table sets forth, as of March 17, 2023, the beneficial ownership of each director, the Company s executive officers, each person known to us to beneficially own 5 or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock, and the executive officers and directors as a group. 

88 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. Ownership information for those persons who beneficially own 5 or more of our shares of common stock is based upon Schedule 13G filings by such persons with the SEC and other information obtained from such persons, if available. 
		 Unless otherwise indicated, the Company believes that each beneficial owner set forth in the table has sole voting and investment power and has the same address as the Company. The Company s current address is 8 Sound Shore Drive, Suite 255, Greenwich, Connecticut 06830. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 

Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (1) 

Percentage of Class (2) 

Interested Directors 

Jonathan H. Cohen (3) 

1,705,416 

3.4 

Charles M. Royce (4) 

1,524,516 

3.1 

Independent Directors 

Steven P. Novak (5) 

27,410 

Barry Osherow 

1,863 

George Stelljes III 

34,000 

Executive Officers 

Saul B. Rosenthal (3) 

1,543,630 

3.1 

Bruce L. Rubin 

8,212 

Gerald Cummins 

Executive Officers and Directors as a Group (6) 

4,843,999 

9.7 

____________ Represents less than one percent 
		 (1) Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d -3 under the Exchange Act, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Assumes no other purchases or sales of our common stock since the information most recently available to us. This assumption has been made under the rules and regulations of the SEC and does not reflect any knowledge that we have with regard to the present intent of the beneficial owners of our common stock listed in this table. Any fractional shares owned directly or beneficially have been rounded down for purposes of this table. 
		 (2) Based on a total of 49,871,062 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding on March 17, 2023. 
		 (3) Includes approximately 1,048 shares held by Oxford Funds, which may be deemed to be beneficially owned by Messrs. Cohen and Rosenthal by virtue of their ownership interests therein. 
		 (4) Mr. Royce may be deemed to beneficially own 1,230,302 held by Royce Family Investments, LLC and 294,214 held by Royce Family Fund, Inc. Mr. Royce disclaims beneficial ownership of any shares directly held by Royce Family Fund, Inc. The address for both of these entities is 745 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10151. 
		 (5) These shares are held by Mr. Novak s spouse, which Mr. Novak may be deemed to beneficially own. 
		 (6) The approximately 1,048 shares held by Oxford Funds, described in footnote 3 above, are included in the number of shares held by each of Mr. Cohen and Mr. Rosenthal, but are only counted once in the total held by the executive officers and directors as a group. 

89 

Set forth below is the dollar range of equity securities beneficially owned by each of our directors as of March 17, 2023. 

Name of Director 

Dollar Range of Equity Securities Beneficially Owned (1)(2) 

Interested Directors 

Jonathan H. Cohen 

Over 100,000 

Charles M. Royce 

Over 100,000 

Independent Directors 

Steven P. Novak 

50,001 100,000 

Barry Osherow 

1 10,000 

George Stelljes III 

Over 100,000 

____________ (1) The dollar ranges are: None, 1 10,000, 10,001 50,000, 50,001 100,000, or Over 100,000. 
		 (2) The dollar range of equity securities beneficially owned in us is based on the closing price for our common stock of 3.06 on March 17, 2023 on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 16a -1 (a)(2) of the Exchange Act. 
		 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
		 Transactions with Related Persons 
		 We have entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with Oxford Square Management. Oxford Square Management is controlled by Oxford Funds, its managing member. In addition to Oxford Funds, Oxford Square Management is owned by Charles M. Royce, a member of our Board, who holds a minority, non -controlling interest in Oxford Square Management as the non -managing member. Oxford Funds, as the managing member of Oxford Square Management, manages the business and internal affairs of Oxford Square Management. In addition, Oxford Funds provides us with office facilities and administrative services pursuant to the Administration Agreement. 
		 Messrs. Cohen and Rosenthal also currently serve as Chief Executive Officer and President, respectively, at Oxford Gate Management, LLC, the investment adviser to the Oxford Gate Funds and Oxford Bridge II, LLC. Oxford Funds is the managing member of Oxford Gate Management, LLC. In addition, Bruce L. Rubin serves as the Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, and Gerald Cummins serves as the Chief Compliance Officer, respectively, of Oxford Gate Management, LLC. 
		 Messrs. Cohen and Rosenthal currently serve as Chief Executive Officer and President, respectively, of Oxford Lane Capital Corp., a non -diversified closed -end management investment company that invests primarily in equity and junior debt tranches of CLO vehicles, and its investment adviser, Oxford Lane Management, LLC. Oxford Funds provides Oxford Lane Capital Corp. with office facilities and administrative services pursuant to an administration agreement and also serves as the managing member of Oxford Lane Management, LLC. In addition, Bruce L. Rubin serves as the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary of Oxford Lane Capital Corp. and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Oxford Lane Management, LLC, and Mr. Cummins serves as the Chief Compliance Officer of Oxford Lane Capital Corp. and Oxford Lane Management, LLC. 
		 As a result, certain conflicts of interest may arise with respect to the management of our portfolio by Messrs. Cohen and Rosenthal on the one hand, and the obligations of Messrs. Cohen and Rosenthal to manage Oxford Lane Capital Corp., Oxford Bridge II, LLC and the Oxford Gate Funds, respectively, on the other hand. 
		 Oxford Square Management, Oxford Lane Management, LLC and Oxford Gate Management, LLC are subject to a written policy with respect to the allocation of investment opportunities among the Company, Oxford Lane Capital Corp., Oxford Bridge II, LLC and the Oxford Gate Funds. Where investments are suitable for more than one entity, the allocation policy generally provides that, depending on size and subject to current and anticipated cash availability, the absolute size of the investment as well as its relative size compared to the total assets of each entity, current and anticipated weighted average costs of capital, among other factors, an investment amount will be determined by the adviser to each entity. If the investment opportunity is sufficient for each entity to receive its investment amount, then each entity receives the investment amount; otherwise, the investment amount is 

90 

reduced pro rata. On June 14, 2017, the Securities and Exchange Commission issued an order permitting the Company and certain of its affiliates to complete negotiated co -investment transactions in portfolio companies, subject to certain conditions (the Order ). Subject to satisfaction of certain conditions to the Order, the Company and certain of its affiliates are now permitted, together with any future BDCs, registered closed -end funds and certain private funds, each of whose investment adviser is the Company s investment adviser or an investment adviser controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Company s investment adviser, to co -invest in negotiated investment opportunities where doing so would otherwise be prohibited under the 1940 Act, providing the Company s stockholders with access to a broader array of investment opportunities. Pursuant to the Order, we are permitted to co -invest in such investment opportunities with our affiliates if a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our independent directors make certain conclusions in connection with a co -investment transaction, including, but not limited to, that (1) the terms of the potential co -investment transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching in respect of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned, and (2) the potential co -investment transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our then -current investment objective and strategies. 
		 In the ordinary course of business, we may enter into transactions with portfolio companies that may be considered related party transactions. In order to ensure that we do not engage in any prohibited transactions with any persons affiliated with us, we have implemented certain policies and procedures whereby our executive officers screen each of our transactions for any possible affiliations between the proposed portfolio investment, us, companies controlled by us and our employees and directors. We will not enter into any agreements unless and until we are satisfied that doing so will not raise concerns under the 1940 Act or, if such concerns exist, we have taken appropriate actions to seek board review and approval or exemptive relief for such transaction. Our Board reviews these procedures on an annual basis. 
		 We have also adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics which applies to our senior officers, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as well as all of our officers, directors and employees. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics requires that all employees and directors avoid any conflict, or the appearance of a conflict, between an individual s personal interests and our interests. Pursuant to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, each employee, officer and director must disclose any conflicts of interest, or actions or relationships that might give rise to a conflict. Our Audit Committee is charged with approving any waivers under our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. As required by the NASDAQ Global Select Market corporate governance listing standards, the Audit Committee of our Board is also required to review and approve any transactions with related parties (as such term is defined in Item 404 of Regulation S -K ). 
		 Director Independence 
		 In accordance with rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market, our Board annually determines each director s independence. We do not consider a director independent unless our Board has determined that he or she has no material relationship with us. We monitor the relationships of our directors and officers through a questionnaire each director completes no less frequently than annually and updates periodically as information provided in the most recent questionnaire changes. 
		 In order to evaluate the materiality of any such relationship, our Board uses the definition of director independence set forth in the rules promulgated by the NASDAQ Stock Market. Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that a director of a BDC, shall be considered to be independent if he or she is not an interested person of OXSQ, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. 
		 The Board has determined that each of the directors is independent and has no relationship with us, except as a director and stockholder, with the exception of Jonathan H. Cohen, as a result of his position as our Chief Executive Officer, and Charles M. Royce, as a result of his ownership of a minority, non -controlling interest in our investment adviser, Oxford Square Management. 

91 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
		 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
		 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP served as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has advised us that neither the firm nor any present member or associate of it has any material financial interest, direct or indirect, in the Company or its affiliates. 
		 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company incurred the following fees for services provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP including expenses: 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Audit Fees 

895,000 

984,350 

Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total Fees: 

895,000 

984,350 

Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year -end financial statements, including reviews of interim financial statements, and services that are normally provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in connection with statutory and regulatory filings and services provided in connection with securities offerings. 
		 Audit -Related Fees. Audit -related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 
		 Tax Fees. Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services for tax compliance. These services include assistance regarding federal, state, and local tax compliance. 
		 All Other Fees. All other fees would include fees for products and services other than the services reported above. 
		 Pre-Approval Policy. 
		 The Audit Committee has established a pre -approval policy that describes the permitted audit, audit -related , tax and other services to be provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. The policy requires that the Audit Committee pre -approve the audit and non -audit services performed by the independent auditor in order to assure that the provision of such service does not impair the auditor s independence. 
		 Any requests for audit, audit -related , tax and other services that have not received general pre -approval must be submitted to the Audit Committee for specific pre -approval , irrespective of the amount, and cannot commence until such approval has been granted. Normally, pre -approval is provided at regularly scheduled meetings of the Audit Committee. However, the Audit Committee may delegate pre -approval authority to one or more of its members. The member or members to whom such authority is delegated shall report any pre -approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. The Audit Committee does not delegate its responsibilities to pre -approve services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm to management. 
		 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Audit Committee pre -approved 100 of non -audit services in accordance with the pre -approval policy described above. 

92 

PART IV 
		 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
		 a. Documents Filed as Part of this Report 
		 The following financial statements are set forth in Item 8: 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2 

Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

F-4 

Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 

F-5 

Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2021 

F-12 

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 

F-19 

Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 

F-20 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 

F-21 

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-22 

93 

b. Exhibits 
		 The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 

3.1 

Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-109055), filed on September 23, 2003). 

3.2 

Articles of Amendment (Incorporated by reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 3, 2007). 

3.3 

Articles of Amendment (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s current report on Form 8-K, filed on March 20, 2018). 

3.4 

Articles of Amendment (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s current report on Form 8-K, filed on March 20, 2018). 

3.5 

Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 7, 2022). 

4.1 

Form of Share Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-109055), filed on September 23, 2003). 

4.2 

Form of Base Indenture (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit d.4 to the Registrant s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to its Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-183605), filed on January 11, 2013). 

4.3 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated April 12, 2017, relating to the 6.50 Notes due 2024, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit d.6 to the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to its Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-202672), filed on April 12, 2017). 

4.4 

Form of Global Note with respect to the 6.50 Notes due 2024 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 hereto, and Exhibit A therein). 

4.5 

Form of Second Supplemental Indenture relating to the 6.25 Notes due 2026, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-229337) filed on April 3, 2019). 

4.6 

Form of Global Note with respect to the 6.25 Notes due 2026 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 hereto, and Exhibit A therein) 

4.8 

Description of registrant s securities 

4.9 

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 20, 2021, relating to the 5.50 Notes due 2028, by and between Oxford Square Capital Corp. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed May 20, 2021). 

4.10 

Form of 5.50 Notes due 2028 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed May 20, 2021). 

10.1 

Investment Advisory Agreement between Registrant and Oxford Square Management, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s report on Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2011). 

10.2 

Custodian Agreement between Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 6, 2014). 

10.3 

Amended and Restated Administration Agreement between Registrant and Oxford Funds, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2012). 

10.4 

Second Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s report on Form 10-K filed on March 4, 2015). 

94 

10.5 

Oxford Square Management, LLC s Fee Waiver Letter, dated March 9, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s report on Form 8-K, filed on March 10, 2016). 

14.1 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Registrant s report on Form 8-K, filed on March 2, 2017). 

21.1 

Subsidiaries of Registrant and jurisdiction of incorporation/organization: Oxford Square Funding 2018, LLC Delaware. 

23.1 

Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

____________ Filed herewith. 
		 c. Financial statement schedule 
		 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
		 None. 

95 

SIGNATURES 
		 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

OXFORD Square CAPITAL CORP. 

Date: March 23, 2023 

/s/ Jonathan H. Cohen 

Jonathan H. Cohen Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 23, 2023 

/s/ Bruce L. Rubin 

Bruce L. Rubin Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacity and on the dates indicated. 

Date: March 23, 2023 

/s/ Steven P. Novak 

Steven P. Novak Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Date: March 23, 2023 

/s/ Jonathan H. Cohen 

Jonathan H. Cohen Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 23, 2023 

/s/ Barry Osherow 

Barry Osherow Director 

Date: March 23, 2023 

/s/ Charles M. Royce 

Charles M. Royce Director 

Date: March 23, 2023 

/s/ George Stelljes III 

George Stelljes III Director 

96 

<EX-4.8>
 2
 ea149525_ex4-8.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.8

Exhibit 4.8 
		 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
		 As of December 31, 2022, Oxford Square Capital Corp. OXSQ, the Company, we, us or our had four classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended: (A) our common stock, 0.01 par value per share; (B) our 6.50 Notes due 2024 and (C) our 6.25 Notes due 2026 and (D) our 5.50 Notes due 2028. 
		 In this exhibit, references to OXSQ, we, us and our refer only to OXSQ and not any of its subsidiaries. 
		 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Annual Report on Form 10 -K to which this Description of Securities is attached as an exhibit. 
		 A. Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share Common Stock 
		 The statements made under this caption include summaries of certain provisions contained in our Articles of Amendment and Restatement, as amended, (the articles and Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended, (the bylaws each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10 -K of which this Exhibit 4.8 is a part. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our articles, bylaws, and the applicable provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law. 
		 Our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of stock, par value 0.01 per share, all of which is initially designated as common stock. As of December 31, 2022, there were 49,844,796 shares outstanding. We have listed our Common Stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the ticker symbol OXSQ . There are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase our stock. No stock has been authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans. Under Maryland law, our stockholders generally are not personally liable for our debts or obligations. 
		 Under our charter, the board of directors of the Company Board of Directors is authorized to classify and reclassify any unissued shares of stock into other classes or series of stock without obtaining stockholder approval. As permitted by the Maryland General Corporation Law, our charter provides that the Board of Directors, without any action by our stockholders, may amend the charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have authority to issue. 
		 All shares of our Common Stock have equal rights as to earnings, assets, distributions and voting privileges and, when they are issued, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Distributions may be paid to the holders of our Common Stock if, as and when authorized by our Board of Directors and declared by us out of assets legally available therefor. Shares of our Common Stock have no preemptive, conversion or redemption rights and are freely transferable, except where their transfer is restricted by federal and state securities laws or by contract. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each share of our Common Stock would be entitled to share rateably in all of our assets that are legally available for distribution after we pay all debts and other liabilities and subject to any preferential rights of holders of our preferred stock, if any preferred stock is outstanding at such time. Each share of our Common Stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. Except as provided with respect to any other class or series of stock, the holders of our Common Stock will possess exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which means that holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock can elect all of our directors, and holders of less than a majority of such shares are unable to elect any director. 
		 Limitation on Liability of Directors and Officers; Indemnification and Advance of Expenses 
		 Maryland law permits a Maryland corporation to include in its charter a provision limiting the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its stockholders for money damages except for liability resulting from (a) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or (b) active and deliberate dishonesty established by a final judgment as being material to the cause of action. Our charter contains such a provision which eliminates directors and officers liability to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. 

Our charter authorizes us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, to indemnify any present or former director or officer or any individual who, while serving as our director or officer and at our request, serves or has served another corporation, real estate investment trust, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as a director, officer, partner or trustee, from and against any claim or liability to which that person may become subject or which that person may incur by reason of his or her service in such capacity and to pay or reimburse their reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding. Our bylaws obligate us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, to indemnify any present or former director or officer or any individual who, while serving as our director or officer and at our request, serves or has served another corporation, real estate investment trust, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as a director, officer, partner or trustee and who is made, or threatened to be made, a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity from and against any claim or liability to which that person may become subject or which that person may incur by reason of his or her service in any such capacity and to pay or reimburse his or her reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding. The charter and bylaws also permit us to indemnify and advance expenses to any person who served a predecessor of us in any of the capacities described above and any of our employees or agents or any employees or agents of our predecessor. In accordance with the 1940 Act, we will not indemnify any person for any liability to which such person would be subject by reason of such person s willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of his or her office. 
		 Maryland law requires a corporation (unless its charter provides otherwise, which our charter does not) to indemnify a director or officer who has been successful in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of his or her service in that capacity. Maryland law permits a corporation to indemnify its present and former directors and officers, among others, against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to which they may be made a party by reason of their service in those or other capacities unless it is established that (a) the act or omission of the director or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and (1) was committed in bad faith or (2) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, (b) the director or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services or (c) in the case of any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. However, under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation may not indemnify for an adverse judgment in a suit by or in the right of the corporation or for a judgment of liability on the basis that a personal benefit was improperly received, unless in either case a court orders indemnification, and then only for expenses. In addition, Maryland law permits a corporation to advance reasonable expenses to a director or officer upon the corporation s receipt of (a) a written affirmation by the director or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the corporation and (b) a written undertaking by him or her or on his or her behalf to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the corporation if it is ultimately determined that the standard of conduct was not met. 
		 Our insurance policy does not currently provide coverage for claims, liabilities and expenses that may arise out of activities that our present or former directors or officers have performed for another entity at our request. There is no assurance that such entities will in fact carry such insurance. However, we note that we do not expect to request our present or former directors or officers to serve another entity as a director, officer, partner or trustee unless we can obtain insurance providing coverage for such persons for any claims, liabilities or expenses that may arise out of their activities while serving in such capacities. 
		 Certain Provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law and our Charter and Bylaws 
		 The Maryland General Corporation Law and our charter and bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a potential acquiror to acquire us by means of a tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. These provisions are expected to discourage certain coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our Board of Directors. We believe that the benefits of these provisions outweigh the potential disadvantages of discouraging any such acquisition proposals because, among other things, the negotiation of such proposals may improve their terms. 

Classified Board of Directors 
		 Our Board of Directors is divided into three classes of directors serving staggered three -year terms. The current terms of the first, second and third classes expire in 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively, and in each case, those directors will serve until their successors are elected and qualify. Upon expiration of their current terms, directors of each class will be elected to serve for three -year terms and until their successors are duly elected and qualify and each year one class of directors will be elected by the stockholders. A classified board may render a change in control of us or removal of our incumbent management more difficult. We believe, however, that the longer time required to elect a majority of a classified Board of Directors will help to ensure the continuity and stability of our management and policies. 
		 Election of Directors 
		 Our bylaws currently provide that a plurality of all votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient to elect a director. Pursuant to our charter, our Board of Directors may amend our bylaws to alter the vote required to elect directors. 
		 Number of Directors; Vacancies; Removal 
		 Our charter provides that the number of directors is set only by our Board of Directors in accordance with our bylaws. Our bylaws provide that a majority of our entire Board of Directors may at any time increase or decrease the number of directors. However, the number of directors may never be less than one nor more than twelve. Except as may be provided by our Board of Directors in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred stock, any and all vacancies on our Board of Directors may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies, subject to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. 
		 Under Maryland law, a director on a classified board may be removed only for cause and then only by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors. 
		 Action by Stockholders 
		 The Maryland General Corporation Law provides that stockholder action can be taken only at an annual or special meeting of stockholders or by unanimous written consent in lieu of a meeting. These provisions, combined with the requirements of our bylaws regarding the calling of a stockholder -requested special meeting of stockholders discussed below, may have the effect of delaying consideration of a stockholder proposal until the next annual meeting. 
		 Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder Nominations and Stockholder Proposals 
		 Our bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of persons for election to our Board of Directors and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by or at the direction of our Board of Directors or (3) by any stockholder who was a stockholder of record both at the time of giving of notice and at the time of the annual meeting, is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of our bylaws. With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of persons for election to our Board of Directors at a special meeting may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by or at the direction of our Board of Directors or (3) provided that our Board of Directors has determined that directors will be elected at the meeting, by any stockholder who was a stockholder of record both at the time of giving of notice and at the time of the annual meeting, is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice provisions of the bylaws. 
		 The purpose of requiring stockholders to give us advance notice of nominations and other business is to afford our Board of Directors a meaningful opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees and the advisability of any other proposed business and, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable by our Board of Directors, to inform stockholders and make recommendations about such qualifications or business, as well as to provide a more orderly procedure for conducting meetings of stockholders. Although our bylaws do not give 

our Board of Directors any power to disapprove stockholder nominations for the election of directors or proposals recommending certain action, certain provisions of our bylaws may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of directors or the consideration of stockholder proposals if proper procedures are not followed and of discouraging or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or to approve its own proposal without regard to whether consideration of such nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to us and our stockholders. 
		 Calling of Special Meetings of Stockholders 
		 Our bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called by or at the request of the Chairman of Board of Directors, the president or by a majority of the directors then in office. Additionally, our bylaws provide that, subject to the satisfaction of certain procedural and informational requirements by the stockholders requesting the meeting, a special meeting of stockholders will be called by the secretary of the corporation upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting. 
		 Approval of Extraordinary Corporate Action; Amendment of Charter and Bylaws 
		 Under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, amend its charter, merge, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a share exchange or engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business, unless approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two -thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. However, a Maryland corporation may provide in its charter for approval of these matters by a lesser percentage, but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Under our charter, provided that at least 75 of our directors then in office have approved and declared the action advisable and submitted such action to the stockholders, our dissolution, an amendment to our charter that requires stockholder approval, a merger, or a sale of all or substantially all of our assets or a similar transaction outside the ordinary course of business, must be approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. If an extraordinary matter submitted to stockholders by our Board of Directors is approved and advised by less than 75 of our directors, such matter will require approval by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two -thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
		 Our charter and bylaws provide that our Board of Directors will have the exclusive power to make, alter, amend or repeal any provision of our bylaws. 
		 No Appraisal Rights 
		 Except with respect to appraisal rights arising in connection with the Control Share Act discussed below, as permitted by the Maryland General Corporation Law, our charter provides that stockholders will not be entitled to exercise appraisal rights unless a majority of our Board of Directors shall determine such rights apply. 
		 Control Share Acquisitions 
		 The Maryland General Corporation Law provides that control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved by a vote of two -thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, or the Control Share Act. Shares owned by the acquirer, by officers or by directors who are employees of the corporation are excluded from shares entitled to vote on the matter. Control shares are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the acquirer or in respect of which the acquirer is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power: 
		 one -tenth or more but less than one -third ; 
		 one -third or more but less than a majority; or 
		 a majority or more of all voting power. 

The requisite stockholder approval must be obtained each time an acquirer crosses one of the thresholds of voting power set forth above. Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
		 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition may compel the Board of Directors of the corporation to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. The right to compel the calling of a special meeting is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including an undertaking to pay the expenses of the meeting. If no request for a meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. 
		 If voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then the corporation may redeem for fair value any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have previously been approved. The right of the corporation to redeem control shares is subject to certain conditions and limitations, including, compliance with the 1940 Act. Fair value is determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquirer or of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of the shares are considered and not approved. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquirer becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquirer in the control share acquisition. 
		 The Control Share Act does not apply (a) to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (b) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the Control Share Act any and all acquisitions by any person of our shares of stock. There can be no assurance that such provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. However, we will amend our bylaws to be subject to the Control Share Act only if the Board of Directors determines that it would be in our best interests and if the SEC staff does not object to our determination that our being subject to the Control Share Act does not conflict with the 1940 Act. The SEC had previously issued informal guidance setting forth its position that certain provisions of the Control Share Act would, if implemented, violate Section 18(i) of the 1940 Act. The SEC subsequently withdrew this guidance and indicated that it would not recommend enforcement action against a company that implements a Control Share Act, if the decision by the board of a company to implement the Control Share Act was taken with reasonable care on a basis consistent with other applicable duties and laws and the duty to the fund and its shareholders generally. 
		 Business Combinations 
		 Under Maryland law, business combinations between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, or the Business Combination Act. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined as: 
		 any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock; or 
		 an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two -year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 
		 A person is not an interested stockholder under this statute if our Board of Directors approved in advance the transaction by which the stockholder otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. However, in approving a transaction, our Board of Directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by the board. 

After the five -year prohibition, any business combination between the Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder generally must be recommended by the board of directors of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: 
		 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation; and 
		 two -thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 
		 These super -majority vote requirements do not apply if the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. 
		 The statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by our Board of Directors before the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Our Board of Directors has adopted a resolution that any business combination between us and any other person is exempted from the provisions of the Business Combination Act, provided that the business combination is first approved by our Board of Directors, including a majority of the directors who are not interested persons as defined in the 1940 Act. This resolution may be altered or repealed in whole or in part at any time; however, our Board of Directors will adopt resolutions so as to make us subject to the provisions of the Business Combination Act only if our Board of Directors determines that it would be in our best interests and if the SEC staff does not object to our determination that our being subject to the Business Combination Act does not conflict with the 1940 Act. If this resolution is repealed, or our Board of Directors does not otherwise approve a business combination, the statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. 
		 Conflict with 1940 Act 
		 Our bylaws provide that, if and to the extent that any provision of the Maryland General Corporation Law, including the Control Share Act (if we amend our bylaws to be subject to such Act) and the Business Combination Act, or any provision of our charter or bylaws conflicts with any provision of the 1940 Act, the applicable provision of the 1940 Act will control. 
		 B. Debt Securities 6.50 Notes due 2024 
		 In April 2017, we issued 64,370,225 in aggregate principal amount of notes due March 2024 (the 2024 Notes ). As of December 31, 2022, we had 64,370,225 in aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes outstanding. We have listed the 2024 Notes on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol OXSQL. 
		 The 2024 Notes were issued under a base indenture, dated as of April 12, 2017, and the first supplemental indenture thereto, entered into between us and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (together, the 2024 Indenture ). The 2024 Notes are governed by the 2024 Indenture, as required by federal law for all bonds and notes of companies that are publicly offered. An indenture is a contract between us and the financial institution acting as trustee on the holders behalf, and is subject to and governed by the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended. The trustee has two main roles. First, the trustee can enforce the holders rights against us if we default. There are some limitations on the extent to which the trustee acts on the holders behalf, described in the second paragraph under Events of Default Remedies if an Event of Default Occurs. Second, the trustee performs certain administrative duties for us with respect to our 2024 Notes. 
		 This section includes a description of the material terms of the 2024 Notes and the 2024 Indenture. Because this section is a summary, however, it does not describe every aspect of the 2024 Notes and the 2024 Indenture. The 2024 Indenture, and not this exhibit, defines a holder s rights as a holder of the 2024 Notes. The base indenture and the second supplemental indenture have been incorporated by reference as exhibits to the annual report to which this exhibit is attached. 

General 
		 The 2024 Notes will mature on March 30, 2024. The principal payable at maturity will be 100 of the aggregate principal amount. The interest rate of the Notes is 6.50 per year and will be paid every March 30, June 30, September 30, and December 30, beginning June 30, 2017, and the regular record dates for interest payments will be every March 15, June 15, September 15, and December 15, beginning June 15, 2017. If an interest payment date falls on a non -business day, the applicable interest payment will be made on the next business day and no additional interest will accrue as a result of such delayed payment. The initial interest period was the period from and including April 12, 2017, to, but excluding, the initial interest payment date, and the subsequent interest periods will be the periods from and including an interest payment date to, but excluding, the next interest payment date or the stated maturity date, as the case may be. 
		 We issued the 2024 Notes in denominations of 25 and integral multiples of 25 in excess thereof. The 2024 Notes are not subject to any sinking fund and holders of the 2024 Notes do not have the option to have the 2024 Notes repaid prior to the stated maturity date. 
		 Except as described under the captions Events of Default, Other Covenants, and Merger or Consolidation in this exhibit, the 2024 Indenture does not contain any provisions that give the holders protection in the event we issue a large amount of debt or we are acquired by another entity. 
		 We have the ability to issue indenture securities with terms different from the 2024 Notes and, without the consent of the holders thereof, to reopen the 2024 Notes and issue additional 2024 Notes. 
		 Optional Redemption 
		 The 2024 Notes may currently be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option (on or after March 30, 2020) upon not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days written notice by mail prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof, at a redemption price of 100 of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest payments otherwise payable thereon for the then -current quarterly interest period accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
		 The holders may be prevented from exchanging or transferring the 2024 Notes when they are subject to redemption. In case any 2024 Notes are to be redeemed in part only, the redemption notice will provide that, upon surrender of such 2024 Notes, the holder will receive, without a charge, a new note or notes of authorized denominations representing the principal amount of the holder s remaining unredeemed 2024 Notes. Any exercise of our option to redeem the 2024 Notes will be done in compliance with the 1940 Act. 
		 If we redeem only some of the 2024 Notes, the trustee or, with respect to global securities, The Depository Trust Company, New York, New York, known as DTC, will determine the method for selection of the particular 2024 Notes to be redeemed, in accordance with the 2024 Indenture and the 1940 Act and in accordance with the rules of The Nasdaq Global Select Market, where the 2024 Notes are listed. Unless we default in payment of the redemption price, on and after the date of redemption, interest will cease to accrue on the 2024 Notes called for redemption. 
		 Global Securities 
		 Each 2024 Note will be issued in book -entry form and represented by a global security that we deposit with and register in the name of DTC, or its nominee. A global security may not be transferred to or registered in the name of anyone other than the depositary or its nominee, unless special termination situations arise. As a result of these arrangements, the depositary, or its nominee, will be the sole registered owner and holder of all the 2024 Notes represented by a global security, and investors will be permitted to own only beneficial interests in a global security. For more information about these arrangements, see Book -Entry Procedures below. 
		 Termination of a Global Security 
		 If a global security is terminated for any reason, interests in it will be exchanged for certificates in non -book -entry form (certificated securities). After that exchange, the choice of whether to hold the certificated 2024 Notes directly or in street name will be up to the investor. Investors must consult their own banks or brokers to find out how to have their interests in a global security transferred on termination to their own names, so that they will be holders. 

Payment and Paying Agents 
		 We will pay interest to the person listed in the trustee s records as the owner of the 2024 Notes at the close of business on a particular day in advance of each due date for interest, even if that person no longer owns the Note on the interest due date. That day, usually about two weeks in advance of the interest due date, is called the record date. Because we will pay all the interest for an interest period to the holders on the record date, holders buying and selling the 2024 Notes must work out between themselves the appropriate purchase price. The most common manner is to adjust the sales price of the 2024 Notes to prorate interest fairly between buyer and seller based on their respective ownership periods within the particular interest period. This prorated interest amount is called accrued interest. 
		 Payments on Global Securities 
		 We will make payments on the 2024 Notes so long as they are represented by a global security in accordance with the applicable policies of the depositary as in effect from time to time. Under those policies, we will make payments directly to the depositary, or its nominee, and not to any indirect holders who own beneficial interests in the global security. An indirect holder s right to those payments is governed by the rules and practices of the depositary and its participants, as described under Book -Entry Procedures. 
		 Payments on Certificated Securities 
		 In the event the 2024 Notes become represented by certificated securities, we will make payments on the 2024 Notes as follows. We will pay interest that is due on an interest payment date to the holder of the 2024 Notes as shown on the trustee s records as of the close of business on the regular record date at our office in New York, New York. We will make all payments of principal and premium, if any, by check at the office of the applicable trustee in New York, New York and/or at other offices that may be specified in a notice to holders against surrender of the Note. 
		 Alternatively, at our option, we may pay any cash interest that becomes due on the 2024 Notes by mailing a check to the holder at his, her or its address shown on the trustee s records as of the close of business on the regular record date or by transfer to an account at a bank in the United States, in either case, on the due date. 
		 Payment When Offices Are Closed 
		 If any payment is due on the 2024 Notes on a day that is not a business day, we will make the payment on the next day that is a business day. Payments made on the next business day in this situation is treated under the 2024 Indenture as if they were made on the original due date. Such payment will not result in a default under the 2024 Notes or the 2024 Indenture, and no interest will accrue on the payment amount from the original due date to the next day that is a business day. 
		 Book -entry and other indirect holders should consult their banks or brokers for information on how they will receive payments on the 2024 Notes. 
		 Events of Default 
		 Holders will have rights if an Event of Default occurs in respect of the 2024 Notes, as described later in this subsection. 
		 The term Event of Default in respect of the 2024 Notes means any of the following: 
		 we do not pay the principal (or premium, if any) of any 2024 Note when due; 
		 we do not pay interest on any 2024 Note when due, and such default is not cured within 30 days; 
		 we remain in breach of a covenant in respect of the 2024 Notes for 60 days after we receive a written notice of default stating we are in breach (the notice must be sent by either the trustee or holders of at least 25 of the principal amount of the 2024 Notes); 

we file for bankruptcy or certain other events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization occur and in the case of certain orders or decrees entered against us under bankruptcy law, such order or decree remains undischarged or unstayed for a period of 60 days; or 
		 on the last business day of each of twenty -four consecutive calendar months, the 2024 Notes have the asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, of less than 100 after giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC. 
		 An Event of Default for the 2024 Notes does not necessarily constitute an Event of Default for any other series of debt securities issued under the same or any other indenture. The trustee may withhold notice to the holders of the 2024 Notes of any default, except in the payment of principal or interest, if it in good faith considers the withholding of notice to be in the best interests of the holders. 
		 Remedies if an Event of Default Occurs 
		 If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the trustee or the holders of not less than 25 in principal amount of the 2024 Notes may declare the entire principal amount of all the 2024 Notes to be due and immediately payable. This is called a declaration of acceleration of maturity. In certain circumstances, a declaration of acceleration of maturity may be canceled by the holders of a majority in principal amount of the 2024 Notes if (1) we have deposited with the trustee all amounts due and owing with respect to the 2024 Notes (other than principal that has become due solely by reason of such acceleration) and certain other amounts, and (2) any other Events of Default have been cured or waived. 
		 Except in cases of default, where the trustee has some special duties, the trustee is not required to take any action under the 2024 Indenture at the request of any holders unless the holders offer the trustee reasonable protection from expenses and liability (called an indemnity ). If reasonable indemnity is provided, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the 2024 Notes may direct the time, method and place of conducting any lawsuit or other formal legal action seeking any remedy available to the trustee. The trustee may refuse to follow those directions in certain circumstances. No delay or omission in exercising any right or remedy will be treated as a waiver of that right, remedy or Event of Default. 
		 Before a holder is allowed to bypass the trustee and bring its own lawsuit or other formal legal action or take other steps to enforce its rights or protect its interests relating to the 2024 Notes, the following must occur: 
		 the holder must give the trustee written notice that an Event of Default has occurred and remains uncured; 
		 the holders of at least 25 in principal amount of all the 2024 Notes must make a written request that the trustee take action because of the default and must offer reasonable indemnity, security, or both to the trustee against the cost, expenses, and other liabilities of taking that action; 
		 the trustee must not have taken action for 60 days after receipt of the above notice and offer of indemnity and/or security; and 
		 the holders of a majority in principal amount of the 2024 Notes must not have given the trustee a direction inconsistent with the above notice during that 60 -day period. 
		 However, the holder is entitled at any time to bring a lawsuit for the payment of money due on its 2024 Notes on or after the due date. 
		 Book -entry and other indirect holders should consult their banks or brokers for information on how to give notice or direction to or make a request of the trustee and how to declare or cancel an acceleration of maturity. 
		 Each year, we will furnish to the trustee a written statement of certain of our officers certifying that to their knowledge we are in compliance with the 2024 Indenture and the 2024 Notes, or else specifying any default. 

Waiver of Default 
		 The holders of a majority in principal amount of the 2024 Notes may waive any past defaults other than other than: 
		 the payment of principal or interest; or 
		 in respect of a covenant that cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each holder. 
		 Merger or Consolidation 
		 Under the terms of the 2024 Indenture, we are generally permitted to consolidate or merge with another entity. We are also permitted to sell all or substantially all of our assets to another entity. However, we may not take any of these actions unless all the following conditions are met: 
		 where we merge out of existence or convey or transfer our assets substantially as an entirety, the resulting entity must agree to be legally responsible for our obligations under the 2024 Notes; 
		 the merger or sale of assets must not cause a default on the 2024 Notes and we must not already be in default (unless the merger or sale would cure the default). For purposes of this no -default test, a default would include an Event of Default that has occurred and has not been cured, as described under Events of Default above. A default for this purpose would also include any event that would be an Event of Default if the requirements for giving us a notice of default or our default having to exist for a specific period of time were disregarded; and 
		 we must deliver certain certificates and documents to the trustee. 
		 Modification or Waiver 
		 There are three types of changes we can make to the 2024 Indenture and the 2024 Notes issued thereunder. 
		 Changes Requiring Approval 
		 First, there are changes that we cannot make to the 2024 Notes without the holders specific approval. The following is a list of those types of changes: 
		 change the stated maturity of the principal of or interest on the 2024 Notes; 
		 reduce any amounts due on the 2024 Notes; 
		 reduce the amount of principal payable upon acceleration of the maturity of a Note following a default; 
		 change the place or currency of payment on a 2024 Note; 
		 impair the holder s right to sue for payment; 
		 reduce the percentage of holders of 2024 Notes whose consent is needed to modify or amend the 2024 Indenture; and 
		 reduce the percentage of holders of 2024 Notes whose consent is needed to waive compliance with certain provisions of the 2024 Indenture or to waive certain defaults. 
		 Changes Not Requiring Approval 
		 The second type of change does not require any vote by the holders of the 2024 Notes. This type is limited to clarifications and certain other changes that would not adversely affect holders of the 2024 Notes in any material respect. 

Changes Requiring Majority Approval 
		 Any other change to the 2024 Indenture and the 2024 Notes would require the following approval: 
		 if the change affects only the 2024 Notes, it must be approved by the holders of a majority in principal amount of the 2024 Notes; and 
		 if the change affects more than one series of debt securities issued under the same indenture, it must be approved by the holders of a majority in principal amount of all of the series affected by the change, with all affected series voting together as one class for this purpose. 
		 In each case, the required approval must be given by written consent. 
		 The holders of a majority in principal amount of all of the series of debt securities issued under an indenture, voting together as one class for this purpose, may waive our compliance with some of our covenants in that indenture. However, we cannot obtain a waiver of a payment default or of any of the matters covered by the bullet points included above under Changes Requiring Approval. 
		 Further Details Concerning Voting 
		 When taking a vote, we will use the following rules to decide how much principal to attribute to the 2024 Notes: 
		 The 2024 Notes will not be considered outstanding, and therefore not eligible to vote, if we have deposited or set aside in trust money for their payment or redemption. The 2024 Notes will also not be eligible to vote if they have been fully defeased as described later under Defeasance Full Defeasance. 
		 We will generally be entitled to set any day as a record date for the purpose of determining the holders of the 2024 Notes that are entitled to vote or take other action under the 2024 Indenture. However, the record date may not be more than 30 days before the date of the first solicitation of holders to vote on or take such action. If we set a record date for a vote or other action to be taken by holders of the 2024 Notes, that vote or action may be taken only by persons who are holders of the 2024 Notes on the record date and must be taken within eleven months following the record date. 
		 Book -entry and other indirect holders should consult their banks or brokers for information on how approval may be granted or denied if we seek to change the 2024 Indenture or the 2024 Notes or request a waiver. 
		 Defeasance 
		 The following defeasance provisions are applicable to the 2024 Notes. Defeasance means that, by depositing with a trustee an amount of cash and/or government securities sufficient to pay all principal and interest, if any, on the 2024 Notes when due and satisfying any additional conditions noted below, we will be deemed to have been discharged from our obligations under the 2024 Notes. In the event of a covenant defeasance, upon depositing such funds and satisfying similar conditions discussed below we would be released from certain covenants under the 2024 Indenture relating to the 2024 Notes. The consequences to the holders of the 2024 Notes is that, while they no longer benefit from the restrictive covenants under the 2024 Indenture, and while the 2024 Notes may not be accelerated for any reason, the holders of 2024 Notes nonetheless are guaranteed to receive the principal and interest owed to them. 
		 Covenant Defeasance 
		 Under current U.S. federal tax law and the 2024 Indenture, we can make the deposit described below and be released from some of the restrictive covenants in the 2024 Indenture. This is called covenant defeasance. In that event, a holder would lose the protection of those restrictive covenants but would gain the protection of having money and government securities set aside in trust to repay the holder s 2024 Notes. If we achieve covenant defeasance and your Notes were subordinated as described under Indenture Provisions Ranking below, such 

subordination would not prevent the trustee under the indenture from applying the funds available to it from the deposit described in the first bullet to the payment of amounts due in respect of such debt securities for the benefit of the subordinated debtholders. In order to achieve covenant defeasance, we must do the following: 
		 Since the 2024 Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, we must deposit in trust for the benefit of all holders of the 2024 Notes a combination of cash and U.S. government or U.S. government agency 2024 Notes or bonds that will generate enough cash to make interest, principal and any other payments on the 2024 Notes on their various due dates; 
		 we must deliver to the trustee a legal opinion of our counsel confirming that, under current U.S. federal income tax law, we may make the above deposit without causing the holders to be taxed on the 2024 Notes any differently than if we did not make the deposit; 
		 we must deliver to the trustee a legal opinion of our counsel stating that the above deposit does not require registration by us under the 1940 Act, and a legal opinion and officers certificate stating that all conditions precedent to covenant defeasance have been complied with; 
		 defeasance must not result in a breach or violation of, or result in a default under, the 2024 Indenture or any of our other material agreements or instruments; and 
		 no default or event of default with respect to the 2024 Notes shall have occurred and be continuing and no defaults or events of default related to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization shall occur during the next 90 days. 
		 If we accomplish covenant defeasance, a holder can still look to us for repayment of the 2024 Notes if there were a shortfall in the trust deposit or the trustee is prevented from making payment. In fact, if one of the remaining Events of Default occurred (such as our bankruptcy) and the 2024 Notes became immediately due and payable, there might be a shortfall. Depending on the event causing the default, the holder may not be able to obtain payment of the shortfall. 
		 Full Defeasance 
		 If there is a change in U.S. federal tax law, as described below, we can legally release ourselves from all payment and other obligations on the 2024 Notes (called full defeasance if we put in place the following other arrangements for the holders to be repaid: 
		 Since the 2024 Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, we must deposit in trust for the benefit of all holders of the 2024 Notes a combination of money and U.S. government or U.S. government agency 2024 Notes or bonds that will generate enough cash to make interest, principal and any other payments on the 2024 Notes on their various due dates; 
		 we must deliver to the trustee a legal opinion confirming that there has been a change in current U.S. federal tax law or a U.S. Internal Revenue Service ruling that allows us to make the above deposit without causing a holder to be taxed on the 2024 Notes any differently than if we did not make the deposit. Under current U.S. federal tax law the deposit and our legal release from the 2024 Notes would be treated as though we paid a holder its share of the cash and 2024 Notes or bonds at the time the cash and 2024 Notes or bonds were deposited in trust in exchange for a holder s 2024 Notes and a holder would recognize gain or loss on the 2024 Notes at the time of the deposit; 
		 we must deliver to the trustee a legal opinion of our counsel stating that the above deposit does not require registration by us under the 1940 Act, and a legal opinion and officers certificate stating that all conditions precedent to defeasance have been complied with; 
		 defeasance must not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, of the 2024 Indenture or any of our other material agreements or instruments; and 
		 no default or event of default with respect to the 2024 Notes shall have occurred and be continuing and no defaults or events of default related to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization shall occur during the next 90 days. 

If we ever did accomplish full defeasance, as described above, a holder would have to rely solely on the trust deposit for repayment of the 2024 Notes. The holders could not look to us for repayment in the unlikely event of any shortfall. Conversely, the trust deposit would most likely be protected from claims of our lenders and other creditors if we ever became bankrupt or insolvent. If the holder s 2024 Notes were subordinated as described later under Indenture Provisions Ranking, such subordination would not prevent the trustee under the 2024 Indenture from applying the funds available to it from the deposit referred to in the first bullet of the preceding paragraph to the payment of amounts due in respect of such 2024 Notes for the benefit of the subordinated debtholders. 
		 Other Covenants 
		 In addition to any other covenants described in this exhibit, as well as standard covenants relating to payment of principal and interest, maintaining an office where payments may be made or securities can be surrendered for payment, payment of taxes by the Company and related matters, the following covenants will apply to the 2024 Notes: 
		 We agree that for the period of time during which the 2024 Notes are outstanding, we will not violate (whether or not we are subject thereto) Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act or any successor provisions, but giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC. Currently, these provisions generally prohibit us from making additional borrowings, including through the issuance of additional debt securities, unless our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 after such borrowings. 
		 If, at any time, we are not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act to file any periodic reports with the SEC, we agree to furnish to holders of the Notes and the Trustee, for the period of time during which the Notes are outstanding, our audited annual financial statements, within 90 days of our fiscal year end, and unaudited interim financial statements, within 45 days of our fiscal quarter end (other than our fourth fiscal quarter). All such financial statements will be prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with applicable United States generally accepted accounting principles. 
		 Form, Exchange and Transfer of Certificated Registered Securities 
		 If registered 2024 Notes cease to be issued in book -entry form, they will be issued: 
		 only in fully registered certificated form; 
		 without interest coupons; and 
		 unless we indicate otherwise, in denominations of 25 and amounts that are multiples of 25. 
		 Holders may exchange their certificated securities for 2024 Notes of smaller denominations or combined into fewer 2024 Notes of larger denominations, as long as the total principal amount is not changed and as long as the denomination is equal to or greater than 25. 
		 Holders may exchange or transfer their certificated securities at the office of the trustee. We have appointed the trustee to act as our agent for registering 2024 Notes in the names of holders transferring 2024 Notes. We may appoint another entity to perform these functions or perform them ourselves. 
		 Holders will not be required to pay a service charge to transfer or exchange their certificated securities, but they may be required to pay any tax or other governmental charge associated with the transfer or exchange. The transfer or exchange will be made only if our transfer agent is satisfied with the holder s proof of legal ownership. 
		 We may appoint additional transfer agents or cancel the appointment of any particular transfer agent. We may also approve a change in the office through which any transfer agent acts. 
		 If any certificated securities of a particular series are redeemable and we redeem less than all the debt securities of that series, we may block the transfer or exchange of those debt securities during the period beginning 15 days before the day we mail the notice of redemption and ending on the day of that mailing, in order to freeze the list of holders to prepare the mailing. We may also refuse to register transfers or exchanges of any certificated securities selected for redemption, except that we will continue to permit transfers and exchanges of the unredeemed portion of any debt security that will be partially redeemed. 

If a registered debt security is issued in book -entry form, only the depositary will be entitled to transfer and exchange the debt security as described in this subsection, since it will be the sole holder of the debt security. 
		 Resignation of Trustee 
		 The trustee may resign or be removed with respect to the 2024 Notes provided that a successor trustee is appointed to act with respect to the 2024 Notes. In the event that two or more persons are acting as trustee with respect to different series of indenture securities under the 2024 Indenture, each of the trustees will be a trustee of a trust separate and apart from the trust administered by any other trustee. 
		 Indenture Provisions Ranking 
		 The 2024 Notes are our direct unsecured obligations and rank: 
		 pari passu with, which means equal to, all outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by us, including our 6.25 Notes (which have an aggregate principal amount of approximately 44,800,000, plus accrued interest, as of December 31, 2022). The Notes will also rank pari passu with, which means equal to, our general liabilities, which consist of trade and other payables, including any outstanding dividend payable, Base Fee and incentive fees payable, interest and debt fees payable, vendor payables and accrued expenses such as auditor fees, legal fees, director fees, etc. 
		 senior to any of our future indebtedness that expressly provides it is subordinated to the 2024 Notes. We currently do not have outstanding debt that is subordinated to the 2024 Notes and do not currently intend to issue indebtedness that expressly provides that it is subordinated to the 2024 Notes. Therefore, the 2024 Notes will not be senior to any indebtedness or obligations. 
		 effectively subordinated to all of our existing and future secured indebtedness (including indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which we subsequently grant security), to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. In any liquidation, dissolution, bankruptcy or other similar proceeding, the holders of any of our existing or future secured indebtedness may assert rights against the assets pledged to secure that indebtedness in order to receive full payment of their indebtedness before the assets may be used to pay other creditors, including the holders of the Notes, and any assets of our subsidiaries will not be directly available to satisfy the claims of our creditors, including holders of the Notes. Currently, we do not have any secured indebtedness at the Oxford Square Capital Corp. level. 
		 structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of any of the Company s subsidiaries, CLO vehicles in which we hold an equity interest and financing vehicles since the 2024 Notes are obligations exclusively of Oxford Square Capital Corp. and not of any of our subsidiaries. Structural subordination means that creditors of a parent entity are subordinate to creditors of a subsidiary entity with respect to the subsidiary s assets. 
		 Book-Entry Procedures 
		 The 2024 Notes are represented by global securities that are deposited and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee. This means that, except in limited circumstances, a holder will not receive certificates for the 2024 Notes. Beneficial interests in the 2024 Notes is represented through book -entry accounts of financial institutions acting on behalf of beneficial owners as direct and indirect participants in DTC. Investors may elect to hold interests in the 2024 Notes through either DTC, if they are a participant Direct Participants ), or indirectly through organizations that are participants in DTC Indirect Participants ). 
		 The 2024 Notes were issued as fully registered securities registered in the name of Cede Co. (DTC s partnership nominee) or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. One fully -registered certificate was issued for each issuance of the 2024 Notes, in the aggregate principal amount of such issue, and was deposited with DTC. Interests in the 2024 Notes will trade in DTC s Same Day Funds Settlement System, and any permitted secondary market trading activity in such 2024 Notes will, therefore, be required by DTC to be settled in immediately available funds. None of the Company, the Trustee or the Paying Agent will have any responsibility for the performance by DTC or its participants or indirect participants of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 

Purchases of the 2024 Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive a credit for the 2024 Notes on DTC s records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each security, or the Beneficial Owner, is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participants records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase. Beneficial Owners are, however, expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the 2024 Notes are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Direct and Indirect Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in the 2024 Notes, except in the event that use of the book -entry system for the 2024 Notes is discontinued. 
		 To facilitate subsequent transfers, all 2024 Notes deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered in the name of DTC s partnership nominee, Cede Co. or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. The deposit of the 2024 Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede Co. or such other DTC nominee do not effect any change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the 2024 Notes; DTC s records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts the 2024 Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Direct and Indirect Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
		 Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners is governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
		 Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the 2024 Notes within an issue are being redeemed, DTC s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue to be redeemed. 
		 Redemption proceeds, distributions, and interest payments on the 2024 Notes is made to Cede Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. DTC s practice is to credit Direct Participants accounts upon DTC s receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from us or the Trustee on the payment date in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC s records. Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners is governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in street name, and is the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC nor its nominee, the Trustee, or us, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of redemption proceeds, distributions, and interest payments to Cede Co. (or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC) is the responsibility of us or the Trustee, but disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants. 
		 DTC may discontinue providing its services as securities depository with respect to the 2024 Notes at any time by giving reasonable notice to us or to the Trustee. Under such circumstances, in the event that a successor securities depository is not obtained, certificates are required to be printed and delivered. We may decide to discontinue use of the system of book -entry -only transfers through DTC (or a successor securities depository). In that event, certificates will be printed and delivered to DTC. 
		 The information in this section concerning DTC and DTC s book -entry system has been obtained from sources that we believe to be reliable, but we take no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
		 C. Debt Securities 6.25 Notes due 2026 
		 In March 2019, we issued 44,790,750 in aggregate principal amount notes due April 2026 (the 2026 Notes ). As of December 31, 2022, we had 44,790,750 in aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes outstanding. We have listed the 2026 Notes on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol OXSQZ. 
		 The 2026 Notes were issued under a base indenture, dated as of April 12, 2017, and the second supplemental indenture thereto, entered into between us and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (together, the 2026 Indenture ). The 2026 Notes are governed by the 2026 Indenture, as required by federal law for all bonds and notes of companies that are publicly offered. An indenture is a contract between us and the financial institution acting 

as trustee on the holders behalf, and is subject to and governed by the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended. The trustee has two main roles. First, the trustee can enforce the holders rights against us if we default. There are some limitations on the extent to which the trustee acts on the holders behalf, described in the second paragraph under Events of Default Remedies if an Event of Default Occurs. Second, the trustee performs certain administrative duties for us with respect to our 2026 Notes. 
		 This section includes a description of the material terms of the 2026 Notes and the 2026 Indenture. Because this section is a summary, however, it does not describe every aspect of the 2026 Notes and the 2026 Indenture. The 2026 Indenture, and not this exhibit, defines a holder s rights as a holder of the 2026 Notes. The base indenture and the second supplemental indenture have been incorporated by reference as exhibits to the annual report to which this exhibit is attached. 
		 General 
		 The 2026 Notes will mature on April 30, 2026. The principal payable at maturity will be 100 of the aggregate principal amount. The interest rate of the 2026 Notes is 6.25 per year and will be paid every January 31, April 30, July 31 and October 31, beginning July 31, 2019, and the regular record dates for interest payments will be every January 15, April 15, July 15, and October 15, beginning July 15, 2019. If an interest payment date falls on a non -business day, the applicable interest payment will be made on the next business day and no additional interest will accrue as a result of such delayed payment. The initial interest period was the period from and including April 3, 2019, to, but excluding, the initial interest payment date, and the subsequent interest periods will be the periods from and including an interest payment date to, but excluding, the next interest payment date or the stated maturity date, as the case may be. 
		 We issued the 2026 Notes in denominations of 25 and integral multiples of 25 in excess thereof. The 2026 Notes are not subject to any sinking fund and holders of the 2026 Notes will not have the option to have the 2026 Notes repaid prior to the stated maturity date. 
		 Except as described under the captions Events of Default, Other Covenants, and Merger or Consolidation in this exhibit, the 2026 Indenture does not contain any provisions that give the holders protection in the event we issue a large amount of debt or we are acquired by another entity. 
		 We have the ability to issue indenture securities with terms different from the 2026 Notes and, without the consent of the holders thereof, to reopen the 2026 Notes and issue additional 2026 Notes. 
		 Optional Redemption 
		 The 2026 Notes may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option on or after April 30, 2022 upon not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days written notice by mail prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof, at a redemption price of 100 of the outstanding principal amount of the 2026 Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest payments otherwise payable thereon for the then -current quarterly interest period accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
		 The holders may be prevented from exchanging or transferring the 2026 Notes when they are subject to redemption. In case any 2026 Notes are to be redeemed in part only, the redemption notice will provide that, upon surrender of such 2026 Notes, the holder will receive, without a charge, a new note or notes of authorized denominations representing the principal amount of the holder s remaining unredeemed 2026 Notes. Any exercise of our option to redeem the 2026 Notes will be done in compliance with the 1940 Act. 
		 If we redeem only some of the 2026 Notes, the trustee or, with respect to global securities, DTC, will determine the method for selection of the particular 2026 Notes to be redeemed, in accordance with the 2026 Indenture and the 1940 Act and in accordance with the rules of The Nasdaq Global Select Market, where the 2026 Notes are listed. Unless we default in payment of the redemption price, on and after the date of redemption, interest will cease to accrue on the 2026 Notes called for redemption. 

Global Securities 
		 Each 2026 Note will be issued in book -entry form and represented by a global security that we deposit with and register in the name of DTC, or its nominee. A global security may not be transferred to or registered in the name of anyone other than the depositary or its nominee, unless special termination situations arise. As a result of these arrangements, the depositary, or its nominee, will be the sole registered owner and holder of all the 2026 Notes represented by a global security, and investors will be permitted to own only beneficial interests in a global security. For more information about these arrangements, see Book -Entry Procedures below. 
		 Termination of a Global Security 
		 If a global security is terminated for any reason, interests in it will be exchanged for certificates in non -book -entry form (certificated securities). After that exchange, the choice of whether to hold the certificated 2026 Notes directly or in street name will be up to the investor. Investors must consult their own banks or brokers to find out how to have their interests in a global security transferred on termination to their own names, so that they will be holders. 
		 Payment and Paying Agents 
		 We will pay interest to the person listed in the trustee s records as the owner of the 2026 Notes at the close of business on a particular day in advance of each due date for interest, even if that person no longer owns the Note on the interest due date. That day, usually about two weeks in advance of the interest due date, is called the record date. Because we will pay all the interest for an interest period to the holders on the record date, holders buying and selling the 2026 Notes must work out between themselves the appropriate purchase price. The most common manner is to adjust the sales price of the 2026 Notes to prorate interest fairly between buyer and seller based on their respective ownership periods within the particular interest period. This prorated interest amount is called accrued interest. 
		 Payments on Global Securities 
		 We will make payments on the 2026 Notes so long as they are represented by a global security in accordance with the applicable policies of the depositary as in effect from time to time. Under those policies, we will make payments directly to the depositary, or its nominee, and not to any indirect holders who own beneficial interests in the global security. An indirect holder s right to those payments will be governed by the rules and practices of the depositary and its participants, as described under Book -Entry Procedures. 
		 Payments on Certificated Securities 
		 In the event the 2026 Notes become represented by certificated securities, we will make payments on the 2026 Notes as follows. We will pay interest that is due on an interest payment date to the holder of the 2026 Notes as shown on the trustee s records as of the close of business on the regular record date at our office in New York, New York. We will make all payments of principal and premium, if any, by check at the office of the applicable trustee in New York, New York and/or at other offices that may be specified in the 2026 Indenture or a notice to holders against surrender of the Note. 
		 Alternatively, at our option, we may pay any cash interest that becomes due on the 2026 Notes by mailing a check to the holder at his, her or its address shown on the trustee s records as of the close of business on the regular record date or by transfer to an account at a bank in the United States, in either case, on the due date. 
		 Payment When Offices Are Closed 
		 If any payment is due on the 2026 Notes on a day that is not a business day, we will make the payment on the next day that is a business day. Payments made on the next business day in this situation are treated under the 2026 Indenture as if they were made on the original due date. Such payment will not result in a default under the 2026 Notes or the 2026 Indenture, and no interest will accrue on the payment amount from the original due date to the next day that is a business day. 
		 Book -entry and other indirect holders should consult their banks or brokers for information on how they will receive payments on the 2026 Notes. 

Events of Default 
		 Holders will have rights if an Event of Default occurs in respect of the 2026 Notes, as described later in this subsection. 
		 The term Event of Default in respect of the 2026 Notes means any of the following: 
		 we do not pay the principal of (or premium, if any, on) any 2026 Note when due; 
		 we do not pay interest on any 2026 Note when due, and such default is not cured within 30 days; 
		 we remain in breach of a covenant in respect of the 2026 Notes for 60 days after we receive a written notice of default stating we are in breach (the notice must be sent by either the trustee or holders of at least 25 of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes); 
		 we file for bankruptcy or certain other events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization occur and in the case of certain orders or decrees entered against us under bankruptcy law, such order or decree remains undischarged or unstayed for a period of 60 days; or 
		 on the last business day of each of twenty -four consecutive calendar months, the 2026 Notes have the asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, of less than 100 after giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC. 
		 An Event of Default for the 2026 Notes does not necessarily constitute an Event of Default for any other series of debt securities issued under the same or any other indenture. The trustee may withhold notice to the holders of the 2026 Notes of any default, except in the payment of principal or interest, if it in good faith considers the withholding of notice to be in the best interests of the holders. 
		 Remedies if an Event of Default Occurs 
		 If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the trustee or the holders of not less than 25 in principal amount of the 2026 Notes may declare the entire principal amount of all the 2026 Notes to be due and immediately payable. This is called a declaration of acceleration of maturity. In certain circumstances, a declaration of acceleration of maturity may be cancelled by the holders of a majority in principal amount of the 2026 Notes if (1) we have deposited with the trustee all amounts due and owing with respect to the 2026 Notes (other than principal that has become due solely by reason of such acceleration) and certain other amounts, and (2) any other Events of Default have been cured or waived. 
		 Except in cases of default, where the trustee has some special duties, the trustee is not required to take any action under the 2026 Indenture at the request of any holders unless the holders offer the trustee reasonable protection from expenses and liability reasonably satisfactory to it (called an indemnity ). If indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the trustee is provided, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the 2026 Notes may direct the time, method and place of conducting any lawsuit or other formal legal action seeking any remedy available to the trustee. The trustee may refuse to follow those directions in certain circumstances. No delay or omission in exercising any right or remedy will be treated as a waiver of that right, remedy or Event of Default. 
		 Before a holder is allowed to bypass the trustee and bring its own lawsuit or other formal legal action or take other steps to enforce its rights or protect its interests relating to the 2026 Notes, the following must occur: 
		 the holder must give the trustee written notice that an Event of Default has occurred and remains uncured; 
		 the holders of at least 25 in principal amount of all the 2026 Notes must make a written request that the trustee take action because of the default and must offer reasonable indemnity, security, or both to the trustee against the cost, expenses, and other liabilities of taking that action; 
		 the trustee must not have taken action for 60 days after receipt of the above notice and offer of indemnity and/or security; and 
		 the holders of a majority in principal amount of the 2026 Notes must not have given the trustee a direction inconsistent with the above notice during that 60 -day period. 

However, the holder is entitled at any time to bring a lawsuit for the payment of money due on its 2026 Notes on or after the due date. 
		 Book -entry and other indirect holders should consult their banks or brokers for information on how to give notice or direction to or make a request of the trustee and how to declare or cancel an acceleration of maturity. 
		 Each year, we will furnish to the trustee a written statement of certain of our officers certifying that to their knowledge we are in compliance with the 2026 Indenture and the 2026 Notes, or else specifying any default. 
		 Waiver of Default 
		 The holders of a majority in principal amount of the 2026 Notes may waive any past defaults other than other than: 
		 the payment of principal or interest; or 
		 in respect of a covenant that cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each holder of the 2026 Notes. 
		 Merger or Consolidation 
		 Under the terms of the 2026 Indenture, we are generally permitted to consolidate or merge with another entity. We are also permitted to sell all or substantially all of our assets to another entity. However, we may not take any of these actions unless all the following conditions are met: 
		 where we merge out of existence or convey or transfer our assets substantially as an entirety, the resulting entity must agree to be legally responsible for our obligations under the 2026 Notes; 
		 the merger or sale of assets must not cause a default on the 2026 Notes and we must not already be in default (unless the merger or sale would cure the default). For purposes of this no -default test, a default would include an Event of Default that has occurred and has not been cured, as described under Events of Default above. A default for this purpose would also include any event that would be an Event of Default if the requirements for giving us a notice of default or our default having to exist for a specific period of time were disregarded; and 
		 we must deliver certain certificates and documents to the trustee. 
		 Modification or Waiver 
		 There are three types of changes we can make to the 2026 Indenture and the 2026 Notes issued thereunder. 
		 Changes Requiring Approval 
		 First, there are changes that we cannot make to the 2026 Notes without the holders specific approval. The following is a list of those types of changes: 
		 change the stated maturity of the principal of or interest on the 2026 Notes; 
		 reduce any amounts due on the 2026 Notes or reduce the rate of interest on the 2026 Notes; 
		 reduce the amount of principal payable upon acceleration of the maturity of a Note following a default; 
		 change the place or currency of payment on a 2026 Note; 
		 impair the holder s right to sue for payment; 
		 reduce the percentage of holders of 2026 Notes whose consent is needed to modify or amend the 2026 Indenture; and 
		 reduce the percentage of holders of 2026 Notes whose consent is needed to waive compliance with certain provisions of the 2026 Indenture or to waive certain defaults or reduce the percentage of holders of 2026 Notes required to satisfy quorum or voting requirements at a meeting of holders of the 2026 Notes. 

Changes Not Requiring Approval 
		 The second type of change does not require any vote by the holders of the 2026 Notes. This type is limited to clarifications and certain other changes that would not adversely affect holders of the 2026 Notes in any material respect. 
		 Changes Requiring Majority Approval 
		 Any other change to the 2026 Indenture and the 2026 Notes would require the following approval: 
		 if the change affects only the 2026 Notes, it must be approved by the holders of a majority in principal amount of the 2026 Notes; and 
		 if the change affects more than one series of debt securities issued under the same indenture, it must be approved by the holders of a majority in principal amount of all of the series affected by the change, with all affected series voting together as one class for this purpose. 
		 In each case, the required approval must be given by written consent. 
		 The holders of a majority in principal amount of all of the series of debt securities issued under an indenture, voting together as one class for this purpose, may waive our compliance with some of our covenants in that indenture. However, we cannot obtain a waiver of a payment default or of any of the matters covered by the bullet points included above under Changes Requiring Approval. 
		 Further Details Concerning Voting 
		 When taking a vote, we will use the following rules to decide how much principal to attribute to the 2026 Notes: 
		 The 2026 Notes will not be considered outstanding, and therefore not eligible to vote, if we have deposited or set aside in trust money for their payment or redemption. The 2026 Notes will also not be eligible to vote if they have been fully defeased as described later under Defeasance Full Defeasance. 
		 We will generally be entitled to set any day as a record date for the purpose of determining the holders of the 2026 Notes that are entitled to vote or take other action under the 2026 Indenture. However, the record date may not be earlier than 30 days before the date of the first solicitation of holders to vote on or take such action and not later than the date such solicitation is completed. If we set a record date for a vote or other action to be taken by holders of the 2026 Notes, that vote or action may be taken only by persons who are holders of the 2026 Notes on the record date and must be taken within eleven months following the record date. 
		 Book -entry and other indirect holders should consult their banks or brokers for information on how approval may be granted or denied if we seek to change the 2026 Indenture or the 2026 Notes or request a waiver. 
		 Satisfaction and Discharge 
		 The 2026 Indenture will be discharged and will cease to be of further effect with respect to the 2026 Notes when: 
		 Either 
		 all the 2026 Notes that have been authenticated have been delivered to the trustee for cancellation; or 
		 all the 2026 Notes that have not been delivered to the trustee for cancellation: 
		 have become due and payable, or 
		 will become due and payable at their stated maturity within one year, or 

are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Company, 
		 and we, in the case of the first, second and third sub -bullets above, have irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the trustee as trust funds in trust solely for the benefit of the holders of the 2026 Notes, in amounts in the currency payable for the 2026 Notes as will be sufficient, to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness (including all principal, premium, if any, and interest) on such 2026 Notes delivered to the trustee for cancellation (in the case of 2026 Notes that have become due and payable on or prior to the date of such deposit) or to the stated maturity or redemption date, as the case may be; 
		 we have paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable by us under the 2026 Indenture with respect to the 2026 Notes; and 
		 we have delivered to the trustee an officers certificate and legal opinion, each stating that all conditions precedent provided for in the 2026 Indenture relating to the satisfaction and discharge of the 2026 Indenture and the 2026 Notes have been complied with. 
		 Defeasance 
		 The following defeasance provisions are applicable to the 2026 Notes. Defeasance means that, by depositing with a trustee an amount of cash and/or government securities sufficient to pay all principal and interest, if any, on the 2026 Notes when due and satisfying any additional conditions noted below, we will be deemed to have been discharged from our obligations under the 2026 Notes. In the event of a covenant defeasance, upon depositing such funds and satisfying similar conditions discussed below we would be released from certain covenants under the 2026 Indenture relating to the 2026 Notes. 
		 Covenant Defeasance 
		 Under current U.S. federal tax law and the 2026 Indenture, we can make the deposit described below and be released from some of the restrictive covenants in the 2026 Indenture. This is called covenant defeasance. In that event, a holder would lose the protection of those restrictive covenants but would gain the protection of having money and government securities set aside in trust to repay the holder s 2026 Notes. The consequences to the holders of the 2026 Notes would be that, while they would no longer benefit from certain covenants under the 2026 Indenture, and while the 2026 Notes could not be accelerated for any reason, the holders of the 2026 Notes nonetheless could look to the Company for repayment of the 2026 Notes if there were a shortfall in the funds deposited with the trustee or the trustee is prevented from making a payment. In order to achieve covenant defeasance, the following must occur: 
		 Since the 2026 Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, we must deposit in trust for the benefit of all holders of the 2026 Notes a combination of cash and U.S. government or U.S. government agency 2026 Notes or bonds that will generate enough cash to make interest, principal and any other payments on the 2026 Notes on their various due dates; 
		 we must deliver to the trustee a legal opinion of our counsel confirming that, under current U.S. federal income tax law, we may make the above deposit without causing the holders to be taxed on the 2026 Notes any differently than if we did not make the deposit; 
		 we must deliver to the trustee a legal opinion of our counsel stating that the above deposit does not require registration by us under the 1940 Act, and a legal opinion and officers certificate stating that all conditions precedent to covenant defeasance have been complied with; 
		 defeasance must not result in a breach or violation of, or result in a default under, the 2026 Indenture or any of our other material agreements or instruments; and 
		 no default or event of default with respect to the 2026 Notes shall have occurred and be continuing and no defaults or events of default related to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization shall occur during the next 90 days. 

If we accomplish covenant defeasance, a holder can still look to us for repayment of the 2026 Notes if there were a shortfall in the trust deposit or the trustee is prevented from making payment. In fact, if one of the remaining Events of Default occurred (such as our bankruptcy) and the 2026 Notes became immediately due and payable, there might be a shortfall. Depending on the event causing the default, a holder may not be able to obtain payment of the shortfall. 
		 Full Defeasance 
		 If there is a change in U.S. federal tax law, as described below, we can legally release ourselves from all payment and other obligations on the 2026 Notes (called full defeasance if we put in place the following other arrangements for the holders to be repaid: 
		 Since the 2026 Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, we must deposit in trust for the benefit of all holders of the 2026 Notes a combination of money and U.S. government or U.S. government agency 2026 Notes or bonds that will generate enough cash to make interest, principal and any other payments on the 2026 Notes on their various due dates; 
		 we must deliver to the trustee a legal opinion confirming that there has been a change in current U.S. federal tax law or a U.S. Internal Revenue Service ruling that allows us to make the above deposit without causing a holder to be taxed on the 2026 Notes any differently than if we did not make the deposit. Under current U.S. federal tax law the deposit and our legal release from the 2026 Notes would be treated as though we paid a holder its share of the cash and 2026 Notes or bonds at the time the cash and 2026 Notes or bonds were deposited in trust in exchange for a holder s 2026 Notes and a holder would recognize gain or loss on the 2026 Notes at the time of the deposit; 
		 we must deliver to the trustee a legal opinion of our counsel stating that the above deposit does not require registration by us under the 1940 Act, and a legal opinion and officers certificate stating that all conditions precedent to defeasance have been complied with; 
		 defeasance must not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, of the 2026 Indenture or any of our other material agreements or instruments; and 
		 no default or event of default with respect to the 2026 Notes shall have occurred and be continuing and no defaults or events of default related to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization shall occur during the next 90 days. 
		 If we ever did accomplish full defeasance, as described above, the holders would have to rely solely on the trust deposit for repayment of the 2026 Notes. The holders could not look to us for repayment in the unlikely event of any shortfall. Conversely, the trust deposit would most likely be protected from claims of our lenders and other creditors if we ever became bankrupt or insolvent. 
		 Other Covenants 
		 In addition to any other covenants described in this exhibit, as well as standard covenants relating to payment of principal and interest, maintaining an office where payments may be made or securities can be surrendered for payment, payment of taxes by the Company and related matters, the following covenants will apply to the 2026 Notes: 
		 We agree that for the period of time during which the 2026 Notes are outstanding, we will not violate (whether or not we are subject thereto) Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by such provisions of Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act as may be applicable to us from time to time or any successor provisions, but giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC. Currently, these provisions generally prohibit us from making additional borrowings, including through the issuance of additional debt securities, unless our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 after such borrowings. 

We agree that for the period of time during which the 2026 Notes are outstanding, we will not declare any dividend (except a dividend payable in our stock), or declare any other distribution, upon a class of our capital stock, or purchase any such capital stock, unless, in every such case, at the time of the declaration of any such dividend or distribution, or at the time of any such purchase, we have an asset coverage (as defined in the 1940 Act) of at least the threshold specified in Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by such provisions of Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act as may be applicable to us from time to time or any successor provisions thereto of the 1940 Act, as such obligation may be amended or superseded, after deducting the amount of such dividend, distribution or purchase price, as the case may be, and in each case giving effect to (i) any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC, and (ii) any SEC no -action relief granted by the SEC to another BDC (or to us if we determine to seek such similar no -action or other relief) permitting the BDC to declare any cash dividend or distribution notwithstanding the prohibition contained in Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by such provisions of Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act as may be applicable to us from time to time, as such obligation may be amended or superseded, in order to maintain such BDC s status as a regulated investment company under Subchapter M of the Code. 
		 If, at any time, we are not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act to file any periodic reports with the SEC, we agree to furnish to holders of the 2026 Notes and the Trustee, for the period of time during which the 2026 Notes are outstanding, our audited annual financial statements, within 90 days of our fiscal year end, and unaudited interim financial statements, within 45 days of our fiscal quarter end (other than our fourth fiscal quarter). All such financial statements will be prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with applicable United States generally accepted accounting principles. 
		 Form, Exchange and Transfer of Certificated Registered Securities 
		 If registered 2026 Notes cease to be issued in book -entry form, they will be issued: 
		 only in fully registered certificated form; 
		 without interest coupons; and 
		 unless we indicate otherwise, in denominations of 25 and amounts that are multiples of 25. 
		 Holders may exchange their certificated securities for 2026 Notes of smaller denominations or combined into fewer 2026 Notes of larger denominations, as long as the total principal amount is not changed and as long as the denomination is equal to or greater than 25. 
		 Holders may exchange or transfer their certificated securities at the office of the trustee. We have appointed the trustee to act as our agent for registering 2026 Notes in the names of holders transferring 2026 Notes. We may appoint another entity to perform these functions or perform them ourselves. 
		 Holders will not be required to pay a service charge to transfer or exchange their certificated securities, but they may be required to pay any tax or other governmental charge associated with the transfer or exchange. The transfer or exchange will be made only if our transfer agent is satisfied with the holder s proof of legal ownership. 
		 We may appoint additional transfer agents or cancel the appointment of any particular transfer agent. We may also approve a change in the office through which any transfer agent acts. 
		 If we redeem less than all the 2026 Notes, we may block the transfer or exchange of those 2026 Notes selected for redemption during the period beginning 15 days before the day we mail the notice of redemption and ending on the day of that mailing, in order to freeze the list of holders to prepare the mailing. We may also refuse to register transfers or exchanges of any certificated 2026 Notes selected for redemption, except that we will continue to permit transfers and exchanges of the unredeemed portion of any 2026 Notes that will be partially redeemed. 
		 If a registered debt security is issued in book -entry form, only the depositary will be entitled to transfer and exchange the debt security as described in this subsection, since it will be the sole holder of the debt security. 

Resignation of Trustee 
		 The trustee may resign or be removed with respect to the 2026 Notes provided that a successor trustee is appointed to act with respect to the 2026 Notes. In the event that two or more persons are acting as trustee with respect to different series of indenture securities under the 2026 Indenture, each of the trustees will be a trustee of a trust separate and apart from the trust administered by any other trustee. 
		 Indenture Provisions Ranking 
		 The 2026 Notes are our direct unsecured obligations and rank: 
		 pari passu with, which means equal to, all outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by us, including our 2024 Notes (which have an aggregate principal amount of approximately 64,400,000, plus accrued interest, as of December 31, 2022). The 2026 Notes also rank pari passu with, which means equal to, our general liabilities, which consist of trade and other payables, including any outstanding dividend payable, Base Fee and incentive fees payable, interest and debt fees payable, vendor payables and accrued expenses such as auditor fees, legal fees, director fees, etc. 
		 senior to any of our future indebtedness that expressly provides it is subordinated to the 2026 Notes. We currently do not have outstanding debt that is subordinated to the 2026 Notes and do not currently intend to issue indebtedness that expressly provides that it is subordinated to the 2026 Notes. Therefore, the 2026 Notes will not be senior to any indebtedness or obligations. 
		 effectively subordinated to all of our existing and future secured indebtedness (including indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which we subsequently grant security), to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. In any liquidation, dissolution, bankruptcy or other similar proceeding, the holders of any of our existing or future secured indebtedness may assert rights against the assets pledged to secure that indebtedness in order to receive full payment of their indebtedness before the assets may be used to pay other creditors, including the holders of the 2026 Notes, and any assets of our subsidiaries will not be directly available to satisfy the claims of our creditors, including holders of the 2026 Notes. Currently, we do not have any secured indebtedness at the Oxford Square Capital Corp. level. 
		 structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of any of the Company s subsidiaries, CLO vehicles in which we hold an equity interest and financing vehicles since the 2026 Notes are obligations exclusively of Oxford Square Capital Corp. and not of any of our subsidiaries. Structural subordination means that creditors of a parent entity are subordinate to creditors of a subsidiary entity with respect to the subsidiary s assets. 
		 Book-Entry Procedures 
		 The 2026 Notes are represented by global securities that are deposited and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee. This means that, except in limited circumstances, a holder will not receive certificates for the 2026 Notes. Beneficial interests in the 2026 Notes is represented through book -entry accounts of financial institutions acting on behalf of beneficial owners as direct and indirect participants in DTC. Investors may elect to hold interests in the 2026 Notes through either DTC, if they are a participant Direct Participants ), or indirectly through organizations that are participants in DTC Indirect Participants ). 
		 The 2026 Notes were issued as fully registered securities registered in the name of Cede Co. (DTC s partnership nominee) or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. One fully -registered certificate was issued for each issuance of the 2026 Notes, in the aggregate principal amount of such issue, and was deposited with DTC. Interests in the 2026 Notes will trade in DTC s Same Day Funds Settlement System, and any permitted secondary market trading activity in such 2026 Notes will, therefore, be required by DTC to be settled in immediately available funds. None of the Company, the Trustee or the Paying Agent will have any responsibility for the performance by DTC or its participants or indirect participants of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 

Purchases of the 2026 Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive a credit for the 2026 Notes on DTC s records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each security, or the Beneficial Owner, is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participants records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase. Beneficial Owners are, however, expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the 2026 Notes are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Direct and Indirect Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in the 2026 Notes, except in the event that use of the book -entry system for the 2026 Notes is discontinued. 
		 To facilitate subsequent transfers, all 2026 Notes deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered in the name of DTC s partnership nominee, Cede Co. or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. The deposit of the 2026 Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede Co. or such other DTC nominee do not effect any change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the 2026 Notes; DTC s records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts the 2026 Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Direct and Indirect Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
		 Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners is governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
		 Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the 2026 Notes within an issue are being redeemed, DTC s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue to be redeemed. 
		 Redemption proceeds, distributions, and interest payments on the 2026 Notes is made to Cede Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. DTC s practice is to credit Direct Participants accounts upon DTC s receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from us or the Trustee on the payment date in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC s records. Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners is governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in street name, and is the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC nor its nominee, the Trustee, or us, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of redemption proceeds, distributions, and interest payments to Cede Co. (or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC) is the responsibility of us or the Trustee, but disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants. 
		 DTC may discontinue providing its services as securities depository with respect to the 2026 Notes at any time by giving reasonable notice to us or to the Trustee. Under such circumstances, in the event that a successor securities depository is not obtained, certificates are required to be printed and delivered. We may decide to discontinue use of the system of book -entry -only transfers through DTC (or a successor securities depository). In that event, certificates will be printed and delivered to DTC. 
		 The information in this section concerning DTC and DTC s book -entry system has been obtained from sources that we believe to be reliable, but we take no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
		 D. Debt Securities 5.50 Notes due 2028 
		 In May 2021, we issued 80,500,000 in aggregate principal amount notes due July 31, 2028 (the 2028 Notes ). As of December 31, 2022, we had 80,500,000 in aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Notes outstanding. We have listed the 2028 Notes on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol OXSQG. 

The 2028 Notes were issued under a base indenture, dated as of April 12, 2017, and the third supplemental indenture thereto, entered into between us and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (together, the 2028 Indenture ). The 2028 Notes are governed by the 2028 Indenture, as required by federal law for all bonds and notes of companies that are publicly offered. An indenture is a contract between us and the financial institution acting as trustee on the holders behalf, and is subject to and governed by the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended. The trustee has two main roles. First, the trustee can enforce the holders rights against us if we default. There are some limitations on the extent to which the trustee acts on the holders behalf, described in the second paragraph under Events of Default Remedies if an Event of Default Occurs. Second, the trustee performs certain administrative duties for us with respect to our 2028 Notes. 
		 This section includes a description of the material terms of the 2028 Notes and the 2028 Indenture. Because this section is a summary, however, it does not describe every aspect of the 2028 Notes and the 2028 Indenture. The 2028 Indenture, and not this exhibit, defines a holder s rights as a holder of the 2028 Notes. The base indenture and the third supplemental indenture have been incorporated by reference as exhibits to the annual report to which this exhibit is attached. 
		 General 
		 The 2028 Notes will mature on July 31, 2028. The principal payable at maturity will be 100 of the aggregate principal amount. The interest rate of the 2028 Notes is 5.50 per year and will be paid every January 31, April 30, July 31 and October 31, beginning July 31, 2021, and the regular record dates for interest payments will be every January 15, April 15, July 15, and October 15, beginning July 15, 2021. If an interest payment date falls on a non -business day, the applicable interest payment will be made on the next business day and no additional interest will accrue as a result of such delayed payment. The initial interest period was the period from and including May 20, 2021, to, but excluding, the initial interest payment date, and the subsequent interest periods will be the periods from and including an interest payment date to, but excluding, the next interest payment date or the stated maturity date, as the case may be. 
		 We issued the 2028 Notes in denominations of 25 and integral multiples of 25 in excess thereof. The 2028 Notes are not subject to any sinking fund and holders of the 2028 Notes will not have the option to have the 2028 Notes repaid prior to the stated maturity date. 
		 Except as described under the captions Events of Default, Other Covenants, and Merger or Consolidation in this exhibit, the 2028 Indenture does not contain any provisions that give the holders protection in the event we issue a large amount of debt or we are acquired by another entity. 
		 We have the ability to issue indenture securities with terms different from the 2028 Notes and, without the consent of the holders thereof, to reopen the 2028 Notes and issue additional 2028 Notes. 
		 Optional Redemption 
		 The 2028 Notes may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option on or after May 31, 2024 upon not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days written notice by mail prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof, at a redemption price of 100 of the outstanding principal amount of the 2028 Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest payments otherwise payable thereon for the then -current quarterly interest period accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
		 The holders may be prevented from exchanging or transferring the 2028 Notes when they are subject to redemption. In case any 2028 Notes are to be redeemed in part only, the redemption notice will provide that, upon surrender of such 2028 Notes, the holder will receive, without a charge, a new note or notes of authorized denominations representing the principal amount of the holder s remaining unredeemed 2028 Notes. Any exercise of our option to redeem the 2028 Notes will be done in compliance with the 1940 Act. 
		 If we redeem only some of the 2028 Notes, the trustee or, with respect to global securities, DTC, will determine the method for selection of the particular 2028 Notes to be redeemed, in accordance with the 2028 Indenture and the 1940 Act and in accordance with the rules of The Nasdaq Global Select Market, where the 2028 Notes are listed. Unless we default in payment of the redemption price, on and after the date of redemption, interest will cease to accrue on the 2028 Notes called for redemption. 

Global Securities 
		 Each 2028 Note will be issued in book -entry form and represented by a global security that we deposit with and register in the name of DTC, or its nominee. A global security may not be transferred to or registered in the name of anyone other than the depositary or its nominee, unless special termination situations arise. As a result of these arrangements, the depositary, or its nominee, will be the sole registered owner and holder of all the 2028 Notes represented by a global security, and investors will be permitted to own only beneficial interests in a global security. For more information about these arrangements, see Book -Entry Procedures below. 
		 Termination of a Global Security 
		 If a global security is terminated for any reason, interests in it will be exchanged for certificates in non -book -entry form (certificated securities). After that exchange, the choice of whether to hold the certificated 2028 Notes directly or in street name will be up to the investor. Investors must consult their own banks or brokers to find out how to have their interests in a global security transferred on termination to their own names, so that they will be holders. 
		 Payment and Paying Agents 
		 We will pay interest to the person listed in the trustee s records as the owner of the 2028 Notes at the close of business on a particular day in advance of each due date for interest, even if that person no longer owns the Note on the interest due date. That day, usually about two weeks in advance of the interest due date, is called the record date. Because we will pay all the interest for an interest period to the holders on the record date, holders buying and selling the 2028 Notes must work out between themselves the appropriate purchase price. The most common manner is to adjust the sales price of the 2028 Notes to prorate interest fairly between buyer and seller based on their respective ownership periods within the particular interest period. This prorated interest amount is called accrued interest. 
		 Payments on Global Securities 
		 We will make payments on the 2028 Notes so long as they are represented by a global security in accordance with the applicable policies of the depositary as in effect from time to time. Under those policies, we will make payments directly to the depositary, or its nominee, and not to any indirect holders who own beneficial interests in the global security. An indirect holder s right to those payments will be governed by the rules and practices of the depositary and its participants, as described under Book -Entry Procedures. 
		 Payments on Certificated Securities 
		 In the event the 2028 Notes become represented by certificated securities, we will make payments on the 2028 Notes as follows. We will pay interest that is due on an interest payment date to the holder of the 2028 Notes as shown on the trustee s records as of the close of business on the regular record date at our office in New York, New York. We will make all payments of principal and premium, if any, by check at the office of the applicable trustee in New York, New York and/or at other offices that may be specified in the 2028 Indenture or a notice to holders against surrender of the Note. 
		 Alternatively, at our option, we may pay any cash interest that becomes due on the 2028 Notes by mailing a check to the holder at his, her or its address shown on the trustee s records as of the close of business on the regular record date or by transfer to an account at a bank in the United States, in either case, on the due date. 
		 Payment When Offices Are Closed 
		 If any payment is due on the 2028 Notes on a day that is not a business day, we will make the payment on the next day that is a business day. Payments made on the next business day in this situation are treated under the 2028 Indenture as if they were made on the original due date. Such payment will not result in a default under the 2028 Notes or the 2028 Indenture, and no interest will accrue on the payment amount from the original due date to the next day that is a business day. 
		 Book -entry and other indirect holders should consult their banks or brokers for information on how they will receive payments on the 2028 Notes. 

Events of Default 
		 Holders will have rights if an Event of Default occurs in respect of the 2028 Notes, as described later in this subsection. 
		 The term Event of Default in respect of the 2028 Notes means any of the following: 
		 we do not pay the principal of (or premium, if any, on) any 2028 Note when due; 
		 we do not pay interest on any 2028 Note when due, and such default is not cured within 30 days; 
		 we remain in breach of a covenant in respect of the 2028 Notes for 60 days after we receive a written notice of default stating we are in breach (the notice must be sent by either the trustee or holders of at least 25 of the principal amount of the 2028 Notes); 
		 we file for bankruptcy or certain other events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization occur and in the case of certain orders or decrees entered against us under bankruptcy law, such order or decree remains undischarged or unstayed for a period of 60 days; or 
		 on the last business day of each of twenty -four consecutive calendar months, the 2028 Notes have the asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, of less than 100 after giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC. 
		 An Event of Default for the 2028 Notes does not necessarily constitute an Event of Default for any other series of debt securities issued under the same or any other indenture. The trustee may withhold notice to the holders of the 2028 Notes of any default, except in the payment of principal or interest, if it in good faith considers the withholding of notice to be in the best interests of the holders. 
		 Remedies if an Event of Default Occurs 
		 If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the trustee or the holders of not less than 25 in principal amount of the 2028 Notes may declare the entire principal amount of all the 2028 Notes to be due and immediately payable. This is called a declaration of acceleration of maturity. In certain circumstances, a declaration of acceleration of maturity may be cancelled by the holders of a majority in principal amount of the 2028 Notes if (1) we have deposited with the trustee all amounts due and owing with respect to the 2028 Notes (other than principal that has become due solely by reason of such acceleration) and certain other amounts, and (2) any other Events of Default have been cured or waived. 
		 Except in cases of default, where the trustee has some special duties, the trustee is not required to take any action under the 2028 Indenture at the request of any holders unless the holders offer the trustee reasonable protection from expenses and liability reasonably satisfactory to it (called an indemnity ). If indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the trustee is provided, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the 2028 Notes may direct the time, method and place of conducting any lawsuit or other formal legal action seeking any remedy available to the trustee. The trustee may refuse to follow those directions in certain circumstances. No delay or omission in exercising any right or remedy will be treated as a waiver of that right, remedy or Event of Default. 
		 Before a holder is allowed to bypass the trustee and bring its own lawsuit or other formal legal action or take other steps to enforce its rights or protect its interests relating to the 2028 Notes, the following must occur: 
		 the holder must give the trustee written notice that an Event of Default has occurred and remains uncured; 
		 the holders of at least 25 in principal amount of all the 2028 Notes must make a written request that the trustee take action because of the default and must offer reasonable indemnity, security, or both to the trustee against the cost, expenses, and other liabilities of taking that action; 
		 the trustee must not have taken action for 60 days after receipt of the above notice and offer of indemnity and/or security; and 

the holders of a majority in principal amount of the 2028 Notes must not have given the trustee a direction inconsistent with the above notice during that 60 -day period. 
		 However, the holder is entitled at any time to bring a lawsuit for the payment of money due on its 2028 Notes on or after the due date. 
		 Book -entry and other indirect holders should consult their banks or brokers for information on how to give notice or direction to or make a request of the trustee and how to declare or cancel an acceleration of maturity. 
		 Each year, we will furnish to the trustee a written statement of certain of our officers certifying that to their knowledge we are in compliance with the 2028 Indenture and the 2028 Notes, or else specifying any default. 
		 Waiver of Default 
		 The holders of a majority in principal amount of the 2028 Notes may waive any past defaults other than other than: 
		 the payment of principal or interest; or 
		 in respect of a covenant that cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each holder of the 2028 Notes. 
		 Merger or Consolidation 
		 Under the terms of the 2028 Indenture, we are generally permitted to consolidate or merge with another entity. We are also permitted to sell all or substantially all of our assets to another entity. However, we may not take any of these actions unless all the following conditions are met: 
		 where we merge out of existence or convey or transfer our assets substantially as an entirety, the resulting entity must agree to be legally responsible for our obligations under the 2028 Notes; 
		 the merger or sale of assets must not cause a default on the 2028 Notes and we must not already be in default (unless the merger or sale would cure the default). For purposes of this no -default test, a default would include an Event of Default that has occurred and has not been cured, as described under Events of Default above. A default for this purpose would also include any event that would be an Event of Default if the requirements for giving us a notice of default or our default having to exist for a specific period of time were disregarded; and 
		 we must deliver certain certificates and documents to the trustee. 
		 Modification or Waiver 
		 There are three types of changes we can make to the 2028 Indenture and the 2028 Notes issued thereunder. 
		 Changes Requiring Approval 
		 First, there are changes that we cannot make to the 2028 Notes without the holders specific approval. The following is a list of those types of changes: 
		 change the stated maturity of the principal of or interest on the 2028 Notes; 
		 reduce any amounts due on the 2028 Notes or reduce the rate of interest on the 2028 Notes; 
		 reduce the amount of principal payable upon acceleration of the maturity of a 2028 Note following a default; 
		 change the place or currency of payment on a 2028 Note; 
		 impair the holder s right to sue for payment; 

reduce the percentage of holders of 2028 Notes whose consent is needed to modify or amend the 2028 Indenture; and 
		 reduce the percentage of holders of 2028 Notes whose consent is needed to waive compliance with certain provisions of the 2028 Indenture or to waive certain defaults or reduce the percentage of holders of 2028 Notes required to satisfy quorum or voting requirements at a meeting of holders of the 2028 Notes. 
		 Changes Not Requiring Approval 
		 The second type of change does not require any vote by the holders of the 2028 Notes. This type is limited to clarifications and certain other changes that would not adversely affect holders of the 2028 Notes in any material respect. 
		 Changes Requiring Majority Approval 
		 Any other change to the 2028 Indenture and the 2028 Notes would require the following approval: 
		 if the change affects only the 2028 Notes, it must be approved by the holders of a majority in principal amount of the 2028 Notes; and 
		 if the change affects more than one series of debt securities issued under the same indenture, it must be approved by the holders of a majority in principal amount of all of the series affected by the change, with all affected series voting together as one class for this purpose. 
		 In each case, the required approval must be given by written consent. 
		 The holders of a majority in principal amount of all of the series of debt securities issued under an indenture, voting together as one class for this purpose, may waive our compliance with some of our covenants in that indenture. However, we cannot obtain a waiver of a payment default or of any of the matters covered by the bullet points included above under Changes Requiring Approval. 
		 Further Details Concerning Voting 
		 When taking a vote, we will use the following rules to decide how much principal to attribute to the 2028 Notes: 
		 The 2028 Notes will not be considered outstanding, and therefore not eligible to vote, if we have deposited or set aside in trust money for their payment or redemption. The 2028 Notes will also not be eligible to vote if they have been fully defeased as described later under Defeasance Full Defeasance. 
		 We will generally be entitled to set any day as a record date for the purpose of determining the holders of the 2028 Notes that are entitled to vote or take other action under the 2028 Indenture. However, the record date may not be earlier than 30 days before the date of the first solicitation of holders to vote on or take such action and not later than the date such solicitation is completed. If we set a record date for a vote or other action to be taken by holders of the 2028 Notes, that vote or action may be taken only by persons who are holders of the 2028 Notes on the record date and must be taken within eleven months following the record date. 
		 Book -entry and other indirect holders should consult their banks or brokers for information on how approval may be granted or denied if we seek to change the 2028 Indenture or the 2028 Notes or request a waiver. 

Satisfaction and Discharge 
		 The 2028 Indenture will be discharged and will cease to be of further effect with respect to the 2028 Notes when: 
		 Either 
		 all the 2028 Notes that have been authenticated have been delivered to the trustee for cancellation; or 
		 all the 2028 Notes that have not been delivered to the trustee for cancellation: 
		 have become due and payable, or 
		 will become due and payable at their stated maturity within one year, or 
		 are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Company, 
		 and we, in the case of the first, second and third sub -bullets above, have irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the trustee as trust funds in trust solely for the benefit of the holders of the 2028 Notes, in amounts in the currency payable for the 2028 Notes as will be sufficient, to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness (including all principal, premium, if any, and interest) on such 2028 Notes delivered to the trustee for cancellation (in the case of 2028 Notes that have become due and payable on or prior to the date of such deposit) or to the stated maturity or redemption date, as the case may be; 
		 we have paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable by us under the 2028 Indenture with respect to the 2028 Notes; and 
		 we have delivered to the trustee an officers certificate and legal opinion, each stating that all conditions precedent provided for in the 2028 Indenture relating to the satisfaction and discharge of the 2028 Indenture and the 2028 Notes have been complied with. 
		 Defeasance 
		 The following defeasance provisions are applicable to the 2028 Notes. Defeasance means that, by depositing with a trustee an amount of cash and/or government securities sufficient to pay all principal and interest, if any, on the 2028 Notes when due and satisfying any additional conditions noted below, we will be deemed to have been discharged from our obligations under the 2028 Notes. In the event of a covenant defeasance, upon depositing such funds and satisfying similar conditions discussed below we would be released from certain covenants under the 2028 Indenture relating to the 2028 Notes. 
		 Covenant Defeasance 
		 Under current U.S. federal tax law and the 2028 Indenture, we can make the deposit described below and be released from some of the restrictive covenants in the 2028 Indenture. This is called covenant defeasance. In that event, a holder would lose the protection of those restrictive covenants but would gain the protection of having money and government securities set aside in trust to repay the holder s 2028 Notes. The consequences to the holders of the 2028 Notes would be that, while they would no longer benefit from certain covenants under the 2028 Indenture, and while the 2028 Notes could not be accelerated for any reason, the holders of the 2028 Notes nonetheless could look to the Company for repayment of the 2028 Notes if there were a shortfall in the funds deposited with the trustee or the trustee is prevented from making a payment. In order to achieve covenant defeasance, the following must occur: 
		 Since the 2028 Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, we must deposit in trust for the benefit of all holders of the 2028 Notes a combination of cash and U.S. government or U.S. government agency 2028 Notes or bonds that will generate enough cash to make interest, principal and any other payments on the 2028 Notes on their various due dates; 

we must deliver to the trustee a legal opinion of our counsel confirming that, under current U.S. federal income tax law, we may make the above deposit without causing the holders to be taxed on the 2028 Notes any differently than if we did not make the deposit; 
		 we must deliver to the trustee a legal opinion of our counsel stating that the above deposit does not require registration by us under the 1940 Act, and a legal opinion and officers certificate stating that all conditions precedent to covenant defeasance have been complied with; 
		 defeasance must not result in a breach or violation of, or result in a default under, the 2028 Indenture or any of our other material agreements or instruments; and 
		 no default or event of default with respect to the 2028 Notes shall have occurred and be continuing and no defaults or events of default related to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization shall occur during the next 90 days. 
		 If we accomplish covenant defeasance, a holder can still look to us for repayment of the 2028 Notes if there were a shortfall in the trust deposit or the trustee is prevented from making payment. In fact, if one of the remaining Events of Default occurred (such as our bankruptcy) and the 2028 Notes became immediately due and payable, there might be a shortfall. Depending on the event causing the default, a holder may not be able to obtain payment of the shortfall. 
		 Full Defeasance 
		 If there is a change in U.S. federal tax law, as described below, we can legally release ourselves from all payment and other obligations on the 2028 Notes (called full defeasance if we put in place the following other arrangements for the holders to be repaid: 
		 Since the 2028 Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, we must deposit in trust for the benefit of all holders of the 2028 Notes a combination of money and U.S. government or U.S. government agency 2028 Notes or bonds that will generate enough cash to make interest, principal and any other payments on the 2028 Notes on their various due dates; 
		 we must deliver to the trustee a legal opinion confirming that there has been a change in current U.S. federal tax law or a U.S. Internal Revenue Service ruling that allows us to make the above deposit without causing a holder to be taxed on the 2028 Notes any differently than if we did not make the deposit. Under current U.S. federal tax law the deposit and our legal release from the 2028 Notes would be treated as though we paid a holder its share of the cash and 2028 Notes or bonds at the time the cash and 2028 Notes or bonds were deposited in trust in exchange for a holder s 2028 Notes and a holder would recognize gain or loss on the 2028 Notes at the time of the deposit; 
		 we must deliver to the trustee a legal opinion of our counsel stating that the above deposit does not require registration by us under the 1940 Act, and a legal opinion and officers certificate stating that all conditions precedent to defeasance have been complied with; 
		 defeasance must not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, of the 2028 Indenture or any of our other material agreements or instruments; and 
		 no default or event of default with respect to the 2028 Notes shall have occurred and be continuing and no defaults or events of default related to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization shall occur during the next 90 days. 
		 If we ever did accomplish full defeasance, as described above, the holders would have to rely solely on the trust deposit for repayment of the 2028 Notes. The holders could not look to us for repayment in the unlikely event of any shortfall. Conversely, the trust deposit would most likely be protected from claims of our lenders and other creditors if we ever became bankrupt or insolvent. 

Other Covenants 
		 In addition to any other covenants described in this exhibit, as well as standard covenants relating to payment of principal and interest, maintaining an office where payments may be made or securities can be surrendered for payment, payment of taxes by the Company and related matters, the following covenants will apply to the 2028 Notes: 
		 We agree that for the period of time during which the 2028 Notes are outstanding, we will not violate (whether or not we are subject thereto) Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by such provisions of Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act as may be applicable to us from time to time or any successor provisions, but giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC. Currently, these provisions generally prohibit us from making additional borrowings, including through the issuance of additional debt securities, unless our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 after such borrowings. 
		 We agree that for the period of time during which the 2028 Notes are outstanding, we will not declare any dividend (except a dividend payable in our stock), or declare any other distribution, upon a class of our capital stock, or purchase any such capital stock, unless, in every such case, at the time of the declaration of any such dividend or distribution, or at the time of any such purchase, we have an asset coverage (as defined in the 1940 Act) of at least the threshold specified in Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by such provisions of Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act as may be applicable to us from time to time or any successor provisions thereto of the 1940 Act, as such obligation may be amended or superseded, after deducting the amount of such dividend, distribution or purchase price, as the case may be, and in each case giving effect to (i) any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC, and (ii) any SEC no -action relief granted by the SEC to another BDC (or to us if we determine to seek such similar no -action or other relief) permitting the BDC to declare any cash dividend or distribution notwithstanding the prohibition contained in Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by such provisions of Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act as may be applicable to us from time to time, as such obligation may be amended or superseded, in order to maintain such BDC s status as a regulated investment company under Subchapter M of the Code. 
		 If, at any time, we are not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act to file any periodic reports with the SEC, we agree to furnish to holders of the 2028 Notes and the Trustee, for the period of time during which the 2028 Notes are outstanding, our audited annual financial statements, within 90 days of our fiscal year end, and unaudited interim financial statements, within 45 days of our fiscal quarter end (other than our fourth fiscal quarter). All such financial statements will be prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with applicable United States generally accepted accounting principles. 
		 Form, Exchange and Transfer of Certificated Registered Securities 
		 If registered 2028 Notes cease to be issued in book -entry form, they will be issued: 
		 only in fully registered certificated form; 
		 without interest coupons; and 
		 unless we indicate otherwise, in denominations of 25 and amounts that are multiples of 25. 
		 Holders may exchange their certificated securities for 2028 Notes of smaller denominations or combined into fewer 2028 Notes of larger denominations, as long as the total principal amount is not changed and as long as the denomination is equal to or greater than 25. 
		 Holders may exchange or transfer their certificated securities at the office of the trustee. We have appointed the trustee to act as our agent for registering 2028 Notes in the names of holders transferring 2028 Notes. We may appoint another entity to perform these functions or perform them ourselves. 
		 Holders will not be required to pay a service charge to transfer or exchange their certificated securities, but they may be required to pay any tax or other governmental charge associated with the transfer or exchange. The transfer or exchange will be made only if our transfer agent is satisfied with the holder s proof of legal ownership. 

We may appoint additional transfer agents or cancel the appointment of any particular transfer agent. We may also approve a change in the office through which any transfer agent acts. 
		 If we redeem less than all the 2028 Notes, we may block the transfer or exchange of those 2028 Notes selected for redemption during the period beginning 15 days before the day we mail the notice of redemption and ending on the day of that mailing, in order to freeze the list of holders to prepare the mailing. We may also refuse to register transfers or exchanges of any certificated 2028 Notes selected for redemption, except that we will continue to permit transfers and exchanges of the unredeemed portion of any 2028 Notes that will be partially redeemed. 
		 If a registered debt security is issued in book -entry form, only the depositary will be entitled to transfer and exchange the debt security as described in this subsection, since it will be the sole holder of the debt security. 
		 Resignation of Trustee 
		 The trustee may resign or be removed with respect to the 2028 Notes provided that a successor trustee is appointed to act with respect to the 2028 Notes. In the event that two or more persons are acting as trustee with respect to different series of indenture securities under the 2028 Indenture, each of the trustees will be a trustee of a trust separate and apart from the trust administered by any other trustee. 
		 Indenture Provisions Ranking 
		 The 2028 Notes are our direct unsecured obligations and rank: 
		 pari passu with, which means equal to, all outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by us, including our 2024 Notes and 2026 Notes (which have an aggregate principal amount of approximately 64,370,225 and 44,790,750, respectively, plus accrued interest, as of December 31, 2022). The 2028 Notes also rank pari passu with, which means equal to, our general liabilities, which consist of trade and other payables, including any outstanding dividend payable, Base Fee and incentive fees payable, interest and debt fees payable, vendor payables and accrued expenses such as auditor fees, legal fees, director fees, etc. 
		 senior to any of our future indebtedness that expressly provides it is subordinated to the 2028 Notes. We currently do not have outstanding debt that is subordinated to the 2028 Notes and do not currently intend to issue indebtedness that expressly provides that it is subordinated to the 2028 Notes. Therefore, the 2028 Notes will not be senior to any indebtedness or obligations. 
		 effectively subordinated to all of our existing and future secured indebtedness (including indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which we subsequently grant security), to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. In any liquidation, dissolution, bankruptcy or other similar proceeding, the holders of any of our existing or future secured indebtedness may assert rights against the assets pledged to secure that indebtedness in order to receive full payment of their indebtedness before the assets may be used to pay other creditors, including the holders of the 2028 Notes, and any assets of our subsidiaries will not be directly available to satisfy the claims of our creditors, including holders of the 2028 Notes. Currently, we do not have any secured indebtedness at the Oxford Square Capital Corp. level. 
		 structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of any of the Company s subsidiaries, CLO vehicles in which we hold an equity interest and financing vehicles since the 2028 Notes are obligations exclusively of Oxford Square Capital Corp. and not of any of our subsidiaries. Structural subordination means that creditors of a parent entity are subordinate to creditors of a subsidiary entity with respect to the subsidiary s assets. 
		 Book-Entry Procedures 
		 The 2028 Notes are represented by global securities that are deposited and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee. This means that, except in limited circumstances, a holder will not receive certificates for the 2028 Notes. Beneficial interests in the 2028 Notes is represented through book -entry accounts of financial institutions acting on behalf of beneficial owners as direct and indirect participants in DTC. Investors may elect to hold interests in the 2028 Notes through either DTC, if they are a participant Direct Participants ), or indirectly through organizations that are participants in DTC Indirect Participants ). 

The 2028 Notes were issued as fully registered securities registered in the name of Cede Co. (DTC s partnership nominee) or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. One fully -registered certificate was issued for each issuance of the 2028 Notes, in the aggregate principal amount of such issue, and was deposited with DTC. Interests in the 2028 Notes will trade in DTC s Same Day Funds Settlement System, and any permitted secondary market trading activity in such 2028 Notes will, therefore, be required by DTC to be settled in immediately available funds. None of the Company, the Trustee or the Paying Agent will have any responsibility for the performance by DTC or its participants or indirect participants of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 
		 Purchases of the 2028 Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive a credit for the 2028 Notes on DTC s records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each security, or the Beneficial Owner, is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participants records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase. Beneficial Owners are, however, expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the 2028 Notes are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Direct and Indirect Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in the 2028 Notes, except in the event that use of the book -entry system for the 2028 Notes is discontinued. 
		 To facilitate subsequent transfers, all 2028 Notes deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered in the name of DTC s partnership nominee, Cede Co. or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. The deposit of the 2028 Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede Co. or such other DTC nominee do not effect any change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the 2028 Notes; DTC s records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts the 2028 Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Direct and Indirect Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
		 Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners is governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
		 Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the 2028 Notes within an issue are being redeemed, DTC s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue to be redeemed. 
		 Redemption proceeds, distributions, and interest payments on the 2028 Notes is made to Cede Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. DTC s practice is to credit Direct Participants accounts upon DTC s receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from us or the Trustee on the payment date in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC s records. Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners is governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in street name, and is the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC nor its nominee, the Trustee, or us, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of redemption proceeds, distributions, and interest payments to Cede Co. (or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC) is the responsibility of us or the Trustee, but disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants. 
		 DTC may discontinue providing its services as securities depository with respect to the 2028 Notes at any time by giving reasonable notice to us or to the Trustee. Under such circumstances, in the event that a successor securities depository is not obtained, certificates are required to be printed and delivered. We may decide to discontinue use of the system of book -entry -only transfers through DTC (or a successor securities depository). In that event, certificates will be printed and delivered to DTC. 
		 The information in this section concerning DTC and DTC s book -entry system has been obtained from sources that we believe to be reliable, but we take no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 

</EX-4.8>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ea149525_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 
		 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
		 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form N -2 (No. 333 -229337 of Oxford Square Capital Corp. of our report dated March 23, 2023 relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10 -K . 
		 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP New York, New York March 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ea149525_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 
		 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
		 I, Jonathan H. Cohen, Chief Executive Officer of Oxford Square Capital Corp., certify that: 
		 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10 -K of Oxford Square Capital Corp.; 
		 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
		 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
		 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a -15 (e) and 15d -15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a -15 (f) and 15d -15 (f)) for the registrant and have: 
		 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
		 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
		 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
		 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
		 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
		 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
		 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated this 23 rd day of March, 2023 

By: 

/s/ Jonathan H. Cohen 

Jonathan H. Cohen Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ea149525_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 
		 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
		 I, Bruce L. Rubin, Chief Financial Officer of Oxford Square Capital Corp., certify that: 
		 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10 -K of Oxford Square Capital Corp.; 
		 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
		 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
		 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a -15 (e) and 15d -15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a -15 (f) and 15d -15 (f)) for the registrant and have: 
		 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
		 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
		 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
		 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
		 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
		 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
		 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated this 23 rd day of March, 2023 

By: 

/s/ Bruce L. Rubin 

Bruce L. Rubin Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ea149525_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 
		 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
		 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10 -K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of Oxford Square Capital Corp. (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Jonathan H. Cohen, the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 
		 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
		 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

/s/ Jonathan H. Cohen 

Name: Jonathan H. Cohen 
						 Date: March 23 , 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ea149525_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 
		 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
		 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10 -K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of Oxford Square Capital Corp. (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Bruce L. Rubin, the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 
		 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
		 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

/s/ Bruce L. Rubin 

Name: Bruce L. Rubin 
						 Date: March 23 , 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 oxsq-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 oxsq-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 oxsq-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 oxsq-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 oxsq-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

