<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1843993_0001213900-23-024907.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4548015</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>287748</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>881978</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1095877</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1121941</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1032865</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024907.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330213625
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024907
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Thunder Bridge Capital Partners IV, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001843993
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40555
		FILM NUMBER:		23782821

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9912 GEORGETOWN PIKE (SUITE D-203)
		CITY:			GREAT FALLS
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22066
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7037592502

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9912 GEORGETOWN PIKE (SUITE D-203)
		CITY:			GREAT FALLS
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22066

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024907.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_thunderbridge4.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and one-fifth of one redeemable warrant THCPU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock for 11.50 per share THCPW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the outstanding shares of the registrant s Class A
common stock, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price
for the Class A common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market, was . 

As of March 30, 2023, there were 
shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share and shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 19 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 21 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 21 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 21 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 21 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 22 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 23 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 23 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 28 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 28 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 29 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 29 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 30 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 30 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 31 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 38 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 38 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 40 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 41 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 42 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 42 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Report (as defined below),
including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act (as defined below)
and Section 21E of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking
terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, 
 plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, 
or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that
actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating
to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current
or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due
to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our ability to complete our initial business combination (as defined
below), including the Coincheck Business Combination (as defined below); 

our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time
 to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as
 a result of which they would then receive 
 expense reimbursements; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

the potential incentive to consummate an initial business combination with an acquisition target that subsequently declines in value or is unprofitable for public investors due to the low initial price for the founder shares paid by our sponsor, certain members of our team as well as institutional and professional accredited investors pursuant to forward purchase arrangements; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to uncertainty resulting from the recent COVID-19 global pandemic; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; 

our financial performance following our initial public offering; or 

the other risks and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors below. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments
affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some
of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any
of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements.
We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

ii 

Unless otherwise stated in this Report, or the
context otherwise requires, references to: 

ASC are to the FASB (as defined below) Accounting Standards Codification; 

ASC 480 are to Accounting Standards Codification 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity; 

ASC 815 are to Accounting Standards Codification 815 Derivatives and Hedging; 

board of directors, board or directors 
 are to the board of directors of the Company (as defined below); 

business combination are to a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; 

Business Combination Agreement are
 to the business combination agreement by and among the Company, PubCo (as defined below), HoldCo (as defined below), Merger Sub (as defined
 below), and Coincheck (as defined below); 

Certifying Officers are to our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer; 

Class A common stock are to the
 shares of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B common stock are to the shares of Class B common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Coincheck are to Coincheck, Inc., a Japanese joint stock company; 

Coincheck Business Combination are to the business combination entered into pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement; 

Coincheck Registration Statement are to a registration statement on Form F-4 to be filed by PubCo (as defined below) relating to the Coincheck Business Combination and containing a proxy statement of the Company; 

Combination Period are to the 24-month period, from the closing of the initial public offering (as defined below) to July 2, 2023, that the Company has to consummate an initial business combination; 

common stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock; 

Company , our company , we or us are to Thunder Bridge Capital Partners IV, Inc., a company incorporated in Delaware; 

Continental are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account and warrant agent of our public warrants (as defined below); 

DGCL are to the Delaware General Corporation Law; 

DWAC System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; 

Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

iii 

FASB are to the Financial Accounting Standards Board; 

founder shares are to the shares of Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor (as defined below) in the private placement (as defined below) and share capitalization prior to our initial public offering and which are currently held by our sponsor and our independent directors (which shares may be transferred to permitted transferees from time to time) and the Class A common stock that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B common stock at the time of our initial business combination as described herein (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A common stock will not be public shares (as defined below)); GAAP are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; GT are to , our independent registered public accounting firm; HoldCo are to M1 Co G.K., a Japanese limited liability company; IFRS are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; initial public offering or IPO are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on July 2, 2021; 

initial stockholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering (or their permitted transferees); 

Investment Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

IPO Registration Statement are to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 initially filed with the SEC (as defined below) on March 12, 2021, as amended, and declared effective on June 29, 2021 (File No. 333-254359); 

JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

JSOV are to JAM Special Opportunity Ventures, our special advisor, an affiliate of Jacobs Asset Management; 

management or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

Merger Sub are to Coincheck Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Capital Market; 

Over-Allotment Units are to the additional 1,152,784 units purchased by the Underwriters exercising the over-allotment option in part on August 9, 2021; 

PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); 

placement shares are to the shares of our Class A common stock included within the placement units (as defined below) purchased by our sponsor in the private placement; 

placement units are to the units purchased by our sponsor in the private placement, each placement unit consisting of one placement share and one fifth of one placement warrant (as defined below); 

placement warrants are to the warrants included within the placement units purchased by our sponsor in the private placement; 

private placement are to the private placement of 648,055 placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit, which occurred simultaneously with the completion of our initial public offering; 

iv 

Promissory Note or Note are to the promissory note with respect to the Working Capital Loan (as defined below) the sponsor made to us on March 25, 2022 to loan us funds up to 1,500,000; 

PubCo are to Coincheck Group B.V., a Dutch private limited liability company; 

public shares are to the shares of Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder s and member of our management team s status as a public stockholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public warrants are to the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

Report are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

SPACs are to special purpose acquisition companies; 

sponsor are to TBCP IV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Sponsor Earn Out Shares are to the aggregate of 2,365,278 PubCo Ordinary Shares, the sponsor will deliver to the escrow agent at the closing that the sponsor would otherwise receive as consideration in the Coincheck Business Combination; 

Sponsor Support Agreement are to the Sponsor Support Agreement we entered into with the sponsor, Gary A. Simanson, as managing member of the sponsor, PubCo, Coincheck and Monex, pursuant to which, among other things, the sponsor will agree to vote any of the shares of our common stock held by it in favor of the Coincheck Business Combination and not to redeem any such shares at the special meeting of stockholders to be held in connection with the Coincheck Business Combination, in connection with the Coincheck Business Combination Agreement; 

trust account are to the U.S.-based trust account in which an amount of 236,527,840 from the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the initial public offering and the placement units was placed following the closing of the initial public offering; 

units are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one public share and one-fifth of one public warrant; 

warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the placement warrants to the extent they are no longer held by the initial purchasers of the placement units or their permitted transferees; and 

Working Capital Loans are to funds that, in order to provide working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the initial stockholders or an affiliate of the initial stockholders or certain of the Company s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company. 

v 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

General 

We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Delaware corporation on January 7, 2021, for the purpose of effecting a business combination. We have generated no operating
revenues to date and will not generate operating revenues until we consummate our initial business combination. 

Initial Public Offering 

On July 2, 2021, we consummated
our initial public offering of 22,500,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, and one fifth of one redeemable
warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per whole share. The units were
sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 225,000,000. Simultaneously with the initial public offering,
the sponsor purchased an aggregate of 625,000 placement units at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 6,250,000. 

A total of 225,000,000 of
the net proceeds from our initial public offering and the private placement were deposited in the trust account. 

On August 9, 2021, the underwriters
exercised the over-allotment option in part and purchased an additional 1,152,784 units, generating gross proceeds of 11,527,840
and consummated a sale of an additional 23,055 placement units to the sponsor at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross
proceeds of 230,550. Following the closing, an additional 11,527,840 of proceeds was placed in the trust account. In connection with
the partial exercise of the over-allotment option and the expiration of the over-allotment option, 555,554 shares of Class B common stock
were forfeited for no consideration. 

The Coincheck Business Combination 

On March 22, 2022, the Company
entered into the Coincheck Business Combination Agreement. If the Coincheck Business Combination Agreement is approved by the Company s
stockholders, and the transactions contemplated by the Coincheck Business Combination Agreement are consummated, (1) Coincheck equityholders
will conduct a share exchange pursuant to which they will receive shares of PubCo and Coincheck will become a wholly owned subsidiary
of PubCo and (2) the Company will merge with and into a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo, with the Company continuing as the surviving
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo , with Company stockholders and warrantholders receiving identical numbers of securities
of PubCo. Capitalized terms not defined but otherwise used in the following description have the meanings ascribed to them in the Coincheck
Business Combination Agreement. 

As consideration for
the Coincheck Business Combination, Coincheck equityholders will receive approximately 1.25 billion in PubCo securities, valued at 10.00
per ordinary share, as well as the contingent right to receive up to 50 million PubCo ordinary shares as an earn out, with 25 million
ordinary shares to be awarded if within 5 years the closing price of PubCo ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.50 for 20 out of 30 consecutive
trading days, and 25 million ordinary shares to be issued if within 5 years the closing price of PubCo ordinary shares equals or exceeds
 15.00 for 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days. In addition, at the Closing, the sponsor will deliver to the escrow agent an aggregate
of 2,365,278 Sponsor Earn Out Shares. The Sponsor Earn Out Shares will be subject to the same milestones as the Coincheck equityholder
earn out. In the event such milestones are not met within five years of the Closing, the Sponsor Earn Out Shares will be automatically
released to PubCo for repurchase for no consideration. 

In connection with the Closing,
(i) each share of our common stock that is held by the sponsor will be converted into one PubCo Ordinary Share and (ii) each share of
our Common Stock that is outstanding and has not been redeemed will be converted into a one PubCo Ordinary Share. Each outstanding warrant
to purchase our Common Stock will become a warrant to purchase PubCo Ordinary Shares, with each such warrant exercisable for the number
of PubCo Ordinary Shares the holder of our warrant would have received in the Coincheck Business Combination if it exercised our warrant
immediately prior to the Coincheck Business Combination. 

1 

Conditions to Closing 

The Closing is subject to
certain customary conditions, including, among other things, (i) approval by our stockholders of the Coincheck Business Combination
Agreement, (ii) the effectiveness of the Coincheck Registration Statement and (iii) the approval for listing on Nasdaq of the PubCo
Ordinary Shares to be issued in the Coincheck Business Combination. In addition, the Closing is subject to the condition that the Company
has at least 5,000,001 of net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) under the Exchange Act. Coincheck s
obligations under the Coincheck Business Combination Agreement are also subject to a minimum cash consideration at Closing of 100,000,000,
after giving effect to any outside financing and our stockholder redemptions. 

The foregoing description
of the Coincheck Business Combination Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions
of the Coincheck Business Combination Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.
Other than as specifically discussed, this Report does not assume the closing of the Coincheck Business Combination. 

Sponsor Support Agreement 

In connection with the Coincheck
Business Combination Agreement, we also entered into the Sponsor Support Agreement with the sponsor, Gary A. Simanson, as managing member
of the sponsor, PubCo, Coincheck and Monex, pursuant to which, among other things, the sponsor will agree to vote any of the shares of
our common stock held by it in favor of the Coincheck Business Combination and not to redeem any such shares at the special meeting of
stockholders to be held in connection with the Coincheck Business Combination. 

In addition, the sponsor agreed
not to transfer any of its PubCo Ordinary Shares for a period of 365 days, subject to early release as follows: (i) one-third of its PubCo
Ordinary Shares following the Closing, if the last reported sale price of PubCo Ordinary Shares exceeds 15.00 per share for 20 out of
any 30 consecutive trading days; (ii) one-third of its PubCo Ordinary Shares following the Closing, if the last reported sale price of
PubCo Ordinary Shares exceeds 17.50 per share for 20 out of any 30 consecutive trading days; and (iii) one-third of its PubCo Ordinary
Shares following the Closing, if the last reported sale price of PubCo Ordinary Shares exceeds 20.00 per share for 20 out of any 30 consecutive
trading days. 

The foregoing description
of the Sponsor Support Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Sponsor
Support Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.10 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Objective and Business Opportunity 

Since our initial public offering
in July 2021, we have concentrated our efforts in identifying businesses in the financial services industry, including asset and wealth
management, lending and leasing, and businesses providing financial technological services to, or operating in, the financial services
industry. We have placed a particular emphasis on businesses that provide data processing, storage and transmission services, data bases
and payment services, fraud detection, data analysis or verification, client or customer interface, or have adopted operations in the
financial services industry that are more technologically driven than the operational platforms of the legacy operators (collectively
 FinTech ). We are not, however, required to complete our initial business combination with a financial services or financial
technology business and, as a result, we may pursue a business combination outside of that industry. We are seeking to acquire established
businesses that we believe are fundamentally sound but potentially in need of financial, operational, strategic or managerial enhancement
or redirection to maximize value. We do not intend to acquire start-up or other early-stage companies, companies with speculative business
plans or companies that are excessively leveraged. 

We believe our management
team and senior special advisor have the skills and experience to identify, evaluate and consummate a business combination and is positioned
to assist businesses we acquire. However, our management team and senior special advisor s network and investing and operating experience
do not guarantee a successful initial business combination. The members of our management team and senior special advisor are not required
to devote any significant amount of time to our business and are concurrently involved with other businesses. There is no guarantee that
our current officers and directors will continue in their respective roles, or in any other role, after our initial business combination,
and their expertise may only be of benefit to us until our initial business combination is completed. 

2 

Furthermore, our sponsor,
management team, and their affiliates have a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships developed through extensive experience
sourcing, acquiring, growing, financing and selling businesses; maintaining dialogues with sellers, capital providers and target management
teams; and executing transactions under varying economic and financial conditions. 

We believe that these networks
of contacts and relationships have provided us with an important source of investment opportunities. In addition, target business candidates
have been brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups,
investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. We have not participated in the auction processes
for prospective target companies. 

Business Strategy 

We seek to capitalize on the
significant financial services, asset and fund management, financial technology and banking experience, private and public equity experience,
and contacts of (i) our management team, including Gary Simanson, our President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director, William Houlihan,
our Chief Financial Officer, David E. Mangum, a Director, Mary Ann Gillespie, a Director, Robert Hartheimer, a Director, Stewart
Paperin, a Director, Allerd Derk Stikker, a Director, (ii) Pete Kight, our senior special advisor and (iii) JSOV, our special advisor,
to identify, evaluate, acquire and operate a target business. If we elect to pursue an investment outside of the financial services or
FinTech industry, our management s expertise related to that industry may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation,
and the information contained in this Report regarding that industry might not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we
elect to acquire. Members of our management team, senior special advisor and special advisor have extensive experience in the financial
services industry, the financial technology industry, the asset and wealth management industry, as well as extensive experience in operating
financial services companies in a public company environment and a private company environment, serving on both public and private company
boards of directors, including financial institutions and FinTech companies, strong knowledge and experience in financial, legal and regulatory
matters, initial public offerings, private equity and venture capital, as well as mergers and acquisitions in the financial services industry. 

We believe that potential
sellers of target businesses view the fact that members of our management team and our senior special advisor have successfully closed
business combinations with vehicles similar to our company as a positive factor in considering whether or not to enter into a business
combination with us. However, with respect to the foregoing examples, past performance of our management team, senior special advisor,
and special advisor is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that
we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical performance
record of our management team, senior special advisor, and special advisor as indicative of our future performance. Our executive officers
and directors may have conflicts of interest with other entities to which they owe fiduciary or contractual obligations with respect to
initial business combination opportunities. Additionally, in the course of their respective careers, members of our management team, senior
special advisor, and special advisor have been involved in businesses and deals that were unsuccessful. 

Our officers are not obligated
to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they deem necessary, in the exercise of
their respective business judgement, to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they
devote in any time period varies based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage
of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not have an employment agreement with any of our officers. 

We identified the following
criteria that we have used and intend to continue to use in evaluating business combination opportunities, including the Coincheck Business
Combination. We expect that no individual criterion will entirely determine a decision to pursue a particular opportunity. Any particular
business combination opportunity which we ultimately determine to pursue may meet some but not all of these criteria: 

History of free cash flow generation . We seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that have a history of, or potential for, strong, stable free cash flow generation, with predictable and recurring revenue streams. 

Revenues and Enterprise Value . We seek to acquire one or more businesses with annual revenues of approximately 150 million to 1.5 billion and an enterprise value of approximately 500 million to 3.0 billion. 

3 

Strong management team . We seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that have strong, experienced management teams or those that provide a platform for us to assemble an effective and experienced management team. We focus on management teams with a proven track record of driving revenue growth, enhancing profitability and creating value for their stockholders. 

Opportunities for add-on acquisitions . We seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that we can grow both organically and through acquisitions. In addition, we believe that our ability to source proprietary opportunities and execute transactions will help the business we acquire grow through acquisition, and thus serve as a platform for further add-on acquisitions. 

Spin-offs/divestitures of non-core businesses or assets from larger companies . We focus on one or more businesses or assets that are part of larger companies where the owners seek to divest or spin-off such businesses in order to free up capital to focus on core activities. 

Defensible business niche . We seek to acquire on one or more businesses or assets that have a leading or niche market position and that demonstrate advantages when compared to their competitors, which may help to create barriers to entry against new competitors. We anticipate that these barriers to entry will enhance the ability of these businesses or assets to generate strong profitability and free cash flow. 

Diversified customer and supplier base . We seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that have a diversified customer and supplier base, which are generally better able to endure economic downturns, industry consolidation, changing business preferences and other factors that may negatively impact their customers, suppliers and competitors. 

Competitive Strengths 

We believe we have the following
competitive strengths: 

Management Operating and Investing Experience . Our directors and executive officers have significant executive, investment and operational experience in the financial services and financial technology industries. Although in the course of their careers they have been involved in some unsuccessful businesses and deals, we believe that this breadth of experience provides us with a competitive advantage in evaluating businesses and acquisition opportunities in our target industry. 

Established Deal Sourcing Network. As a result of their extensive experience in the financial services industry as well as their other corporate relationships, our management team members have developed a broad array of contacts in the industry. We believe that these contacts are important in generating acquisition opportunities for us. 

Strong Financial Position and Flexibility . With a trust account currently (as of December 31, 2022) in the amount of approximately 239.77 million and a public market for our common stock, we offer a target business a variety of options to facilitate a future business combination and fund the growth and expansion of business operations. Because we are able to consummate an initial business combination using our capital stock, debt, cash or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to design an acquisition structure to address the needs of the parties. We have not, however, taken any steps to secure third party financing and would only do so simultaneously with the consummation of our initial business combination. Accordingly, our flexibility in structuring an initial business combination may be constrained by our ability to arrange third-party financing, if required. 

Status as a Public Company . We believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to prospective target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock. Once public, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. We believe that being a public company can also augment a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid it in attracting and retaining talented employees. 

4 

Our Investment Process 

In evaluating prospective
business combinations, we conduct a thorough due diligence review process that encompasses, among other things, a review of historical
and projected financial and operating data, meetings with management team and advisors (if applicable), on-site inspection of facilities
and assets, discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other reviews as we deem appropriate. We also utilize the expertise
of our management team in public security valuation, analyzing financial services companies and evaluating operating projections, financial
projections and determining the appropriate return expectations given the risk profile of the target business. 

Following the announcement
of our initial business combination, we intend to evaluate opportunities to enhance stockholder value. In doing so, the management team
anticipates evaluating corporate governance, opportunistically accessing capital markets, procuring publicly accessible investor research
on the business combination and other opportunities to enhance liquidity, identifying acquisition and divestiture opportunities, and properly
aligning management and board incentives with the appropriate metrics that public company investors use to track stockholder value growth. 

Sourcing of Potential Business Combination
Targets 

We believe that the operational
and transactional experience of our management team, senior special advisor and special advisor and their respective affiliates, and the
relationships they have developed as a result of such experience, provides us with a substantial number of potential business combination
targets. These individuals and entities have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This
network has grown through sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses, relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management
teams and experience in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. We believe that these networks
of contacts and relationships provide us important sources of investment opportunities. In addition, target business candidates have been
brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large business
enterprises seeking to divest noncore assets or divisions. 

Our acquisition criteria,
due diligence processes and value creation methods are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular
initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors
and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a
target business that meets some but not all of the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business meets some
but not all of the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial business combination, which would be in the
form of tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials that we would file with the SEC, such as the Coincheck Registration Statement. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, or making the acquisition
through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. While Coincheck is not affiliated
with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, in the event we do not consummate the Coincheck Business Combination and we seek to
complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee
of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly
renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm, that such an initial
business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other
context. 

Unless we complete our initial
business combination with an affiliated entity, or our board of directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the
target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, another independent
firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or from an independent accounting firm
that the price we are paying for a target is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders
will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted
by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable,
related to our initial business combination, such as the Coincheck Registration Statement. 

5 

If any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she
has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such
entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware law. All
of our officers currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to
us. 

Other Acquisition Considerations 

Members of our management
team directly and indirectly own our common stock and/or placement units, and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining
whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each
of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention
or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our
initial business combination. 

Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that
we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held
in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at
the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the
determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we
consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our
initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target
or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant to
Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. Based on the valuation analysis
of our management and board of directors, we have determined that the fair market value of Coincheck was substantially in excess of 80 
of the funds in the trust account and that the 80 test was therefore satisfied. 

We anticipate structuring
our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders
own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way
so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order
to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete an initial
business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target,
our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company,
depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we
would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our
stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent
to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned
or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be
taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. If the initial business combination involves more than one
target business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the
target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as
applicable. 

6 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure makes
us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target business an alternative to
the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following an initial business combination,
we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better
aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A target business can further benefit by augmenting its
profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In a business combination transaction with
us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares of Class A
common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our shares of Class A common stock and cash, allowing us
to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. 

Although there are various
costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and
cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process
takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses
in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road show efforts that may not
be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. 

Furthermore, once a proposed
initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering
is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay
or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business combination, we believe
the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with
stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further
benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our
structure and our management team s backgrounds make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view
our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed
initial business combination, negatively. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to
take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting
firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive
compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities
less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more
volatile. 

In addition, Section 107
of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following July 2, 2026, (b) in which we have
total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which
means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior
June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities
during the prior three-year period. 

Financial Position 

With funds available for
a business combination in the amount of 231,491,571 as of December 31, 2022, after reducing the balance for income taxes payable, and
assuming no redemptions, and after payment of 8,278,474 of deferred underwriting fees and before fees and expenses associated with our
initial business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing
capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because
we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing,
we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target
business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance
it will be available to us. 

7 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

We are not presently engaged
in, and we will not engage in, any operations until we consummate our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial
business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the placement units, the
proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to backstop agreements we may enter into),
shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing.
We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination
is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration
in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance
of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations
of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business
combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We may seek to raise additional
funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and
we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust
account. In addition, we may target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the
sale of the placement units, and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination.
Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we will complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our
initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our
proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only
if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately,
or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding
with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business
Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that
we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held
in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at
the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial
business combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial
community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation
based on the financial metrics of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we
consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our
initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target
or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase
multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management
will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will
not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

8 

In any case, we will only
complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or
otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses,
the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken into
account for purposes of the Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. 

To the extent we effect our
initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks
inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

In evaluating a prospective
business target, we conduct a thorough due diligence review, which encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management
and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and
other information that are made available to us. 

Any costs incurred with respect
to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed
will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of
time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance
of a single business, like Coincheck. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities
in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of
being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s
Management Team 

Although we closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target
business, including the management team of Coincheck, when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with
that business and plan to continue to do so if the Coincheck Business Combination is not consummated and we seek other business combination
opportunities, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management
may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of
our management team and senior special advisor, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it
is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination,
including the Coincheck Business Combination in which Gary Simanson will serve as CEO of the Holding Company post-Closing, it is unlikely
that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, there can be
no assurances that members of our management team and senior special advisor will have significant experience or knowledge relating to
the operations of the particular target business. 

There can be no assurances
that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to
whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following a business combination,
we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. There can be no assurances that
we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that such additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or
experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

9 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve
Our Initial Business Combination 

We may conduct redemptions
without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, subject to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule (as is the case
with the Coincheck Business Combination as currently contemplated), or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other
legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and
whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 
 Whether 
Stockholder 
Approval is 
Required 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target 
 
 Yes 

Under Nasdaq s listing
rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding; 

any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common stock or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

Permitted Purchases of our Securities 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants
in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination.
There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions,
subject to compliance with applicable law and the Nasdaq rules. However, other than as described in this report, they have no current
commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions.
If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information
not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate
that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction
subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases
that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant
to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None
of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of
our initial business combination. 

The purpose of any such purchases
of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder
approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have
a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement
would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding
or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination.
Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been
possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A common stock or warrants
may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain
the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

10 

Our sponsor, officers, directors
and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates
may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted
by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor,
officers, directors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders
who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business
combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination. Our sponsor,
officers, directors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and
the other federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by our sponsor,
officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only
be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for
manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements
that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their
affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the
Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such
purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders Upon Completion of our
Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us
to pay our taxes or for working capital purposes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations
described herein. The amount in the trust account as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 10.12 per public share. The per-share amount
we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will
pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have
agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and placement shares and any public shares held by them in
connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial
business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) by
means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement.
Under the Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with
our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure an initial business combination
with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder
vote to approve the proposed initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the Nasdaq, we will be
required to comply with such rules. 

If a stockholder vote is not
required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

11 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement
of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to
purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to
comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a)
under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer
period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public
shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we will only redeem our public shares
so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation
of our initial business combination and after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating
to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the
tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

If, however, stockholder approval
of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business
or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek
stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our
public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval,
we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor
of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of
outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the
company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant to the letter agreement,
our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and placement shares and any public shares they own in favor
of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted,
non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition
to our initial stockholders founder shares and placement shares, we would need only 6,561,251, or 27.7 , of the 23,652,784 public
shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination (assuming all outstanding shares are
voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days
nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial
business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely
that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of
whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be
at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of the deferred
underwriting commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset
or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed initial
business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred
to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions
in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required
to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash
conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we
will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption
will be returned to the holders thereof. 

12 

Limitation on Redemption Upon Completion of Our Initial Business
Combination if We Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an
aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering (the Excess Shares ). Such restriction shall also be applicable
to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts
by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed initial business combination as a means to
force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable
terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering
could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium
to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than
15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group
of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection
with an initial business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares)
for or against our initial business combination. 

Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection
with Redemption Rights 

We may require our public
stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial
business combination, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the DWAC System, at the holder s option.
The proxy materials that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate
whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial
holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have up to two days prior to
the vote on the initial business combination to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively
short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated
with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The
transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 100.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on
to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption
rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of
when such delivery must be effectuated. 

Any request to redeem such
shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date of the stockholder meeting. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share
delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not
to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically).
It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed
promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination
is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be
entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates
delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed initial
business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target through
the end of the Combination Period. 

13 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
if No Initial Business Combination 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we have only until the end of the Combination Period to complete our initial business combination. If we
are unable to complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders
and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under
Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the
end of the Combination Period. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from
the trust account with respect to any founder shares and placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination
by the end of the Combination Period. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after our initial public
offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete
our initial business combination. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business
combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination
Period or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval
of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes or for working capital purposes
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption)
our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination
and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock 
rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy
the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public
shares at such time. 

We expect that all costs and
expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts held
outside the trust account 32,022 as of December 31, 2022), although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such
purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any tax obligations we may
owe. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution,
to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes on interest income earned on the trust
account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those
costs and expenses. 

14 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public
offering and the sale of the placement units, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, the per-share redemption amount
received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.12 (based on the trust account balance as of December 31, 2022,
net of income taxes payable). The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors
which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption
amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.12 (based on the trust account balance as of December 31, 2022,
net of income taxes payable). Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to
be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be
paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts,
if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we have sought and
will continue to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities
with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held
in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even
if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited
to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability
of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the
trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management
will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed
a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.
Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party
consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants
that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. 

In addition, there is no guarantee
that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business
with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce
the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective
target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable)
nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have
we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s
only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations.
None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective
target businesses. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the
amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you
that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. 

We seek to reduce the possibility
that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers
(other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with
us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable
as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. We may access amounts held outside the trust account 32,022 as of December 31, 2022) to pay any such potential
claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately
 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient,
stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

15 

If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may
be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To
the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.12 per share to our public
stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential
transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received
by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may
have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the
trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public stockholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business
combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination prior to the end of the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to
complete our business combination prior to the end of the Combination Period, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will
a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the initial business combination alone will not
result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must
have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering that apply to us until the completion
of our initial business combination. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things,
that: 

If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

Although we do not intend to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

16 

If a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on the Nasdaq, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above; 

So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the Nasdaq, Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination; 

If our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination prior to the end of the Combination Period or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes or for working capital purposes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares; and 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible
assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment
of underwriters fees and commissions. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we have encountered and may continue to encounter intense competition
from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged
buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive
experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess
greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses is limited by our available
financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of a target business.
Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the
resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially
represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage
in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Indemnity 

Our sponsor has agreed that
it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective
target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination
agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual
amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share
due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a
third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether
or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such
indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations
and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would
be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without
limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

17 

Employees 

We currently have two officers.
These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they
deem necessary, in the exercise of their respective business judgement, to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination.
The amount of time they devote in any time period varies based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business
combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior
to the completion of our initial business combination. We do not have an employment agreement with any member of our management team. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We have registered our units,
Class A common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual,
quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports, including this
Report, contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide stockholders
with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents
sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business, including the Coincheck Registration Statement. In all likelihood,
these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances,
and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement
requirements may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable
to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial
business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a
potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target
business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these
requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business
combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We are required to evaluate
our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in
the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company,
will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve
compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. We have
filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the
Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention
of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation
of our initial business combination. 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section
2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including,
but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the
requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market
for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of
the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

18 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following July 2, 2026, (b) in which we have
total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which
means the market value of our shares of Class A common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of
the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt
during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced
disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller
reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds
 250 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) our annual revenues exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal year or
the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

As a smaller reporting company
under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of
material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

we are a blank check company and an early stage company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 

we may not be able to select an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed time frame, including the Coincheck Business Combination; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses, such as Coincheck, may not be realized; 

we may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

we may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, including the Coincheck Business Combination, or reduce the number of stockholders requesting redemption; 

we may issue our shares to investors in connection
 with our initial business combination at a 
 price that is less than the prevailing market
 price of our shares at that time; 

our stockholders may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

trust account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

an active market for our public securities may not develop and our stockholders will have limited liquidity and trading; 

the availability to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the initial business combination; 

our financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established record of revenue, cash flows and experienced management; 

19 

there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination, which could increase the costs associated with completing our initial business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target; 

changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination; 

if we do not consummate the Coincheck Business Combination, we may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability; 

we may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial public offering, which may include acting as a financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the trust account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the initial public offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination; 

we may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company, like Coincheck, about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; 

our warrants are accounted for as derivative liabilities and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

since our initial stockholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any public shares they may acquire during or after our initial public offering), and because our sponsor, officers and directors may profit substantially even under circumstances in which our public stockholders would experience losses in connection with their investment, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination; 

changes in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations; 

the value of the founder shares following completion of our initial
business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price of our common
stock at such time is substantially less than 10.12 per share; 

resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not
completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have
not completed our initial business combination within the Combination Period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.12
per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless; 

in March 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating
 to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to
 undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete our initial business combination and
 may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination. The need for compliance with such proposals
 may cause us to liquidate the funds in the trust account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose; 

if we are deemed to be an investment company for
 purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would
 be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed
 an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead liquidate the Company; 

20 

to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to
 be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we expect that we will, on or prior to the 24-month anniversary of
 the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement, instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the trust account
 and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in an interest bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation
 of our initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the trust account,
 we would likely receive less interest on the funds held in the trust account, which would likely reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders
 would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company; 

recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

military conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

a 1 U.S. federal excise tax may be imposed
on us in connection with our redemptions of shares in connection with a business combination or other stockholder vote pursuant to which
stockholders would have a right to submit their shares for redemption; 

we may not be able to complete an initial business combination with
certain potential target companies if a proposed transaction with the target company may be subject to review or approval by regulatory
authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations, including the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States;
and 

there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Adverse developments affecting the financial
services industry, including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions, could adversely
affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, or our prospects. 

The funds in our operating
account and our trust account are held in banks or other financial institutions. Our cash held in non-interest bearing and interest-bearing
accounts would exceed any applicable Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limits. Should events, including
limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments occur with respect to the banks or other financial institutions
that hold our funds, or that affect financial institutions or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any
events of these kinds or other similar risks, our liquidity may be adversely affected. For example, on March 10, 2023, the FDIC announced
that Silicon Valley Bank had been closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation. Although we did not have
any funds in Silicon Valley Bank or other institutions that have been closed, we cannot guarantee that the banks or other financial institutions
that hold our funds will not experience similar issues. 

In addition, investor concerns
regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest
rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby
making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on terms favorable to us in connection with a potential business combination, or
at all, and could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity, our business, financial condition or results of operations, and our
prospects. Our business may be adversely impacted by these developments in ways that we cannot predict at this time, there may be additional
risks that we have not yet identified, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to avoid negative consequences directly or indirectly
from any failure of one or more banks or other financial institutions. 

For the complete list of risks
relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in (i) the IPO Registration Statement, (ii) our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on March 30, 2022, and (iii) our Quarterly Reports
on From 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, as filed with the SEC on May 16, 2022,
July 27, 2022 and November 14, 2022, respectively. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our
results of operations or financial condition. Additional risks could arise that may also affect our business or ability to consummate
an initial business combination. We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in
our future filings with the SEC. 

For risks related to
Coincheck and the Coincheck Business Combination, please see the Coincheck Registration Statement once filed. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our executive offices are
located at 9912 Georgetown Pike, Suite D203, Great Falls, Virginia 22066 and our telephone number is (202) 431-0507. Such facility is
provided by First Capital Group, LLC (an affiliate of our sponsor) for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services
for a monthly charge of 10,000. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

To the knowledge of our management,
there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against
any of our property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

21 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) 
 Market Information 

Our units, public shares and
public warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols THCPU, THCP and THCPW ,
respectively. Our units commenced public trading on July 2, 2021, and our public shares and public warrants commenced separate public
trading on August 20, 2021. 

(b) 
 Holders 

On March 30, 2023, there
were 2 holders of record of our units, 1 holder of record of our Class A common stock, and 1 holder of record of our warrants. 

(c) 
 Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our
initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any
indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

(f) 
 
 Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public
Offering 
 
 For a description of the use of proceeds generated in our initial public
offering and private placement, see Part II, Item 2 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2021,
filed with the SEC on August 16, 2021. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the initial public offering
and private placement as described in the final prospectus related to the initial public offering, dated June 29, 2021. Our specific investments
in our trust account may change from time to time. 

(g) 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

22 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All statements other than
statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements in this section regarding our financial
position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward- looking statements. When used
in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend 
and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements
are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. Actual
results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our
filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are
qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial
business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the placement units, the
proceeds of the sale of our securities in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to backstop agreements we may enter
into), our shares, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

The issuance of additional
shares in connection with an initial business combination to the owners of the target or other investors: 

may significantly dilute the
equity interest of our common stockholders, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common
stock resulted in the issuance of shares of our Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of
the Class B common stock; 

may subordinate the rights of
holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could cause a change in control
if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating
loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying
or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us;
and 

may adversely affect prevailing
market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants. 

23 

Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise
incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or the owners of a target, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and 

other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

As indicated in the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report, we had 32,022 held outside the trust account that is available to
us to fund our working capital requirements and 239,770,045 held inside the trust account as of December 31, 2022. 

On March
22, 2022, we entered into the Coincheck Business Combination Agreement. If the Coincheck Business Combination Agreement is approved by
our stockholders, and the Coincheck Business Combination is consummated, (1) Coincheck equityholders will conduct a share exchange pursuant
to which they will receive shares of PubCo and Coincheck will become a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo and (2) we will merge with and
into a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo, with our Company continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo
, with our stockholders and warrantholders receiving identical numbers of securities of PubCo. 

For a full
description of the Coincheck Merger Agreement and the proposed Coincheck Business Combination, please see Item 1. Business. 

Results of Operations 

For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, we had net income of 3,758,497 and a loss from operations of 2,545,069, and had a net loss of 165,906 and a loss
from operations of 905,815, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a provision for income tax of 308,439. Our entire
activity from inception to July 2, 2021 was in preparation for our initial public offering. Since the consummation of our initial public
offering through December 31, 2022, our activity has been limited to the evaluation of potential initial business combination candidates,
and we will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial business combination. We are incurring
increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well
as for due diligence expenses. 

24 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern 

Prior
to the consummation of our initial public offering, our only sources of liquidity were an initial purchase of founder shares for 25,000
by the sponsor, and a total of 105,000 of loans and advances by the sponsor. 

On
July 2, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering in which we sold 22,500,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit generating gross
proceeds of 225,000,000 before underwriting fees and expenses. Simultaneously with the consummation of our initial public offering,
we consummated the private placement of 625,000 placement units, generating gross proceeds, before expenses, of 6,250,000. Each placement
unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one fifth of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to
purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per whole share. 

On
August 9, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in part and purchased an additional 1,152,784 units, generating
gross proceeds of 11,527,840 and consummated a sale of an additional 23,055 placement units to the sponsor at a price of 10.00 per
unit, generating gross proceeds of 230,550. Following the closing, an additional 11,527,840 of proceeds was placed in the trust account.
In connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option and the expiration of the over-allotment option, 555,554 shares
of Class B common stock were forfeited for no consideration. 

In
connection with our initial public offering and the exercise of the over-allotment option, we incurred offering costs of 12,793,700
(including an underwriting fee of 4,730,557 and deferred underwriting commissions of 8,278,474). Other incurred offering costs consisted
principally of formation and preparation fees related to our initial public offering. A total of 236,527,840, comprised of 231,797,283
of the proceeds from the initial public offering and the underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option and 4,730,557 of the proceeds
of the private placement, was placed in the trust account, established for the benefit of our public stockholders. Prior to the closing
of our initial public offering, the sponsor had made 100,000 in loans and advances to us. The loans and advances were non-interest bearing
and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the completion of our initial public offering. The loans of 105,000 were fully repaid
upon the consummation of our initial public offering on July 2, 2021. 

On March 25, 2022, the sponsor executed the Promissory Note, representing
a Working Capital Loan from the sponsor to us of up to 1,500,000. At December 31, 2022 there was 206,000 outstanding under the Promissory
Note. 1,294,000 remains available under the Note to finance transaction costs in connection with the initial business combination. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital deficit of approximately
 1,958,000, including approximately 32,000 in its operating bank account. 

Our liquidity needs to date have been satisfied through a contribution
of 25,000 from the sponsor to cover certain expenses in exchange for the issuance of the founder shares, an advance from an affiliate
of the sponsor of the payment of certain formation and operating costs on behalf of the Company and the proceeds from the consummation
of the private placement not held in the trust account. In addition, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 206,000 and 0 amounts
outstanding under the Working Capital Loan. 

In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in
accordance with FASB ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern ASC 205-40 ),
we have evaluated our liquidity and financial condition and determined that it is probable we will not be able to meet our obligations
over the period of one year from the issuance date of the financial statements contained elsewhere in this Report. In addition, while
our plans to seek additional funding or to consummate an initial business combination, there is no guarantee we will be able to borrow
such funds from our sponsor, an affiliate of the sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors in order to meet our obligations through
the earlier of the consummation of an initial business combination or one year from this filing. We have determined that the uncertainty
surrounding our liquidity condition raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements
contained elsewhere in this Report do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

25 

Contractual
Obligations 

At
December 31, 2022, we did not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 

The
underwriters were paid a cash underwriting fee of 2 of gross proceeds of the initial public offering and the over-allotment option,
or 4,730,557. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to aggregate deferred underwriting commissions of 8,278,474 consisting of
3.5 of the gross proceeds of the initial public offering. The deferred underwriting commissions will become payable to the underwriters
from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that we complete an initial business combination, subject to the terms
of the underwriting agreement by and among us and Morgan Stanley Co. LLC. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have
identified the following as its critical accounting policies: 

Liquidity
and Going Concern Consideration 

In
connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with ASC 205-40, we have until July 2, 2023 to consummate
a business combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a business combination by this time. If we do not complete
our business combination by July 2, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the common stock sold as part of the units in the IPO, at
a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest
shall be net of franchise and income taxes payable and less up to 100,000 of such net interest which may be distributed to us to
pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and
the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under the DGCL to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. 

In
the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including
trust account assets) will be less than the initial public offering price per unit in the IPO. In addition, if we fail to complete our
business combination by July 2, 2023, there will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants, which
will expire worthless. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a business combination
not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments
have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after July 2, 2023. The amount of time
remaining to finalize a business combination does raise substantial doubt in the Company as a going concern. 

In
addition, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had current liabilities of 2,110,888 and 212,900, respectively, and working
capital (deficit) of 1,957,649) and 720,328, respectively. These amounts include accrued expenses owed to professionals, consultants,
advisors and others who are working on seeking a business combination. Such work is continuing after December 31, 2022 and amounts are
continuing to accrue. In order to finance ongoing operating costs, the sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor may provide us with additional
working capital via a Working Capital Loan. 

Emerging
Growth Company 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may
take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any
golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended
transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private
companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised
standard. 

Net
Income (Loss) Per Share of Common Stock 

We
comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share . We have two classes of shares,
which are referred to as Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes
of shares. Net income (loss) per ordinary share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of ordinary
shares outstanding during the period. 

The
calculation of diluted income (loss) per share does not consider the effect of the public warrants issued in connection with the initial
public offering and the sale of the placement warrants, because the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future
events. 

26 

The
following table reflects the calculation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from January 7, 2021 (Date of Inception) through December 31, 2021 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Class A 
 Class B (1) 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

Numerator: 

Allocation of net income (loss), as adjusted 
 3,022921 
 735,576 
 (113,000 
 (52,906 
 
 Less: Accretion allocated based on ownership percentage 
 (2,309,134 
 (561,889 
 (5,349 
 (2,505 
 
 Plus: Accretion applicable to Class A redeemable shares 
 2,871,023 
 - 
 7,854 

Income (loss) by class 
 3,584,810 
 173,687 
 (110,495 
 (55,411 
 
 Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average 

common stock outstanding 
 24,300,840 
 5,913,196 
 12,262,874 
 5,741,402 
 
 Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 
 0.15 
 0.03 
 (0.01 
 (0.01 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The
fair value of our assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures, approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet primarily due to their short term nature. 

Offering
Cost 

Offering
costs consist of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related
to our initial public offering. Offering costs amounting to 13,427,731 were charged to stockholders equity upon the completion
of our initial public offering. 

Income
Taxes 

We
account for income taxes under FASB ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred
tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities
and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation
allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

ASC
740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes
a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected
to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination
by taxing authorities. We recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There
were no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. We are currently not aware of any issues under review that could
result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from our position. 

The
Company has identified the United States as its only major tax jurisdiction. 

Shares
Subject to Possible Redemption 

We
account for our shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in FASB ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity. Shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value.
Conditionally redeemable shares of common stock (including shares of common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within
the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified
as temporary equity. At all other times, shares are classified as stockholders equity. Our shares feature certain redemption rights
that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022
and 2021, shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section
of our balance sheets. 

27 

Derivative
Financial Instruments 

The
Company accounts for derivative financial instruments in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. For
derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value
upon issuance and remeasured at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations. The classification
of derivative financial instruments is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. 

Warrants 

We
account for the public warrants and placement warrants as liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s
specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in ASC 480 and ASC 815. The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding
financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all
of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to our own common stock and whether
the warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of our control, among other
conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant
issuance and as of each subsequent reporting period while the warrants are outstanding. Because we do not control the occurrence of events,
such as a tender offer or exchange, that may trigger cash settlement of the warrants where not all of the stockholders
 also receive cash, the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, as such, the warrants must be recorded
as derivative liability. 

For
issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component
of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification,
the warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter.
Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. 

Factors
That May Adversely Affect our Results of Operations 

Our
results of operations and our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could
cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted
by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in
interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic,
including resurgences and the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in Ukraine. We cannot
at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they
may negatively impact our business and our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise
required under this Item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Reference
is made to pages F-1 through F-25 comprising a portion of this Report, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

28 

THUNDER
BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7, 2021 (Date of Inception) through December 31, 2021 F-4 Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7, 2021 (Date of Inception) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7, 2021 (Date of Inception) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 

Thunder Bridge Capital Partners IV, Inc. 

Opinion on the financial statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Thunder Bridge Capital Partners IV, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related
statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period
from January 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January
7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s working
capital deficit and dependency on a completion of a business combination raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2021. 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

THUNDER
BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 

BALANCE
SHEETS 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Total
 current assets 

Cash
 and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current
 liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Income
 taxes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Promissory
 note payable - related party, at fair value 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 current liabilities 

Warrant
 liability 

Deferred
 underwriting fee payable 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments 

Shares subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Stockholders 
 Equity (Deficit): 

Preferred shares, par value; shares authorized; none outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; outstanding (excluding 23,652,784 shares subject to possible redemption) 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional
 paid in capital 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

See
accompanying notes to the financial statements. 

F- 3 

THUNDER
BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 

STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from January 7, 2021 (Date of Inception) through December 31, 2021 

Formation costs and other operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest income 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 -

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average shares outstanding Class A common stock 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A common stock

Weighted average shares outstanding Class B common stock 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B common stock

See
accompanying notes to the financial statements. 

F- 4 

THUNDER
BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 

STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Total 

Class
 A 
 Class
 B 
 Additional 
 
 Stockholders 

Common
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid
 in 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance January
 7, 2021 (date of inception) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of Class B common stock to Sponsor (1) 
 - 
 - 

- 

Sale of units, net of Underwriters discount, offering costs and warrant liabilities 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Forfeiture
 of Class B Common stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock subject to redemption 

- 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31,
 2021 

- 

Common
 stock subject to redemption 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 Income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 December 31, 2022 

- 

(1) 

See
accompanying notes to the financial statements. 

F- 5 

THUNDER
BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 

STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For
 the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For
 the Period from January 7, 2021 (Date of Inception) through December 31, 2021 

Cash flow from operating activities: 

Net income
 (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned in Trust
 Account 

Change in fair value
 of warrant liability 

Transaction costs allocable
 to warrant liability 
 - 

Changes in operating
 assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and
 accrued expenses 

Income
 taxes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Investment of cash in
 Trust Account 
 - 

Proceeds
 from redemption of Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of
 Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of
 Class B common stock 
 - 

Proceeds from promissory
 note payable - related party 

Repayment of promissory
 note payable - related party 
 - 

Payments
 of deferred offering costs 
 - 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at the beginning
 of the period 
 
 - 
 
 Cash at the end of the
 period 

See
accompanying notes to the financial statements. 

F- 6 

THUNDER
BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units Units and, with respect to shares
of Class A common stock included in the Units offered, the Public Shares ),
generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 

private placement units (the Private
Placement Units at a price of per unit in a private placement to TBCP IV, LLC (the Sponsor ), generating
gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the
sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Units was placed in a trust account Trust Account which may be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of days or less or in any open-ended investment company
that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the
Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account to the Company s
stockholders, as described below. 

consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees (see Note 6) and
 of other costs. In addition, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and of cash was held outside of the Trust Account
and was available for working capital purposes, respectively. 

units (the
 Over-Allotment Units ), generating gross proceeds of . In conjunction with the sale of the Over-Allotment Units,
the Company consummated a sale of an additional Private
Placement Units to the Sponsor at a price of per unit, generating gross proceeds of . Following the closing, an additional
 of proceeds was placed in the Trust Account. In connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option and the
expiration of the over-allotment option, shares of Class B common stock were forfeited for no consideration. 

of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (less any deferred underwriting
commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing a definitive agreement to enter a Business
Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more
of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to
be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able
to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

F- 7 

THUNDER
BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1.
DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (Cont.) 

either immediately prior to or upon such consummation
of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor
of the Business Combination. 

or more of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 

per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company
to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to stockholders who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the
deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter (as discussed in Note 6). There will be no redemption rights
upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. These shares of Class A common stock will
be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial
Public Offering, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

F- 8 

THUNDER
BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1.
DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (Cont.) 

However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve
for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy
its indemnity obligations and believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot
assure its stockholders that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the Company s officers or directors
will indemnify the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.
The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors
by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business,
execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

. Through December 31, 2022, the Company has borrowed under the Promissory Note.
 remains available under the Note to finance transaction costs in connection with the initial business combination. Accordingly,
management has since evaluated the Company s liquidity and financial condition and determined that sufficient capital exists to
sustain operations through, July 2, 2023 and therefore substantial doubt has been alleviated. 

F- 9 

THUNDER
BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1.
DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (Cont.) 

, including approximately in its operating bank account. 

from Sponsor to cover certain expenses in exchange for the issuance
of the Founder Shares, an advance from an affiliate of the Sponsor of the payment of certain formation and operating costs on behalf of
the Company and the proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. In addition, as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were and amounts outstanding under the Working Capital Loan (Note 5). 

year from
this filing. We have determined that the uncertainty surrounding the Company s liquidity condition raises substantial doubt about
its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

F- 10 

THUNDER
BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

and in cash and no cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 11 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

were recognized, of which was allocated to the warrants and immediately expensed
included in formation costs and other operating expenses in the Statements of Operations, and was allocated to Class A common
stock, reducing the carrying amount of such shares. 

F- 12 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

Less: Accretion allocated based on ownership percentage 

Plus: Accretion applicable to Class A redeemable shares 
 
 -

Income (loss) by class 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account
and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

F- 13 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

F- 14 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Units at a purchase price of per Unit. 

units at per unit. 

Private Placement Units at a price of per unit
for an aggregate purchase price of . On August 9, 2021, in connection with the Underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment
option, the Company consummated a sale of an additional Private Placement Units
to the Sponsor at a price of per unit, generating gross proceeds of . 

as a financing expense upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 

shares of Class B common stock (the Founder Shares to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase
price of . The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that
the underwriter s over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will collectively own, on an as-converted
basis, of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public 
Offering (assuming the Sponsor does not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public 
Offering). On August 9, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units.
In connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option and the expiration of the over-allotment option on August 9, 2021,
 shares of Class B common stock were forfeited for no consideration. 

to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory
note (the Note ). The Note is non-interest bearing and is payable on the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the completion of
the Initial Public Offering. Upon completion of the Initial Public Offering on July 2, 2021, the
 outstanding balance on the Note was paid in full . 

F- 15 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Cont.) 

of notes may be converted upon consummation of a Business Combination
into units at a price of per unit. The units will be identical to the Private Placement Units. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. On March 25, 2022, the Company executed a promissory note
with respect to the Working Capital Loan for the Sponsor to loan funds to the Company up to (the Promissory Note ).
On May 24, 2022, the Sponsor advanced under the Promissory Note. At December 31, 2022 there was outstanding under the
Promissory Note. 

, with changes in fair value recorded to the statements of operations. For the year ended December
31, 2022, there were no changes in fair value recorded to the statements of operations. 

per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and
administrative support. The Company had incurred and paid and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period
from January 7, 2021 (date of inception) through December 31, 2021, respectively. 

for advisory services related to
its search for and consummation of its Initial Business Combination. The Company had incurred and paid and for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7, 2021 (date of inception) through December 31, 2021, respectively. 

F- 16 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. On August 9, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional
 Units. 

of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the exercise of the overallotment,
or . In addition, the underwriter is entitled to a deferred fee of three and half percent of the gross proceeds of the
Initial Public Offering and overallotment, or . The deferred fee was placed in the Trust Account and will be paid in cash upon
the closing of a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

from the consummation
of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 17 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 7. WARRANTS (Cont.) 

F- 18 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 7. WARRANTS (Cont.) 

per share of Class A common stock (with
such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of
any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates,
as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent
more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Company s initial Business Combination
on the date of the consummation of such initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading
price of the Company s common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company
consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price
of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price,
the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to
the nearest cent) to be equal to the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

as described above). If the
Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement
Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

of the consideration receivable by the holders of the Class A common stock in
the Business Combination is payable in the form of common equity in the successor entity, and if the holders of the warrants properly
exercise the warrants within thirty days following the public disclosure of the consummation of Business Combination by the Company, the
warrant price shall be reduced by an amount equal to the difference (but in no event less than zero) of (i) the warrant price in effect
prior to such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration (as defined below) minus (B) the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined
below). The Black-Scholes Warrant Value means the value of a Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of the Business
Combination based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Model for a Capped American Call on Bloomberg Financial Markets. Per Share Consideration 
means (i) if the consideration paid to holders of the common stock consists exclusively of cash, the amount of such cash per common stock,
and (ii) in all other cases, the volume weighted average price of the common stock as reported during the ten-trading day period ending
on the trading day prior to the effective date of the Business Combination. 

whole Public Warrants outstanding with a fair value of and , respectively, and Private
Placement Warrants outstanding with a fair value of and , respectively 

Public
Warrants issued and the private placement warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance
provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a derivative
liability. The warrant agreement contains an Alternative Issuance provision that if less than of the consideration receivable
by the holders of the Class A common stock in the Business Combination is payable in the form of common equity in the successor entity,
and if the holders of the warrants properly exercise the warrants within thirty days following the public disclosure of the consummation
of Business Combination by the Company, the warrant price shall be reduced by an amount equal to the difference (but in no event less
than zero) of (i) the warrant price in effect prior to such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration (as defined below) minus
(B) the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined below). The Black-Scholes Warrant Value means the value of a Warrant immediately
prior to the consummation of the Business Combination based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Model for a Capped American Call on Bloomberg
Financial Markets. Per Share Consideration means (i) if the consideration paid to holders of the common stock consists exclusively
of cash, the amount of such cash per common stock, and (ii) in all other cases, the volume weighted
average price of the common stock as reported during the ten-trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the effective date
of the Business Combination. 

F- 19 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 7. WARRANTS (Cont.) 

shares of par value preferred stock. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no 
preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A, par value common stock. Holders of the Company s
 Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding (excluding 23,652,784 Class A shares subject to possible redemption). 

shares of Class B, par value common stock. Holders of the
Company s Class B common stock are entitled to vote for each share. At December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

of the sum
of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the Initial
Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with
a Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination,
and any private placement-equivalent units and its underlying securities issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans
made to the Company). Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B common stock into an equal number of
shares of Class A common stock, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. 

F- 20 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Liabilities: 

Public Warrants 
 1 

Private Placement Warrants 
 2 

Promissory note payable related party, at fair value 
 3 
 
 -

F- 21 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 9. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Cont.) 

Expected term (years) 

Expected Volatility 

Exercise Price 

Stock price 

year yield the yield on the U.S. Treasury notes as of the Valuation Date that matched the time period to DeSPAC as of each Valuation Date. 

redemption value by the start of the exercise period for the Warrants resulted in a nominal difference in value between the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants across the valuation dates utilized in the Monte Carlo simulation model. 

and per warrant for aggregate values of million and thousand, respectively. 

F- 22 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 9. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
(Cont.) 

Expected term (years) 

Expected term to de-SPAC (years) 

Expected Volatility 

Exercise Price 

Stock price 

Issuance of warrants in connection with the partial exercise of the overallotment option 

Change in valuation inputs and other assumptions 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

Change in valuation inputs and other assumptions 

Fair value as of December 31, 202 

F- 23 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 9. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Cont.) 

Issuance of warrants in connection with the partial exercise of the overallotment option 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value of Warrants transferred out of Level 3 

Fair value of Level 3 warrant liabilities as of December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

million, after giving effect
to any redemptions by Company stockholders, and third-party financing, if any. 

Net operating loss carryover 
 -

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 
 -
 
 -

F- 24 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 11. INCOME TAXES (Cont.) 

- 

State: 

Current 
 -
 
 -

Income tax provision 
 
 -

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective Tax Rate 

and in net operating loss carryovers
at 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

from 2021 to 2022. 

F- 25 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Certifying
Officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based
on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period
covered by this Report. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions.

29 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Controls over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and
regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013).
Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022. 

This Report does not include an attestation report
of our internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under
the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes
to our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

30 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

As
of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Gary A. Simanson 
 
 62 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 William A. Houlihan 
 
 67 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 David E. Mangum 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 Mary Anne Gillespie 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 Robert Hartheimer 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 Stewart J. Paperin 
 
 75 
 
 Director 
 
 Allerd D. Stikker 
 
 60 
 
 Director 

The
experience of our directors and executive officers is as follows: 

Gary
A. Simanson has been our President, Chief Executive Officer and Director since our inception. Mr. Simanson is founder
of Thunder Bridge Capital, LLC and has served as its Chief Executive Officer since 2017. In addition to serving in that capacity, Mr. Simanson
serves as head of its Investment Committee, Credit Committee, Enterprise Risk Committee, Loan Review and other executive committees and
is responsible for sourcing and establishing strategic loan asset purchase relationships and equity opportunities within the financial
services and FinTech industries. Since 2020 he has been an executive officer and director of Thunder Bridge Capital Partners III Inc.
From 2019 until 2021, he was an executive officer and director of Thunder Bridge Acquisition II, Ltd. (NASDAQ: THBR). From 2018
to 2019 he was an officer and director of Thunder Bridge Acquisition, Ltd. (NASDAQ: TBRG), a blank check company which in July 2019
consummated its initial business combination with Hawk Parent Holdings, LLC, or Repay, an omnichannel payments technology provider. From
2015 through June 2017, Mr. Simanson founded and managed Endeavor Capital Management, L.L.C., Endeavor Capital Advisors, L.L.C.,
Endeavor Capital Fund, LP, and Endeavor Equity Fund, LP (collectively, Endeavor ), targeting debt and equity investments
in the marketplace lending industry. Prior to founding Endeavor, Mr. Simanson served as an advisor and then as a Director, President
and Chief Executive Officer of First Avenue National Bank from 2013 to 2015, restructuring its balance sheet, lending practices, underwriting
procedures, special credits, ALCO, corporate governance, enterprise risk, IT, retail delivery, and achieving strong regulatory results.
He has been Managing Director of First Capital Group, L.L.C., an investment banking advisory firm specializing in the financial industry
and bank mergers and acquisitions, strategic planning, capital raising and enterprise risk management from 1997 to the present. In such
capacity, Mr. Simanson has both initiated and advised on bank mergers and acquisitions, capital raising transactions, enterprise
risks and strategic initiatives around the country and has spoken nationally and internationally on enterprise risk, bank mergers and
acquisitions, and also on the emerging marketplace lending and global FinTech industry, including the uses of blockchain for international
asset selection and verification and income stream allocation and treasury management. Mr. Simanson previously served as the financial
expert for the Audit Committee and as a member of the board of directors of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc., with 1.4 billion in
assets, and its wholly-owned subsidiary First Guaranty Bank; and as a Senior Advisor to the Chairman of Alpine Capital Bank and
its related companies, operating in the commercial banking, investment advisory, merchant banking and portfolio investment areas. He
was Founder, Vice Chairman and Chief Strategic Officer of Community Bankers Trust Corporation, a 1.2 billion in assets bank holding
company for Essex Bank (NASDAQ NMS ESXB and previously served as its President, Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer,
and as a Director since its inception in 2005 to 2011, overseeing its public offering in 2006 as a special purpose acquisition company,
Community Bankers Acquisition Corp, its bank acquisitions and shareholder reformulation in 2008, and its failed bank acquisitions from
the FDIC in 2008 and 2009. In addition to serving as managing director of First Capital Group, Mr. Simanson also served as Senior
Vice President concentrating in bank mergers and acquisitions and capital markets with FTN Financial Capital Markets, a wholly owned
investment banking and financial services subsidiary of First Horizon National Corporation (NYSE: FHS) from 1998 to 1999. From 1992 to
1995, Mr. Simanson was Associate General Counsel at Union Planters Corporation, then a NYSE-traded bank holding company (presently
Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE: RF)), where his duties included the negotiation and preparation of all bank merger and acquisition
transaction documents, transaction due diligence, member of integration committee, preparation of all regulatory filings, registration
statements and other securities filings and other bank regulatory matters. From 1989 to 1992, he was a practicing attorney, beginning
his career with Milbank, Tweed, Hadley McCloy, LLP, specializing in the securities, bank regulatory and bank merger and acquisition
areas. Mr. Simanson is licensed to practice law in the states of New York and Colorado. Mr. Simanson received his B.A.
degree, majoring in Economics, from George Washington University. He earned his M.B.A., majoring in Finance, from George Washington University
and holds a J.D. from Vanderbilt University. We believe that Mr. Simanson is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board
of directors due to his extensive banking, financial and advisory experience. 

31 

William
A. Houlihan has been our Chief Financial Officer since inception. From 2019 until 2021, he was an executive officer of Thunder
Bridge Acquisition II, Ltd. (NASDAQ: THBR), a blank check company which in June 2021 consummated a business combination with indie
Semiconductor, an automotive technology Company, with the combined companies now operating as Indie Semiconductor (NASDAQ:INDI). Since
2020 he has been an executive officer of Thunder Bridge Capital Partners III Inc. (NASDAQ:THCP), a blank check company. From 2018 to
2019 he was an officer of Thunder Bridge Acquisition, Ltd. (NASDAQ: TBRG), a blank check company which in July 2019 consummated
its initial business combination with Hawk Parent Holdings, LLC, or Repay, an omnichannel payments technology provider, with the combined
companies now operating as Repay Holdings (NASDAQ:RPAY). He has served since 2012 as a director and audit committee chairman for MAXEX,
LLC, a privately-owned residential mortgage loan trading business. He has served since 2009 as a director and financial expert on
the audit committee of Avem Health Partners, previously known as First Physicians Capital Group, or FPCG, a privately-owned health
care investment company, which was registered with the SEC prior to completion of a going-private transaction in 2015, from 2013
to 2014 as non-executive chairman of its board of directors and since 2013 as the chairman of its audit committee. Since 2013 he
has served as a director and Audit Committee Chairman of Lument Finance Trust (NYSE: LFT), a mortgage REIT. From 2021 to 2022, he served
as a director of Angel Pond Holdings Corporation (NYSE: POND), a blank check company, which in December 2022 consummated a business combination
with MariaDB, a cloud database company, with the combined companies now operating as MariaDB (NYSE:MRDB). He served from 2013 to 2015
as lead independent director and chairman of the audit committee of Tiptree, Inc. (NASDAQ:TIPT), or Tiptree, a financial services holding
company; and from 2010 to 2013 as lead independent director and chairman of the audit committee for Care Investment Trust (OTCQX: CVTR),
a healthcare REIT which merged with Tiptree in 2013. From 2003 to 2010, he was a director of SNL Financial, a privately owned financial
information company, and in addition, from 1998 to 2012 he was a director and shareholder of a family-owned commercial real estate
investment partnership. He served from 2013 to 2014 as the chief financial officer for Amalgamated Bank, a privately owned bank. From
2001 through 2008, Mr. Houlihan was a private investor while he served as transitional Chief Financial Officer for several distressed
financial services companies: Sixth Gear, Inc. from 2007 to 2008; Sedgwick Claims Management Services from 2006 until 2007; Metris
Companies from 2004 to 2006; and Hudson United Bancorp from 2001 to 2003. From 1981 until 2000, and for short-term periods
in 2004 and 2007, Mr. Houlihan worked for a number of investment banking companies, including Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS), Bear Stearns,
Keefe Bruyette Woods, J.P. Morgan (NYSE:JPM) and UBS (NYSE:UBS). He also held several auditing and accounting positions from 1977
through 1981. In addition he was licensed as a Certified Public Accountant, but his license is currently inactive. From 2017 to 2021,
he was an adjunct professor for the Feliciano School of Business at Montclair State University. On March 13, 2015, Mr. Houlihan
settled an administrative proceeding brought by the SEC regarding his alleged failure to file on a timely basis required Schedule 13D
amendments and Section 16(a) reports relating to his beneficial ownership of securities of FPCG. Mr. Houlihan is a member of
the board of directors of FPCG and a greater than 10 beneficial owner of FPCG securities. In the settlement, Mr. Houlihan did not
admit or deny the SEC s allegations, consented to the entry of a cease and desist order requiring him not to cause any violation
of Sections 13(d)(2) and 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and agreed to pay a civil
penalty of 15,000 to the SEC. Mr. Houlihan received a B.S., magna cum laude, in Accounting from Manhattan College and received
his M.B.A. in Finance from New York University Graduate School of Business. 

David
E. Mangum has served as one of our directors since July 2021. Since 2019, Mr. Mangum has been a Senior Advisor at General
Atlantic, a global growth equity firm. Since 2020 he has been a director of Thunder Bridge Capital Partners III Inc. From 2019 until
2021, he was a director of Thunder Bridge Acquisition II, Ltd. (NASDAQ: THBR). From 2014 until September 2018, he was President
and Chief Operating Officer of Global Payments, Inc., (NYSE:GPN), a global payment technology and software company. During this time,
he helped lead the transformation of the company from a payment processor to a technology services and software company; prior to this
he served in increasingly senior roles at Global Payments, including as Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from
2011 to 2014 and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2008 to 2011. Before this, from 2007 to 2008, he served as
Executive Vice President, Fiserv Corp. (NASDAQ:FISV), a financial services technology provider which acquired CheckFree Corporation,
provider of financial electronic commerce solutions in 2007. During this time, Mr. Mangum co-led the strategic integration
process of CheckFree Corporation into Fiserv Corp. Prior to this acquisition, Mr. Mangum had been Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer or CheckFree Corporation (NASDAQ:CKFR) from 2000 to 2007 and its Senior Vice President, Finance and Accounting, from
1999 to 2000. There, he helped direct finance and administrative activities including M A, investor relations, internal audit and
enterprise risk management. Mr. Mangum received his B.A. from Carleton College. We believe that Mr. Mangum is well-qualified to
serve on our board because he brings to it his extensive experience in the financial services industry as well as broad operational and
public company experience. 

32 

Mary
Anne Gillespie has served as one of our directors since July 2021. Ms. Gillespie has been the Executive Vice President
of Sales/Product Marketing at EIS Group, a provider of digital-ready, customer-centered core insurance systems, since 2015. Since
2020 she has been a director of Thunder Bridge Capital Partners III Inc. From 2019 until 2021, she was a director of Thunder Bridge Acquisition
II, Ltd. (NASDAQ: THBR). From 2018 to 2019 she was an officer, and then a director, of Thunder Bridge Acquisition, Ltd. (NASDAQ: TBRG),
a blank check company which in July 2019 consummated its initial business combination with Hawk Parent Holdings, LLC, or Repay,
an omnichannel payments technology provider. She has 36 years of multichannel customer engagement experience. She has executed sales
strategies and market growth in national and global territories for companies ranging from start-up to 9 billion in revenue
across a broad range of industries. Ms. Gillespie previously served as Executive Vice President at TAS Group, a provider of software
solutions for electronic money, payment systems, capital markets and ERP, from 2011 to 2012 and Vice President of Merchant Sales at PayPal
(NASDAQ: PYPL) from 2007 to 2009. Prior to those positions, she was Vice President of Sales at Guidewire Software, a software publisher,
from 2005 to 2007. Earlier, she worked in several roles at Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL) leading to Senior Vice President of Sales.
Ms. Gillespie received an M.B.A. degree from the University of New Hampshire and a B.A. degree from Saint Mary s College in
Notre Dame, Indiana. We believe that Ms. Gillespie is well-qualified to serve on our board because she brings to it her extensive
experience sales, marketing and customer engagement. 

Robert
Hartheimer has served as one of our directors since February 2021 and is chairman of our audit committee. Mr. Hartheimer is also
a director of Thunder Bridge Capital Partners III Inc. (NASDAQ: TBCPU). Mr. Hartheimer served as a director of Thunder Bridge
Acquisition II, Ltd. (NASDAQ: THBR) from 2019 until it consummated its initial business combination with Indi Semiconductor (NASDAQ:
INDI) in 2021. From 2018 until 2019 he was a director of Thunder Bridge Acquisition Ltd. (NASDAQ: TPRG), a blank check company
(SPAC) which in July 2019 consummated its initial business combination with Hawk Parent Holdings, LLC, or Repay, an omnichannel
payments technology provider. Upon such consummation Mr. Hartheimer remained with the combined company, Repay Holdings Corporation
(NASDAQ: RPAY), as a director and chairman of Repay s audit committee. In addition to Mr. Hartheimer s service as a
director of the two Thunder Bridge SPACs and Repay, he is an independent director of CardWorks, a consumer lender and servicer,
since 2017. Mr. Hartheimer is chairman of the audit committees of each of these four companies and chair of CardWorks 
compliance/risk committee. Mr. Hartheimer has been a director of ten U.S. companies in the last 26 years; six public companies, two
private and two subsidiaries of public companies. These include three banks, one consumer lender and credit card servicer, two
payments companies, two SPACs which successfully acquired businesses, two SPACs in search of an acquisition and one investment
management business. In addition to his current role as chairman of four audit committees and one compliance/risk committee, he
chaired audit Committees at three past companies and chaired compliance/risk committees at two companies. Mr. Hartheimer has been a
financial services and bank regulatory consultant for the past 21 years currently with both his own firm and the Klaros Group as a
Senior Advisor. In the past Mr. Hartheimer was a Managing Director at Promontory Financial Group. In 2016 Mr. Hartheimer founded,
along with three co-founders, Jasper, a U.S. based credit card issuer and he served various roles including Chief Regulatory and
Compliance Officer until 2022. In 1991, Mr. Hartheimer joined the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, where he and a small
team created the Division of Resolutions to analyze and sell failed banks. He went on to serve as the Director of that division and
was responsible for the sale of 200 banks in four years. Mr. Hartheimer s other past positions include over 14 years in
senior roles at investment banks, including Merrill Lynch, Smith Barney and Friedman Billings Ramsey. We believe that
Mr. Hartheimer is well-qualified to serve on our board because he brings to it his extensive experience in the financial
services industry, the bank regulatory community and investment banking. 

33 

Stewart
J. Paperin has served as one of our directors since July 2021. Since 2020 he has been a director of Thunder Bridge Capital
Partners III Inc. From 2019 until 2021, he was a director of Thunder Bridge Acquisition II, Ltd. (NASDAQ: THBR). From 2018 to 2019 he
was a director of Thunder Bridge Acquisition, Ltd. (NASDAQ: TBRG), a blank check company which in July 2019 consummated its initial
business combination with Hawk Parent Holdings, LLC, or Repay, an omnichannel payments technology provider. Mr. Paperin currently
serves as the managing member of Leopard Rock Property Group, a real property development and investment firm located in Los Angeles
and San Diego, California. Mr. Paperin served as Executive Vice President of the Soros Foundation, a worldwide private philanthropic
foundation, from 1996 to 2013, where he oversaw financial, administrative and economic development activities. From 1996 to 2005, Mr. Paperin
served as a Senior Advisor and portfolio manager for Soros Fund Management LLC, a financial services company, and from 2005 to 2014,
he served as a consultant to Soros Fund Management LLC. From 1996 to 2007, Mr. Paperin served as a Director of Penn Octane Corporation
(NASDAQ: POCC), a company engaged in the purchase, transportation and sale of liquefied petroleum gas. Prior to joining the Soros organizations,
Mr. Paperin served as President of Brooke Group International, an investment firm concentrated on the former Soviet Union, from
1990 to 1993, and as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Western Union Corporation, a provider of money transfer and
message services, which was controlled by Brooke Group, from 1988 to 1990. Prior to Western Union Corporation, Mr. Paperin served
as Chief Financial Officer of Timeplex Corporation, a telecommunications equipment provider, from 1986 to 1988 and of Datapoint Corporation,
a computer equipment manufacturer, from 1985 to 1986. Prior to Datapoint Corporation, Mr. Paperin served as a financial officer
of Pepsico Corporation (NYSE: PEP) from 1980 to 1985 and as a management consultant at Cresap McCormick Paget from 1975 to
1980. Mr. Paperin has been a director of ARMOUR REIT since 2009. Mr. Paperin served as a member of Enterprise s board
of directors, ARMOUR s predecessor from its inception in 2007 to its merger with ARMOUR in 2009. Mr. Paperin was also a director
of JAVELIN from 2012 until the merger in 2016. Mr. Paperin also served as a member of the board of directors of Community Bankers
Acquisition Corp., a blank check company formed to acquire an operating business in the banking industry (NYSE MKT LLC: BTC). In May 2016,
Mr. Paperin was named as a defendant in his capacity as a former director of JAVELIN, together with all other directors, in a consolidated
class action filed in the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, alleging, among other claims, breaches of fiduciary duty,
aiding and abetting breaches of fiduciary duty and waste in connection with JAVELIN s merger with ARMOUR and related transactions
(the JAVELIN Transactions ). The plaintiffs in the case were seeking equitable relief, including, among other relief, to
enjoin consummation of the JAVELIN Transactions, or rescind or unwind the JAVELIN Transactions if already consummated, and award costs
and disbursements, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses. On June 27, 2016, the defendants in the case filed a
motion to dismiss the complaint for failing to state a claim upon which relief can be granted. A hearing was held on the motion on March 3,
2017. In the two year period since the hearing date, the court has not issued an order on the motion to dismiss. Mr. Paperin holds
an M.S. in Management, and a B.A. in Economics Management from the State University of New York at Binghamton, and was awarded an
Honorary Doctor of Humane Letters by the State University of New York. We believe that Mr. Paperin is well-qualified to
serve on our board because he brings to it his extensive experience in the financial services industry, the bank regulatory community
and investment banking. 

Allerd
D. Stikker has served as one of our directors since July 2021. Since 2020 he has been a director of Thunder Bridge Capital
Partners III Inc. From 2019 until 2021, he was a director of Thunder Bridge Acquisition II, Ltd. (NASDAQ: THBR). From 2018 to 2019 he
was a director of Thunder Bridge Acquisition, Ltd. (NASDAQ: TBRG), a blank check company which in July 2019 consummated its initial
business combination with Hawk Parent Holdings, LLC, or Repay, an omnichannel payments technology provider. Mr. Stikker started
his career as a banking consultant in the United States. After moving back to Europe, he became active within the oil and gas sector
and was subsequently employed in the financial services sector as Chief Financial Officer for IMC B.V. After a sabbatical period, he
joined the BXR Group, an international private investment group, in 2008 as Chief Financial Officer with responsibility for its real
estate division and served as Chief Operating Officer of BXR Group from 2011 until 2014. He was Chief Executive Officer of BXR Group
from 2014 until 2018. Currently Mr. Stikker serves as advisor to BXR Group. During his tenure at BXR, Mr. Stikker served
on numerous boards and in many occasions as chairman, such as Green Gas International, a methane processor, Advanced World Transport,
a railway transporter in Eastern Europe, Tower Group A/S, a real estate investor in the German residential market and BXR Group BV, the
entity within BXR that makes all major decisions. Mr. Stikker has an M.B.A. and a B.A. in Business Administration from George Washington
University. We believe that Mr. Stikker is well-qualified to serve on our board due to his extensive experience in the financial
services industry, the bank regulatory community and investment banking. 

34 

Advisors 

Peter
 Pete J. Kight has served as a senior special advisor to the Company since July 2021. Since 2020 he has been
a senior special advisor of Thunder Bridge Capital Partners III Inc. From 2019 until 2021, he was a senior special advisor of Thunder
Bridge Acquisition II, Ltd. (NASDAQ: THBR), which consummated its initial business combination with Indie Semiconductor, an automotive
chip and software company that focuses on sensors for advanced driver assistance systems in June 2021, whereupon he became a director
of Indie Semiconductor (NASDAQ: INDI). From 2018 to 2019 he was a director of Thunder Bridge Acquisition, Ltd. (NASDAQ: TBRG), a blank
check company which in July 2019 consummated its initial business combination with Hawk Parent Holdings, LLC, or Repay, an omnichannel
payments technology provider; upon such consummation, Mr. Kight remained with the combined company, Repay Holdings Corporation (NASDAQ:RPAY)
as chairman of the board of directors. Mr. Kight has 34 years of industry experience. He has been an Angel Investor and Advisor
to Commerce Ventures, a Silicon Valley based venture capital firm focused on investing in innovations in the retail and financial services
industries, since 2012. Mr. Kight previously served as a Co-Chairman and Managing Partner at Comvest Partners, a mid-market private
investment firm, from 2010 2013, and then as a Senior Advisor at Comvest Partners from 2013 to 2015. He was the Founder,
Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer of CheckFree Corporation (NASDAQ: CKFR), a provider of financial services technology, from 1981
until it was acquired by Fiserv (NASDAQ: FISV) in 2007. Mr. Kight then served as director and vice chairman of Fiserv following
Fiserv s acquisition of CheckFree from 2007 to 2012 (Vice chairman from 2007 to 2010). Mr. Kight joined the board of directors
of Blackbaud (NASDAQ: BLKB), a supplier of software and services specifically designed for nonprofit organizations, in 2014. Mr. Kight
has served on the board of directors of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (NASDAQ: HBAN), a regional bank holding company, since 2012.
Mr. Kight previously served on the boards of directors of Akamai Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ GS: AKAM), distributor of computing
solutions and services, from 2004 to 2012, Manhattan Associates, Inc., (NASDAQ: MANH) a provider of supply chain planning and execution
solutions, from 2007 to 2011 and Kabbage, Inc., a technology-driven SME lending company, from 2015 to November 2017. Mr. Kight
is also a member of the board of directors Urjanet, Inc., a data analytics company focused primarily on energy, utility, and financial
transaction data, from 2016 to present. Mr. Kight is also a member of the board of directors of Bill.com (NYSE:BILL), a financial
process automation company, from 2019 to present. From 2015 until 2018, he was a member of the board of directors of Insightpool,
LLC, a marketing data analytics business focused on earned influence marketing analytics. He holds more than a dozen patents and publications
for electronic banking and payment systems. 

JSOV
 has served as a special advisor to the Company since July 2021. Since 2020 it has been a special advisor of Thunder Bridge Capital
Partners III, Inc. JSOV is an affiliate of Jacobs Asset Management JAM ), a registered investment advisor controlled by
Seymour Sy Jacobs. Sy Jacobs is the founding and managing member of JAM, the management company of a hedge fund and private
investment vehicles. Prior to founding JAM in 1995, Mr. Jacobs spent 12 years as a research analyst covering specialty financial
services and bank stocks at Alex. Brown and Sons, Mabon Nugent, L.F. Rothschild and Co., and Salomon Brothers, Inc. He earned his Bachelor
of Arts, magna cum laude, from the University of Michigan and his MBA at New York University. Mr. Jacobs also serves as Chairman
Emeritus of Venture for America, a non-profit whose mission is to revitalize American cities and communities through entrepreneurship. 

Our
senior special advisor and special advisor (i) assist us in sourcing and negotiating with potential business combination targets,
(ii) provide business insights when we assess potential business combination targets and (iii) upon our request, provide business
insights as we work to create additional value in the businesses that we acquire. In this regard, he will fulfill some of the same functions
as our board members. Additionally, aside from payments to an affiliate for advisory services described elsewhere in this Report, our
senior special advisor has no employment or compensation arrangements with us. Moreover, our senior special advisor and our special advisor
are not be under any fiduciary obligations to us nor will they perform board or committee functions, nor will they have any voting or
decision-making capacity on our behalf. They will also not be required to devote any specific amount of time to our efforts or be
subject to the fiduciary requirements to which our board members are subject. Accordingly, if our senior special advisor or special advisor
becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the entities to which they have fiduciary or contractual
obligations, they will honor their fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity,
and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We may modify or expand our roster of advisors as we source potential
business combination targets or create value in businesses that we may acquire. 

35 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

We
currently have six (6) directors. Holders of our founder shares have the right to elect all of our directors prior to consummation
of our initial business combination and holders of our public shares do not have the right to vote for the election of directors during
such time. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended if approved by at least 90 
of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors
being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving
a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until
one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting
of Mr. Paperin and Ms. Gillespie, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second
class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Stikker and Mangum, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office
of the third class of directors, consisting of Mr. Simanson and Hartheimer, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our
bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, a Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President,
Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a
limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be
comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised
solely of independent directors. 

Audit
Committee 

We
have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Hartheimer, Stikker and Paperin serve as members of our audit
committee, and Mr. Hartheimer chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required
to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Hartheimer, Stikker and Paperin
meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Hartheimer qualifies as
an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We
have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the
 appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent
 registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all
 audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered
 public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public
 accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting
 firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal
 quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent
 internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry
 or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years
 respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to
 deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered
 public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm s
 independence; 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404
 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction;
 and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors,
 as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence
 with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that
 raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant
 changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the FASB, the SEC or other regulatory
 authorities. 

36 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Mr. Mangum and Ms. Gillespie serve as members of our compensation
committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation
committee, all of whom must be independent. Mr. Mangum and Ms. Gillespie are independent and Ms. Gillespie chairs the
compensation committee. 

We
have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief
 Executive Officer s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive
 Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving
 the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other
 officers; 

reviewing
 on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit
 arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if
 required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy
 statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, other than (x) the monthly payment of (i) 10,000 to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space,
administrative and support services and (ii) 20,000 to an affiliate of our Chief Executive Officer for advisory services related to
our search for and consummation of our initial business combination, and (y) reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind,
including finders, consulting or other similar fees, has been or will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors,
senior special advisor or special advisor or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to
effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial
business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements
to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Director
Nominations 

We
do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required
to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend
a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily
carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee.
The directors who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Ms. Gillespie and Messrs. Hartheimer,
Paperin, Stikker and Mangum. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no
standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

Prior
to our initial business combination, the board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by holders
of our founder shares during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at an annual meeting of stockholders
(or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will
not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our stockholders. 

37 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our
audit and compensation committee charters as exhibits to the IPO Registration Statement. You can review these documents by accessing
our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided
without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in
a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Other
than the monthly payments of (i) 10,000 to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services and (ii)
 20,000 to an affiliate of our Chief Executive Officer for advisory services related to our search for and consummation of our initial
business combination, none of our executive officers or directors has received or will receive any cash (or non-cash) compensation for
services rendered to us. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, have been and will be
reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses
and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our independent directors review on a quarterly basis all payments that
are made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting,
management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known,
in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination,
such as the Coincheck Registration Statement. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors
of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid
to our officers will be determined by our compensation committee. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 30, 2023 based on information
obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of Class B common stock, by: 

each person known by us
 to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; 

each of our executive officers
 and directors that beneficially owns our common stock; and 

all our executive officers
 and directors as a group. 

In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 30,214,035 shares
of our common stock, which includes 23,652,784 shares of Class A common stock underlying the units sold in our initial public offering,
648,055 shares of Class A common stock underlying the placement units and 5,913,196 shares of Class B outstanding as of March 30, 2023.
Voting power represents the combined voting power of Class A common stock and Class B common stock owned beneficially by such person.
On all matters to be voted upon, except for the election of directors of the board, the holders of the shares of Class A common stock
and the shares of Class B common stock vote together as a single class, unless otherwise required under applicable law. Currently, all
of the shares of Class B common stock are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. 

38 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the placement warrants
as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class
 A Common stock 
 Class
 B Common stock 
 Approximate 
 
 Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number
 of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate 
 Percentage of Class 
 Number
 of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate 
 Percentage of Class 
 Percentage of 
 Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 TBCP
 IV, LLC (our sponsor)(2) 
 648,055 
 
 5,913,196 
 100 
 21.7 
 
 Gary
 A. Simanson (2) 
 748,055 
 
 5,913,196 
 100 
 22.0 
 
 William
 A. Houlihan 

David
 E. Mangum 

Mary
 Anne Gillespie 

Robert
 Hartheimer 

Stewart
 J. Paperin 

Allerd
 D. Stikker 

All
 directors and executive officers as a group (7 individuals) 
 748,055 
 
 5,913,196 
 100 
 22.0 

Other
 5 Stockholders 

Weiss
 Asset Management LP (3) 
 2,250,000 
 9.3 

7.4 
 
 Sculptor
 Capital LP (4) 
 1,206,601 
 5.0 

4.0 

less than 1 

1) 
 Unless otherwise noted,
 the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 9912 Georgetown Pike, Suite D203, Great Falls, Virginia
 22066. 

2) 
 Mr. Simanson, our President
 and Chief Executive Officer, may be deemed to beneficially own shares held by our sponsor by virtue of his control over our sponsor,
 as its managing member. Mr. Simanson disclaims beneficial ownership of our common stock held by our sponsor other than to the extent
 of his pecuniary interest in such shares. Each of our officers and directors is a member of our sponsor. 

3) 
 According to a Schedule
 13G/A filed with the SEC on January 28, 2022, Weiss Asset Management LP, BIP GP LLC, WAM GP LLC, and Andrew M Weiss, Ph.D., beneficially
 own shares of Class A common stock. The business address for each reporting person is 222 Berkeley St., 16 th Floor, Boston,
 Massachusetts 02116. 

4) 
 According to a Schedule
 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, Sculptor Capital LP Sculptor ), Sculptor Capital II LP Sculptor-II ),
 Sculptor Capital Holding Corp. SCHC ), Sculptor Capital Holding II LLC SCHC-II ), Sculptor Capital Management,
 Inc. SCU ), Sculptor Master Fund, Ltd. SCMF ), Sculptor Special Funding, LP NRMD ), Sculptor
 Credit Opportunities Master Fund, Ltd. SCCO ), Sculptor SC II LP NJGC ), and Sculptor Enhanced Master
 Fund, Ltd. SCEN ), beneficially own shares of Class A common stock. The address of the principal business office for
 Sculptor, Sculptor-II, SCHC, SCHC-II, and SCU is 9 West 57 Street, 39 Floor, New York, NY 10019. The address of the registered offices
 for SCMF, SCEN, and SCCO is c/o State Street (Cayman) Trust, Limited, 1 Nexus Way Suite #5203, PO Box 896, Helicona Courtyard,
 Camana Bay, Grand Cayman, KY1-1103, Cayman. The address of the registered office of NRMD is c/o MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093,
 Queensgate House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. The address of the registered office of NJGC is c/o The Corporation Trust
 Company 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington DE 19801. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Changes
in Control 

For
more information on the Coincheck Business Combination, please see Item 1. Business . 

39 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

On
February 8, 2021, we issued an aggregate of 6,468,750 founder shares to the sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. The founder
shares included an aggregate of up to 843,750 shares subject to forfeiture by the sponsor to the extent that the underwriter s
over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the sponsor would collectively own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our
issued and outstanding shares after our initial public offering. On August 9, 2021, the
underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 1,152,784 public units. In connection with the partial
exercise of the over-allotment option and the expiration of the over-allotment option on August 9, 2021, 555,554 shares of Class B common
stock were forfeited for no consideration. 

In
In July 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 625,000 placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit for an aggregate purchase price
of 6,250,000 simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. Each placement unit is identical to the units offered in
our initial public offering, except there will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect
to placement shares or placement warrants, which will expire worthless if we do not consummate a business combination within the Combination
Period. On August 9, 2021, in connection with the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company consummated
a sale of an additional 23,055 placement units to the sponsor at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 230,550.

In
July 2021, our Chief Executive Officer purchased 100,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit for an aggregate purchase price of 1,000,000
as part of our initial public offering. 

If
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity
to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under
Delaware law. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority
over their duties to us. 

We
have entered into an Administrative Services Agreement with First Capital Group, LLC, an affiliate of our sponsor, pursuant to which
we pay a total of 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services to such affiliate. Upon completion of our initial
business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Accordingly, in the event the consummation of our initial
business combination takes the maximum 24 months, an affiliate of our sponsor will be paid a total of 240,000 10,000 per month) for
office space, administrative and support services. 

We
have entered into an Advisory Agreement with an affiliate of our Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to which the Company pays a total
of 20,000 per month for advisory services relating to our search for and consummation of an initial business combination. Upon completion
of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Accordingly, in the event the consummation
of our initial business combination takes the maximum 24 months, an affiliate of our Chief Executive Officer will be paid a total of
 480,000 20,000 per month) for such advisory services and will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee reviews, on a quarterly basis, all payments that are made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates
and determines which expenses and the amount of expenses that are reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

Prior
to the consummation of our initial public offering, our sponsor loaned us an aggregate of 100,000 to us under an unsecured promissory
note, which was used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. The loans were fully repaid upon the closing of our
initial public offering. 

40 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate
of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us Working Capital Loans as may be required.
If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such Working Capital Loans. In the event that the initial business combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay Working Capital Loans but no proceeds
from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units
at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the placement units issued to the initial
holder. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third
parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

On
March 25, 2022, the sponsor executed the Promissory Note, representing a Working Capital Loan from the sponsor to us of up to 1,500,000.
At December 31, 2022 there was 206,000 outstanding under the Promissory Note. 1,294,000 remains available under the Note to finance
transaction costs in connection with the initial business combination. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. 

We
have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares, placement warrants and warrants issued upon conversion
of working capital loans (if any). 

For
more information on the agreements entered into in connection with the Coincheck Business Combination, please see Item 1. Business . 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to GT for services rendered. 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the
audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by GT in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate
fees of GT for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included
in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period
from January 7, 2021 (Date of Inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled approximately 47,250 and 36,750, respectively . The
above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees 

Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related
services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit
Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial
accounting and reporting standards. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January
7, 2021 (Date of Inception) through December 31, 2021 audit-related fees paid or payable to GT totaled 825,000 and 0, respectively. 

Tax Fees 

We did not pay GT for tax services, planning or advice for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January 7, 2021 (Date of Inception) through December 31, 2021. 

All Other Fees 

We did not pay GT for any other services for the year ended December
31, 2022 and the period from January 7, 2021 (Date of Inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit). 

41 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The following documents
 are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 248) 
 F-2 

Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7, 2021 (Date of Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-4 

Statement of Changes in Stockholder s Equity (Deficit) for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7, 2021 (Date of Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-5 

Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7, 2021 (Date of Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-25 

(2) Financial Statements Schedules 

All
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required
information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 in this Report. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits that are incorporated herein by reference
can be inspected on the SEC website at www.sec.gov . 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not
applicable. 

42 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, by and between the Company and Morgan Stanley Co. LLC. (1) 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2022, by and among the Company, Coincheck Group B.V., M1 Co G.K., Coincheck Merger Sub, Inc., and Coincheck, Inc. (4) + 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 By Laws. (3) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, by and between
 Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and the Company. (1) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Promissory Note, dated January 7, 2021, issued to TBCP IV, LLC (3) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers, directors and TBCP IV, LLC (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Account Agreement, dated
 June 29, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee, and the Company. (1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 29, 2021,
 by and among the Company, TBCP IV, LLC and the holders party thereto. (1) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated January 7, 2021, by and between the Company and TBCP IV, LLC. (3) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, by and between the Company and TBCP IV, LLC. (1) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (2) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated June 29, 2021,
 by and between the Company and First Capital Group, LLC. (1) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Advisory Services Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, by
 and between the Company and Thunder Bridge Capital, LLC. (1) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Sponsor Support Agreement dated as of March 22, 2022,
 by and among TBCP IV, LLC, Gary A. Simanson, Thunder Bridge Capital Partners IV, Inc., Coincheck Group B.V., Coincheck, Inc., and
 Monex Group, Inc. (4) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Company Support Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2022,
 by and among the Company, Monex Group, Inc., and Coincheck Group B.V. (4) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2022,
 by Coincheck Group B.V., Coincheck, Inc., and the individual named therein. (4) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement. (4) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Promissory Note, dated March 25, 2022, from the Company to TBCP IV, LLC. (5) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics. (2) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant
 to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant
 to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant
 to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant
 to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline
 XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

+ Certain
of the exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Company agrees
to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 2, 2021. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on June 21, 2021. 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Registration Statement Form S-1, filed with the SEC on March 16, 2021. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on March 22, 2022. 

(5) Incorporated
by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022, as filed with the SEC
on May 16, 2022. 

43 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 30,
 2023 
 Thunder
 Bridge Capital Partners IV, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 Gary A. Simanson 

Name: 
 Gary A. Simanson 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer
 and President 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Gary A. Simanson 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Gary
 A. Simanson 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 William A. Houlihan 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 William
 A. Houlihan 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 David E. Mangum 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 David
 E. Mangum 

/s/
 Robert Hartheimer 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Robert
 Hartheimer 

/s/
 Stewart J. Paperin 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Stewart
 J. Paperin 

/s/
 Allerd D. Stikker 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Allerd
 D. Stikker 

/s/
 Mary Anne Gillespie 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Mary
 Anne Gillespie 

44 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-5_thunder4.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTERED SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

As
of December 31, 2022, Thunder Bridge Capital Partners IV, Inc. we, our, us or the Company had the following three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ): (i) its units, consisting of one share of Class A common stock (as defined below) and one-fifth
 of one redeemable warrant (as defined below), with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class
A common stock (the units ), (ii) its Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share Class A common stock ),
and (iii) its public warrants, with each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per share (the warrants ). 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 220,000,000 shares of common stock, including 200,000,000
shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value, and 20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, and 1,000,000
shares of undesignated preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock
and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, our bylaws and our warrant agreement, each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the Report of which this Exhibit 4.5 is a part. 

Defined
terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Report. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one
share of Class A common stock and one fifth of one redeemable warrant. Only whole warrants are exercisable. Each whole warrant entitles
the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may
exercise his, her or its warrants only for a whole number of shares of common stock. 

Common stockholders of record
are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class A common stock and
holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders,
except as required by law. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of
more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive
ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

We will provide our stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us
to pay our taxes or for working capital purposes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations
described herein. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to validly
redeem its shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed
to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and placement shares and any public shares held by them in connection
with the completion of our initial business combination or certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
as described elsewhere in this prospectus. 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate
of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the
shares of common stock sold in the initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting
our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.
Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business
combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market.
Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the initial
business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose
such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Company after an initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all
assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock,
if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking
fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public
shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon the completion of our
initial business combination, subject to the limitations described in the Report. 

Redeemable Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles
the registered holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as
discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of July 2, 2022 or 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.
Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common
stock. 

The
warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

We
will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common
stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations
described below with respect to registration or a valid exemption from registration is available including in connection with a cashless
exercise. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a
warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under
the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately
preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant
and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event
that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants (and no valid exemption from registration is available), the
purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A
common stock underlying such unit. 

2 

We have agreed that as soon
as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best
efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants,
to cause such registration statement to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination
and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common
stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares
of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th business day after the
closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and
during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available,
holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. 

Redemption of warrants
when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call
the warrants for redemption: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption given after the warrants
 become exercisable (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder;
 and 

if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds
 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
 and the like and certain issuances of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities)
 for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing no earlier than the
 date the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before we send the notice
 of redemption to the warrant holders (the 30-day Reference Period ). 

If and when the warrants become
redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale
under all applicable state securities laws; provided, that we will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock
under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in the initial public offering. 

Redemption
of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00. Once the warrants become
exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption
 provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to
 redemption and receive that number of shares of Class A common stock to be determined
 by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market
 value of our Class A common stock, except as otherwise described below; 

if,
 and only if, the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds
 10.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
 and the like and certain issuances of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities)
 for any 20 trading days within the 30-day Reference Period; and 

if,
 and only if, the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds
 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
 and the like and certain issuances of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities)
 for any 20 trading days within the 30-day Reference Period, the placement warrants are
 also concurrently redeemed at the same price and terms as the outstanding public warrants
 (provided that the redemption may be on a cashless basis). 

3 

Beginning
on the date the notice of redemption is given until the warrants are redeemed or exercised, holders may elect to exercise their warrants
on a cashless basis. The numbers in the table below represent the number of shares of Class A common stock that a warrant holder
will receive upon exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market
value of our Class A common stock on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants
and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined based on the volume-weighted average price of the Class A
common stock for the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants,
and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the
table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day
period described above ends. 

Pursuant
to the warrant agreement, references above to Class A common stock shall include a security other than Class A common stock
into which the Class A common stock has been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial
business combination. The numbers in the table below will not be adjusted when determining the number of shares of Class A common
stock to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we are not the surviving entity following our initial business combination. 

The stock prices set forth
in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted for anti-dilution as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon
exercise of a warrant is adjusted. The adjusted stock prices in the column headings will equal the stock prices immediately prior to such
adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the exercise price of the warrant after such adjustment
and the denominator of which is the exercise price of the warrant immediately prior to such adjustment. In such an event, the number of
shares in the table below shall be adjusted by multiplying such share amounts by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares
deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable
upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. 

Redemption Date 
 Fair Market Value of Class A Common Stock 
 
 (period to expiration of warrants) 
 18.00 
 
 60 months 
 0.261 
 0.281 
 0.297 
 0.311 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 57 months 
 0.257 
 0.277 
 0.294 
 0.310 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 54 months 
 0.252 
 0.272 
 0.291 
 0.307 
 0.322 
 0.335 
 0.347 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 51 months 
 0.246 
 0.268 
 0.287 
 0.304 
 0.320 
 0.333 
 0.346 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 48 months 
 0.241 
 0.263 
 0.283 
 0.301 
 0.317 
 0.332 
 0.344 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 45 months 
 0.235 
 0.258 
 0.279 
 0.298 
 0.315 
 0.330 
 0.343 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 42 months 
 0.228 
 0.252 
 0.274 
 0.294 
 0.312 
 0.328 
 0.342 
 0.355 
 0.361 
 
 39 months 
 0.221 
 0.246 
 0.269 
 0.290 
 0.309 
 0.325 
 0.340 
 0.354 
 0.361 
 
 36 months 
 0.213 
 0.239 
 0.263 
 0.285 
 0.305 
 0.323 
 0.339 
 0.353 
 0.361 
 
 33 months 
 0.205 
 0.232 
 0.257 
 0.280 
 0.301 
 0.320 
 0.337 
 0.352 
 0.361 
 
 30 months 
 0.196 
 0.224 
 0.250 
 0.274 
 0.297 
 0.316 
 0.335 
 0.351 
 0.361 
 
 27 months 
 0.185 
 0.214 
 0.242 
 0.268 
 0.291 
 0.313 
 0.332 
 0.350 
 0.361 
 
 24 months 
 0.173 
 0.204 
 0.233 
 0.260 
 0.285 
 0.308 
 0.329 
 0.348 
 0.361 
 
 21 months 
 0.161 
 0.193 
 0.223 
 0.252 
 0.279 
 0.304 
 0.326 
 0.347 
 0.361 
 
 18 months 
 0.146 
 0.179 
 0.211 
 0.242 
 0.271 
 0.298 
 0.322 
 0.345 
 0.361 
 
 15 months 
 0.130 
 0.164 
 0.197 
 0.230 
 0.262 
 0.291 
 0.317 
 0.342 
 0.361 
 
 12 months 
 0.111 
 0.146 
 0.181 
 0.216 
 0.250 
 0.282 
 0.312 
 0.339 
 0.361 
 
 9 months 
 0.090 
 0.125 
 0.162 
 0.199 
 0.237 
 0.272 
 0.305 
 0.336 
 0.361 
 
 6 months 
 0.065 
 0.099 
 0.137 
 0.178 
 0.219 
 0.259 
 0.296 
 0.331 
 0.361 
 
 3 months 
 0.034 
 0.065 
 0.104 
 0.150 
 0.197 
 0.243 
 0.286 
 0.326 
 0.361 
 
 0 months 

0.042 
 0.115 
 0.179 
 0.233 
 0.281 
 0.323 
 0.361 

4 

The
exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between
two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of shares of Class A common
stock to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set
forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year,
as applicable. For example, if the volume-weighted average price of our Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending
on the third trading date prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11 per share,
and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption
feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 shares of Class A common stock for each whole warrant. For an example where the
exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume-weighted average price of our
Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading date prior to the date on which the notice of redemption
is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants,
holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 shares of Class A common
stock for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 shares
of Class A common stock per warrant. Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to
expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since
they will not be exercisable for any shares of Class A common stock. 

This
redemption feature differs from the typical warrant redemption features used in other blank check offerings, which typically only provide
for a redemption of warrants for cash (other than the private placement warrants) when the trading price for the Class A common
stock exceeds 18.00 per share for a specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding
warrants to be redeemed when the Class A common stock are trading at or above 10.00 per share, which may be at a time when the
trading price of our Class A common stock is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature
to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth
above under Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00. 
Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number
of shares representing fair value for their warrants based on a Black-Scholes option pricing model with a fixed volatility
input as of the date of this prospectus. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the
outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would
have been exercised or redeemed and we will be required to pay the redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this
redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest
to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure
to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. 

As
stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the shares of Class A common stock are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which
is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while
providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares of
Class A common stock. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the shares of Class A common stock are trading at a price below
the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer shares of Class A common stock than
they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for Class A common stock if and when such shares
of Class A common stock were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 

5 

No
fractional shares of Class A common stock will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive
a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of shares of Class A common stock
to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the Class A common
stock pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the
warrants may be exercised for such security. 

Redemption
Procedures . A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement
that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person
(together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 
or 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A common stock outstanding immediately after giving
effect to such exercise. 

Anti-Dilution Adjustments . The
warrants have certain anti-dilution and adjustments rights upon certain events. 

Registration. 
 The warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental, as warrant agent,
and us. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which was filed with the Registration Statement, for a complete description
of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant agreement provides that (a) the terms of the warrants may be
amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform
the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this prospectus,
or defective provision or (ii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant
agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the
rights of the registered holders of the warrants and (b) all other modifications or amendments require the vote or written consent
of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants and, with respect to any amendment that solely affects the terms of the
placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement solely with respect to the placement warrants will also require at least
a majority of the then outstanding placement warrants. 

6 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_thunder4.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Gary A. Simanson, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report
on Form 10-K of Thunder Bridge Capital Partners IV, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Gary A. Simanson 

Gary A. Simanson 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_thunder4.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, William A. Houlihan, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Thunder Bridge Capital Partners IV, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ William A. Houlihan 

William A. Houlihan 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_thunder4.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Thunder Bridge Capital Partners IV, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
I, Gary A. Simanson, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Gary A. Simanson 

Gary A. Simanson 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_thunder4.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Thunder Bridge Capital Partners IV, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
I, William A. Houlihan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ William A. Houlihan 

William A. Houlihan 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 thcp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 thcp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 thcp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 thcp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 thcp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

