<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_1411207_0000950170-23-002967.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22777881</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>261211</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3564470</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10518798</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2670526</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5224762</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-002967.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216085226
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-002967
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		134
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Allison Transmission Holdings Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001411207
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS & ACCESSORIES [3714]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35456
		FILM NUMBER:		23637278

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE ALLISON WAY
		CITY:			Indianapolis
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46222
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(317) 242-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE ALLISON WAY
		CITY:			Indianapolis
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46222

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-002967.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 alsn-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended , 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File No. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State of Incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices and Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates was approximately million as of June 30, 2022. 
 As of February 1, 2023, there were shares of Common Stock outstanding. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Table of Contents 
 
 IND EX 

Page 

PART I. 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 17 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 31 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 32 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 32 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 

PART II. 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 34 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 48 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 92 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 92 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 93 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 93 

PART III. 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 94 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 94 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 94 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 94 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 94 

PART IV. 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 95 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 98 

Signatures 
 99 

2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. The words believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate and other expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events and trends and that do not relate to historical matters identify forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although forward-looking statements reflect management s good faith beliefs, reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to: our participation in markets that are competitive; our ability to prepare for, respond to and successfully achieve our objectives relating to technological and market developments, competitive threats and changing customer needs, including with respect to electric hybrid and fully electric commercial vehicles; increases in cost, disruption of supply or shortage of labor, freight, raw materials, energy or components used to manufacture or transport our products or those of our customers or suppliers, including as a result of geopolitical risks, wars and pandemics; global economic volatility; general economic and industry conditions, including the risk of recession; labor strikes, work stoppages or similar labor disputes, which could significantly disrupt our operations or those of our principal customers or suppliers; the duration and spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, including new variants of the virus and the pace and availability of vaccines and boosters, mitigating efforts deployed by government agencies and the public at large, and the overall impact from such outbreak on economic conditions, financial market volatility and our business, including but not limited to the operations of our manufacturing and other facilities, the availability of labor, our supply chain, our distribution processes and demand for our products and the corresponding impacts to our net sales and cash flow; the highly cyclical industries in which certain of our end users operate; uncertainty in the global regulatory and business environments in which we operate; the concentration of our net sales in our top five customers and the loss of any one of these; the failure of markets outside North America to increase adoption of fully automatic transmissions; the success of our research and development efforts, the outcome of which is uncertain; U.S. and foreign defense spending; risks associated with our international operations, including acts of war and increased trade protectionism; the discovery of defects in our products, resulting in delays in new model launches, recall campaigns and/or increased warranty costs and reduction in future sales or damage to our brand and reputation; our ability to identify, consummate and effectively integrate acquisitions and collaborations; and risks related to our indebtedness. 
 Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations are disclosed under Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us, or persons acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements as well as other cautionary statements that are made from time to time in our other Securities and Exchange Commission filings or public communications. You should evaluate all forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in the context of these risks and uncertainties. 
 Certain Trademarks 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes trademarks, such as Allison Transmission, eGen Flex, eGen Power, FracTran, TerraTran, ReTran and Walker Die Casting, which are protected under applicable intellectual property laws and are our property and/or the property of our subsidiaries. This report also contains trademarks, service marks, copyrights and trade names of other companies, which are the property of their respective owners. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trademarks, service marks, copyrights or trade names to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. Solely for convenience, our trademarks and trade names referred to in this report may appear without the or TM symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensor to these trademarks and trade names. 
 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART I. 
 ITEM 1. Business 
 Overview 
 Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries Allison, the Company, we, us or our design and manufacture vehicle propulsion solutions, including commercial-duty on-highway, off-highway and defense fully automatic transmissions and electric hybrid and fully electric systems. The business was founded in 1915 and has been headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana since inception. Allison is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ALSN . 
 We have approximately 3,500 employees. Although approximately 74 of revenues were generated in North America in 2022, we have a global presence by serving customers in Asia, Europe, South America and Africa. We serve customers through an independent network of approximately 1,600 independent distributor and dealer locations worldwide. 
 Global markets continue to experience supply chain, labor, energy and raw material constraints as a result of global economic volatility, the war in Ukraine and the COVID-19 pandemic, that impacted our business in 2022 and continue to impact our business performance. As a result, during 2022 we experienced raw material and component part price inflation, increased freight and logistics costs, increased labor costs, production constraints due to labor shortages and increased foreign exchange volatility. In addition, our net sales for 2022 were negatively impacted as a result of our customers inability to secure components from the broader commercial vehicle supply base which resulted in reduced commercial vehicle build schedules and the inability of the commercial vehicle market to produce sufficient quantities to meet demand. We expect that commercial vehicle build schedules will continue to be negatively impacted by the availability of components in 2023. 
 Our Business 
 We are the world s largest manufacturer of fully automatic transmissions for medium- and heavy-duty commercial vehicles and medium- and heavy-tactical U.S. defense vehicles and a leader in electrified propulsion systems. Allison products are used in a wide variety of applications, including on-highway trucks (distribution, refuse, construction, fire and emergency), buses (primarily school and transit), motorhomes, off-highway vehicles and equipment (primarily energy, mining and construction applications) and defense vehicles (tactical wheeled and tracked). We believe the Allison brand is one of the most recognized in our industry as a result of the performance, reliability and fuel efficiency of our propulsion solutions and is associated with high quality, durability, vocational value, technological leadership and superior customer service. 
 We introduced the world s first fully automatic transmission for commercial vehicles over 75 years ago. Since that time, we have driven the trend in North America and other parts of the world towards increasing automaticity by targeting a diverse range of commercial vehicle vocations. Allison products are optimized for the unique performance requirements of end users, which typically vary by vocation. Our products are highly engineered, requiring advanced manufacturing processes, and employ complex software algorithms for our propulsion system controls to maximize end user performance. We have more than 200 different models that are compatible with more than 500 combinations of engine brands, models and ratings (including diesel, gasoline, natural gas and other alternative fuels). Additionally, we have created thousands of unique Allison-developed calibrations available to be used with our control modules. 
 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our Industry 
 Commercial vehicles typically employ one of three transmission types: manual, automated manual or fully automatic. Manual and automated manual transmissions AMT are the most prevalent transmission type used in Class 8 tractors in North America. Manual transmissions are the most prevalent in medium- and heavy-duty commercial vehicles, generally, outside North America. Manual transmissions utilize a disconnect clutch causing power to be interrupted during each gear shift resulting in energy loss-related inefficiencies and less work being accomplished for a given amount of fuel consumed. In long-distance trucking, this power interruption is not a significant factor, as the manual transmission provides its highest degree of fuel economy during steady-state cruising. However, steady-state cruising is only one part of the duty cycle. When the duty cycle requires a high degree of start and stop activity or speed transients, as is common in many vocations as well as in urban environments, we believe manual transmissions result in reduced performance, lower fuel efficiency, lower average speed for a given amount of fuel consumed and inferior ride quality. Moreover, the clutches must be replaced regularly, resulting in increased maintenance expense and vehicle downtime. Manual transmissions also require a skilled driver to operate the disconnect clutch when launching the vehicle and shifting gears. AMTs are manual transmissions that feature automated operation of the disconnect clutch. Fully automatic transmissions utilize technology that smoothly shifts gears instead of a disconnect clutch, thereby delivering uninterrupted power to the wheels during gear shifts and requiring minimal driver input. These transmissions deliver superior acceleration, higher productivity, increased fuel efficiency, reduced operating costs, less driveline shock and smoother shifting relative to both manual transmissions and AMTs in vocations with a high degree of start and stop activity, as well as in urban environments. 
 Emerging technologies in commercial-duty propulsion solutions include electric hybrid and fully electric propulsion solutions in certain end markets and are in part driven by efforts to reduce fuel consumption, noise and greenhouse gas emissions. Fully electric powertrains differ from electric hybrid powertrains because they only propel the vehicle with an electric motor; while electric hybrids generally utilize both a conventional internal combustion power source and powertrain as well as the means to propel the vehicle electrically. While both emerging technologies are gaining use in automotive markets and electric hybrids and fully electric propulsion solutions have gained use in the bus market, fully electric propulsion solutions remain in a developmental phase in the medium- and heavy-duty commercial vehicle market. 
 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our Served Markets 
 We sell our propulsion solutions globally for use in medium- and heavy-duty on-highway commercial vehicles, off-highway vehicles and equipment and defense vehicles. In addition to the sale of propulsion solutions, we also sell branded replacement parts, support equipment, aluminum die cast components and other products necessary to service the installed base of vehicles utilizing our solutions. The following table provides a summary of our business by end market, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

NORTH AMERICA 

OUTSIDE NORTH AMERICA 

END MARKET 

ON- HIGHWAY 

OFF- HIGHWAY 

ON- HIGHWAY 

OFF- HIGHWAY 

DEFENSE 

SERVICE PARTS, SUPPORT EQUIPMENT OTHER 

2022 NET SALES (IN MILLIONS) 

1,359 

86 

463 

127 

146 

588 

OF TOTAL 

49 

3 

17 

5 

5 

21 

Construction Day Cab Tractors Distribution Emergency Motorhome Refuse School, transit, shuttle and coach buses Utility 

Construction Energy Mining Specialty vehicle 

Construction Distribution Emergency Mining Refuse School, transit, shuttle and coach buses Specialty Utility 

Construction Energy Mining Specialty vehicle 

North America medium- and heavy-tactical wheeled platforms Global tracked combat platforms 

Aluminum die cast components Extended transmission coverage Remanufactured transmissions Royalties Saleable engineering Service parts Support equipment Transmission fluids 

Refer to Note 19. Concentration of Risk in Part II, Item 8., of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on our significant original equipment manufacturer OEM customers. 
 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 North America 
 On-Highway. We are the largest manufacturer of fully automatic transmissions for the on-highway medium- and heavy-duty commercial vehicle market in North America. The following is a summary of our on-highway net sales by vehicle class in North America. 
 
 Our core North American on-highway market includes Class 4-5, Class 6-7 and Class 8 straight trucks, conventional transit, shuttle and coach buses, school buses and motorhomes. Class 8 trucks are subdivided into two markets: straight and tractor (which includes both line-haul and regional haul day cab tractors). Class 8 straight trucks are those with a unified body (e.g., refuse, construction, and dump trucks), while tractors have a vehicle chassis that is separable from the trailer they pull. We have been supplying transmissions for Class 8 straight trucks for decades, and it is a core end market for us. We have limited exposure to the Class 8 line-haul tractor market because lower priced manual transmissions and AMTs generally meet the needs of these vehicles which are primarily used in long distance hauling. 
 We also provide electric hybrid and fully electric propulsion solutions within the North American on-highway market. The interest in conserving fuel and reducing greenhouse gas emissions is driving demand for more fuel-efficient commercial vehicles. Our electric hybrid and fully electric propulsion customers include bus and truck applications. We compete primarily with BAE Systems plc and manufacturers of fully electric propulsion solutions such as Dana Incorporated Dana and Cummins, Inc. as well as certain vertically integrated OEMs. 
 We sell substantially all of our propulsion solutions in the North American on-highway market to OEMs. These OEMs, in turn, install our propulsion solutions in vehicles in which our product is either the exclusive propulsion solution available or is specifically requested by end users. In 2022, OEM customers representing over 90 of our North American on-highway unit volume participated in long-term agreements LTAs with us. Generally, these LTAs offer the OEM customer defined levels of mutual commitment with respect to growing Allison s presence in the OEMs products and promotional efforts, pricing and sharing of commodity cost risk. The length of our LTAs is typically between three and five years. We often compete in this market against independent manufacturers of manual transmissions, AMTs, electric hybrid and fully electric propulsion solutions, fully automatic transmissions manufactured by Ford Motor Company Ford ), ZF Friedrichshafen AG ZF and Voith GmbH Voith and against vertically integrated OEMs in certain weight classes that use their own internally manufactured transmissions in certain vehicles. 
 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following table presents a summary of our market share by vehicle class in the North America On-Highway end market. 

CLASS 4-5 TRUCKS 

MOTOR HOME 

SCHOOL BUS 

CLASS 6-7 TRUCKS 

CLASS 8 STRAIGHT TRUCKS 

CLASS 8 DAY CAB 

2022 SHARE 
 13 

44 

85 

79 

78 

5 

Off-Highway. We have provided products used in vehicles and equipment that serve energy, mining and construction applications in North America for over 70 years. Off-highway energy applications include hydraulic fracturing equipment, well-stimulation equipment, pumping equipment, and well-servicing rigs, which often use a fully automatic transmission in stationary pumping applications. We supply our heavy duty off-highway transmissions to producers of well-stimulation and well-servicing equipment. Competition in this end market includes Caterpillar Inc. Caterpillar and Twin Disc, Inc. Twin Disc ). 
 We also provide heavy-duty transmissions used in mining trucks, specialty vehicles and construction vehicles. Off-highway mining and construction applications include trucks used to haul various commodities and other products around construction sites and mines, including underground mines. These trucks include rigid dump trucks, wide-body dump trucks, underground trucks, and long-haul tractor trailer trucks with load capacities between 40 to 110 tons. Our major competitors in this end market include vertically integrated companies that manufacture fully automatic transmissions for their vehicles. These vertically integrated competitors include Caterpillar, Komatsu Ltd. Komatsu ), and Volvo Group Volvo ). We also compete with independent manufacturers ZF and Dana. Specialty vehicles using our heavy-duty off-highway transmissions include airport rescue and firefighting vehicles. Our major competitor in this end market is Twin Disc. 
 Outside North America 
 Outside North America we serve several different markets, including: Asia-Pacific, Europe, Middle East, Africa (collectively, EMEA ), and South America. 
 On-Highway. We are the largest manufacturer of fully automatic transmissions for the commercial vehicle market outside of North America. We also provide electric hybrid and fully electric propulsion solutions within the outside North America on-highway market. While the use of fully automatic transmissions in the medium- and heavy-duty commercial vehicle market has been widely accepted in North America, markets outside North America continue to be dominated by manual transmissions. Where adopted, fully automatic transmission-equipped medium- and heavy-duty commercial vehicles are concentrated in certain vocational end markets. We often compete in this market against independent manufacturers of manual transmissions, AMTs, electric hybrid and fully electric propulsion solutions, fully automatic transmissions manufactured by ZF, Voith, and Shaanxi Fast Gear Co., Ltd. and against vertically integrated OEMs. The following is a summary of our on-highway net sales by region outside of North America. 
 8 
 
 Table of Contents 

Asia-Pacific. Our key Asia-Pacific markets include China, Japan, South Korea, Australia and India; however, we actively participate in several other important Asia-Pacific countries including Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, Taiwan and Thailand. In addition, OEMs in the Asia-Pacific market are increasingly exporting their products to other regions. Within Asia-Pacific, our sales efforts are principally focused on the transit bus, vocational truck, severe service and distribution markets. Currently, manual transmissions are the predominant transmissions used in commercial vehicles in the Asia-Pacific region. In China, government subsidies and regulations by governmental entities continue to drive the development and adoption of fully electric propulsion solutions for use in the bus and truck markets. 
 Europe, Middle East, Africa . EMEA is composed of several different markets, each of which differs from our core North American market by the degree of market maturity, sophistication and acceptance of fully automatic transmission and electric propulsion solution technology. Within Europe, we serve Western European developed markets, as well as Eastern European emerging markets, principally in the refuse, emergency, transit bus, coach bus, distribution and utility markets. Competition in Western Europe is most notably characterized by a high level of vertical powertrain integration, with OEMs often utilizing their own manual transmissions and AMTs in their vehicles, and electric hybrid and fully electric propulsion solutions. The Middle East and Africa regions are generally characterized by very limited local vehicle production, with imports from China, Europe, India, South America, Turkey and the U.S. accounting for the majority of vehicles. 
 South America . The South American region is characterized by a high level of OEM vertical integration, with captive manual transmission and AMT manufacturing. Currently, manual transmissions are the predominant transmissions used in commercial vehicles in South America. We serve the South American region primarily in the bus, refuse, vocational truck and agricultural markets. 
 9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Off-Highway. The following is a summary of our off-highway net sales by region outside of North America. 

Asia-Pacific . Off-highway markets in Asia are shared by energy, mining and construction applications. Our primary competitors are Caterpillar, Danyang Winstar Auto Parts Co., Ltd., Twin Disc and manufacturers of electrified solutions in energy applications; Caterpillar, Xi an FC Intelligence Transmission Co. Ltd. and Komatsu in mining applications; and Caterpillar, Volvo and ZF in construction applications. 
 Europe, Middle East, Africa. Our off-highway markets in EMEA are mining and construction. Our major off-highway competitors are Caterpillar and Komatsu, both of which are vertically integrated manufacturers of off-highway mining vehicles, including the specific fully automatic transmission used in their mining trucks. A typical construction application is a rigid or articulated dump truck, with competition from Caterpillar, Dana, Volvo and ZF. 
 Defense 
 We have a long-standing relationship with the U.S. Department of Defense (the DOD dating back to 1946, when we began developing our first-generation tank transmission. Today, we sell substantially all of the propulsion solutions for medium- and heavy-tactical wheeled vehicles used by the U.S. military, including the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle, Light Armored Vehicle, Stryker Armored Vehicle, the Family of Medium Tactical Vehicles, Heavy Expanded Mobility Tactical Trucks, Palletized Loading Systems, Heavy Dump Trucks and Heavy Equipment Transporters. Propulsion solutions for tactical wheeled vehicles are typically sold to OEMs. 
 We supply tracked vehicle propulsion solutions to the U.S. Army, including the Abrams M1A2 Main Battle Tank, Joint Assault Bridge, Assault Breacher Vehicles, Mobile Protected Firepower Assault Vehicles and the M113A3 Armored Personnel Carrier family of vehicles. We also sell parts kits to the U.S. Army for Abrams Tank sustainment. See Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of risks associated with our contracts with the DOD. 
 We have defense products in 110 countries around the world. Increasingly, we are supplying vehicle propulsion solutions for international tracked vehicles, such as light tracked personnel carriers, armored fighting vehicles, heavy tracked artillery systems, and Main Battle Tanks. Our defense products are manufactured at our headquarters in Indianapolis and by our licensees internationally for export world-wide. 
 10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Globally, we face competition primarily from Renk AG/Renk America, SAPA S.p.A, ST Kinetics and QinetiQ Group plc for supply of tracked vehicle propulsion solutions. Additionally, we face competition from ZF in certain defense wheeled vehicles using automatic transmissions and from several AMT suppliers. 
 Service Parts, Support Equipment and Other 
 Our service parts, support equipment and other end market is comprised of: Allison-branded service parts and transmission fluids, aluminum die cast components, extended transmission coverage, remanufactured transmissions, royalties, saleable engineering and support equipment. The aftermarket provides us with a relatively stable source of revenues as the installed base of vehicles and equipment utilizing our solutions continues to grow. The need for replacement parts is driven by normal vehicle and equipment maintenance requirements. Uninterrupted operation is generally critical for end users profitability. 
 The sale of Allison-branded parts and fluids, remanufactured transmissions and support equipment is fundamental to our brand promise. We have assembled a worldwide network of approximately 1,600 independent distributor and dealer locations to sell, service and support our solutions. As part of our brand strategy, our distributors and dealers are required to sell genuine Allison-branded parts. Within the aftermarket, we offer remanufactured transmissions under our ReTran brand, which provides a cost-effective alternative for transmission repairs and replacements. We also provide support equipment to our OEMs to assist in installing new Allison solutions into vehicles, and, therefore, sales of support equipment are dependent upon sales of new solutions. The competition for service parts and ReTran transmissions comes from a variety of smaller-scale companies sourcing non-genuine will-fit parts from unauthorized manufacturers. These will-fit parts often do not meet our product specifications, and therefore may be of lesser quality than genuine Allison parts. 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our Product Offerings 
 Allison transmissions and electric propulsion solutions are sold under the Allison Transmission brand name and remanufactured transmissions are sold under the ReTran brand name. The following is a summary of our product lines. 

On-Highway Products 

Product 
 
 Applications 

1000 Series 
 
 Distribution Motorhome Refuse School and Shuttle Bus 
 Services Specialty Wheeled Defense 

2000 Series 
 
 Distribution Motorhome Refuse School and Shuttle Bus 
 Services Specialty Wheeled Defense 

3000 Series 
 
 Coach and Transit Bus Construction Day Cab Tractors Distribution Fire and Emergency 
 Motorhome Refuse Services Specialty Wheeled Defense 

4000 Series 
 
 Articulated and Wide Body Mining Dump Trucks Coach and Transit Bus Construction Day Cab Tractors Distribution 
 Fire and Emergency Motorhome Refuse Specialty Wheeled Defense 

eGen Flex Electric Hybrid Propulsion Solutions 
 
 Transit and Shuttle Bus 

eGen Power Fully Electric Propulsion Solutions 
 
 Coach and Transit Bus Day Cab Tractors Distribution Fire and Emergency 
 Line-Haul Tractors Refuse School and Shuttle Bus 

Off-Highway Products 

Product 
 
 Applications 

5000 Series 
 
 Rigid and Articulated Dump Truck Underground Mine Truck Well Service Rigs 

6000 Series 
 
 Rigid and Articulated Dump Truck Underground Mine Truck Well Service Rigs 

8000 Series 
 
 Hydraulic Fracturing Equipment Rigid Dump Trucks 

9000 Series 
 
 Hydraulic Fracturing Equipment Rigid Dump Trucks 

FracTran 
 
 Hydraulic Fracturing Equipment 

Defense Products 

Product 
 
 Applications 

X200 
 
 Tracked Vehicles 

3040MX 
 
 Tracked Vehicles 

X1100 
 
 Tracked Vehicles 

12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Product Development and Engineering 
 We maintain product development and engineering capability dedicated to the design, development, refinement and support of our fully automatic transmissions and electric hybrid and fully electric propulsion systems. We believe our customers expect our products to provide unparalleled performance and value defined in various ways, including delivering maximum cargo in minimum time, using the least amount of fuel possible while employing the fewest vehicles possible and experiencing maximum vehicle uptime. In response to those needs and the evolving customer focus on fuel efficiency and reduced emissions, we provide vehicle specification guidelines, propulsion control software and mechanical components to optimize fuel economy while delivering desired vehicle performance. 
 Further, we are developing new products and technology to improve the fuel efficiency and fuel economy of our conventional products, including by allowing engines to operate more efficiently and at lower speeds to avoid consuming fuel without compromising performance, and to expand our portfolio of electric hybrid and fully electric propulsion solutions. Some examples of these development efforts in 2022 include the expansion of our eGen portfolio of electric propulsion solutions through the addition of the 130S fully electric axle and the eGen Flex, our next generation electric hybrid system capable of full electric vehicle operation for up to 50 of a bus s route depending on duty-cycle. Our product development and engineering efforts in 2022 also extended into our off-highway and Defense end-markets through the launch of FracTran, a more efficient and higher-horsepower hydraulic fracturing transmission, and the development of eGen Force, a new cross-drive transmission for tracked applications that enables electric hybrid propulsion and electric only silent maneuverability. In 2022, we also began production of our next generation of electronic controls that are capable of delivering advanced communications, functional safety, cybersecurity and over-the-air programming. 
 Sales and Marketing Organization 
 Our sales and marketing effort is organized along geographic and customer lines and is comprised of marketing, sales and service professionals, supported by application engineers worldwide. In North America, selling efforts in the on-highway end market are organized by distributor area responsibility, OEM sales and, for our large end users, national accounts. Outside North America, we manage our sales, marketing, service and application engineering professionals through regional areas of responsibility. These regional management teams distribute OEM service and application engineering resources globally. We manage our defense products sales, marketing and service geographically, with North America and Outside North America sales supported by application engineering through professionals based in Indianapolis, Indiana. 
 We have developed a marketing strategy to reach OEM customers as well as end users. We target our end users primarily through marketing activities by our sales staff, who directly call on end users and attend local trade shows, targeting specific vocations globally and through our plant tour programs, where end users may test our products on our Indianapolis test track and our enhanced customer experience demonstration track at our Hungary facility. 
 While our marketing management uses the term customer interchangeably for OEMs and end users, the primary objective of our marketing strategy is to create demand for propulsion solutions through: 
 OEM promotion of our products and incorporation of our propulsion solutions in their commercial vehicle product offerings; 

Allison representative and/or Allison distributor contact with identified, major end users; and 

Our network of independent dealers who contact other end users. 

The process is interactive, as Allison representatives, Allison distributors, OEMs and dealers educate customers and respond to the specific applications, requirements and needs of numerous specialty markets. 
 13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Similarly, we work with customers, dealers and OEMs to educate, improve and simplify how they specify vehicles and vehicle systems in order to optimize vehicle performance and fuel consumption. Our field organization also works closely with distributors who, in turn, work with dealers to provide end users with education, parts, service and warranty support. The defense group focuses on industry OEMs and collaborative dialogue with OEMs and government leaders to understand program requirements and determine our long-term product development strategy. 
 Manufacturing 
 Our manufacturing strategy provides for distributed capability in manufacturing and assembly of our products for the global commercial vehicle market. Our primary manufacturing facilities, located in Indianapolis, Indiana, consist of approximately 2.3 million square feet of usable manufacturing space in six plants. Our high volume on-highway products are produced in multiple global locations (United States, Chennai, India and Szentgotthard, Hungary), while off-highway, electric hybrid propulsion and defense tracked products are produced in Indianapolis and fully electric propulsion solutions are produced in Auburn Hills, Michigan. In addition, our aluminum die cast components are produced in Lewisburg, Tennessee. We also have established customization and parts distribution in the United States, the Netherlands, Brazil, China, Hungary, India and Japan. 
 Suppliers and Raw Materials 
 A significant amount of the part numbers that make up our propulsion solutions are purchased from outside suppliers, and during 2022, we purchased approximately 969 million of direct materials and components from outside suppliers. The largest elements of our direct spending are aluminum and steel castings and forgings that are formed by our suppliers into our larger components and assemblies for use in our propulsion solutions. Our spending on aluminum and steel raw materials directly and indirectly through our purchase of these components constituted approximately 22 of our direct material and component costs in 2022. The balance of our direct and indirect materials and components costs are primarily composed of value-added services and conversion costs. Our supply contracts, along with an intensive supplier selection and performance monitoring process, have enabled us to establish and maintain close relationships with suppliers and have contributed to our overall operating efficiency and quality. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Patents, trademarks, and other proprietary rights are important to the continued success of our business. We also rely upon trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation and licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our competitive position. We protect our proprietary rights through a variety of methods, including confidentiality agreements and proprietary information agreements with suppliers, employees, consultants and others who may have access to our proprietary information. We own and have licensing arrangements for a number of U.S. and foreign patents related to our products and business. We do not consider our business to be dependent on any single patent, nor will the expiration of any single patent materially affect our business. Our current patents will expire over various periods and we continue to file new patent applications on newly-developed technology. 
 Seasonality 
 Overall, the demand for our products is relatively consistent over the year. However, in typical market conditions, the North American truck market experiences a higher level of production in the first half of the year due to fewer holidays and the practice of plant shutdowns in July and December. Due to ongoing supply chain and labor constraints caused by global economic volatility, the war in Ukraine and the COVID-19 pandemic, demand for our products may not align with the demand we have experienced during typical market conditions. 
 14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Human Capital 
 At Allison, we believe in the power of our people, our processes and our products. For more than 105 years, we have built our business on these values: Quality, Customer Focus, Integrity, Innovation, and Teamwork. We use a variety of human capital measures in managing our business, including: workforce demographics; inclusion and diversity; and employee health and safety. 
 Workforce Demographics . Our people continue to be a critical component in our continued success, the delivery of our values and the execution of our growth initiatives. As of December 31, 2022, we had a highly skilled workforce of approximately 3,500 employees, with approximately 89 of those employees in the U.S. Approximately 46 of our U.S. employees are represented by the International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America UAW and are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. In December 2017, we entered into a six-year collective bargaining agreement with UAW Local 933 that expires in November 2023. There have been no strikes or work stoppages due to Allison-specific issues in over 40 years. 
 Inclusion and Diversity . Allison recognizes the power of different thought, accepts and respects each individual and strives to create an inclusive workplace where everyone can reach their full potential, driving innovation and business results. Our inclusion and diversity efforts in 2022 included the participation by employees in unconscious bias training, continuing our speaker series to facilitate dialogue about inclusion and diversity, continuing to increase our focus on the recruitment of underrepresented groups including by participating in career fairs with Historically Black Colleges and Universities, Hispanic institutions, veterans and people with disabilities and continuing our virtual mentoring program to connect team members from different offices, departments and backgrounds. 
 
 Employee Health Safety . Allison s overriding priority is to protect the health and safety of each employee. As part of our health and safety programs , employees participate in training focused on this topic and metrics are reviewed regularly, including the number of injury incidents that occur and those incidents that result in lost work days. For 2022, we achieved an overall recordable rate of 2.26, meaning that for every 100 employees, 2.26 employees incurred an injury that resulted in recordable medical treatment and the number of lost work days was 0.87, meaning that for every 100 employees, 0.87 individuals experienced an incident that resulted in days away from work. 
 Government Regulations 
 We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air or water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances or wastes, and the cleanup of contaminated sites. Some of our operations require environmental permits and controls to prevent and reduce air and water pollution. These permits are subject to modification, renewal and revocation by issuing authorities. In addition, certain of our products and our customer s products are subject to certification requirements by a variety of regulatory bodies. We believe we are in substantial compliance with all material environmental laws and regulations applicable to our plants and operations. Historically, our annual costs of achieving and maintaining compliance with environmental, health and safety requirements have not been material to our financial results. 
 15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Increasing global efforts to control emissions of carbon dioxide, methane, ozone, nitrogen oxide and other greenhouse gases and pollutants, as well as the shifting focus of regulatory efforts towards total emissions output, have the potential to impact our facilities, costs, products and customers. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has taken action to control greenhouse gases from certain stationary and mobile sources. In addition, several states have taken steps, such as adoption of cap and trade programs or other regulatory systems, to address greenhouse gases. There have also been international efforts seeking legally binding reductions in emissions of greenhouse gases. These developments and further actions that may be taken in the U.S. and in other countries, states or provinces could affect our operations both positively and negatively (e.g., by affecting the demand for or suitability of some of our products). 
 We also may be subject to liability as a potentially responsible party under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act and similar state or foreign laws for contaminated properties that we currently own, lease or operate or that we or our predecessors have previously owned, leased or operated, and sites to which we or our predecessors sent hazardous substances. Such liability may be joint and several so that we may be liable for more than our share of any contamination, and any such liability may be determined without regard to causation or knowledge of contamination. We or our predecessors have been named potentially responsible parties at contaminated sites from time to time. We do not anticipate our liabilities relating to contaminated sites will be material to our financial results. 
 Competition 
 We compete on the basis of product performance, quality, price, distribution capability, service and fuel efficiency, in addition to other factors. We face competition from numerous manufacturers of various types of propulsion solutions for commercial vehicles. Furthermore, we face an increasing amount of competition from vertical integration, as some of our customers are OEMs that manufacture propulsion solutions for their own products. Despite their propulsion solutions manufacturing capabilities, we believe that our existing OEM customers have chosen to purchase certain propulsion solutions from us due to the quality, reliability and strong brand of our propulsion solutions and in order to limit fixed costs, minimize production risks and maintain company focus on commercial vehicle design, production and marketing. 
 Corporate Information 
 Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware on June 22, 2007. Our principal executive offices are located at One Allison Way, Indianapolis, IN 46222 and our telephone number is (317) 242-5000. Our internet address is www.allisontransmission.com. We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other documents with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These periodic and current reports and all amendments to those reports are available free of charge on the investor relations page of our website at https://ir.allisontransmission.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. We have included our website address throughout this filing as textual references only. The information contained on, or accessible through, our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. 
 16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 The following is a cautionary discussion of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that we believe are material to our business. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following are the material factors that, individually or in the aggregate, we believe could make our actual results differ materially from those described in any forward-looking statements. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 We participate in markets that are competitive, and our competitors actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our business operates in competitive markets. We compete against other existing or new global manufacturers of transmissions and propulsion solutions for commercial vehicles on the basis of product performance, quality, price, distribution capability, service and fuel efficiency in addition to other factors. In addition, we compete with manufacturers developing alternative technologies, including fully electric propulsion solutions, that may or may not require a transmission. A focus on climate change and environmental sustainability, including through regulations enacted and subsidies offered by governmental entities, continues to drive the development and adoption of various alternative technologies, including electric propulsion solutions, in the commercial vehicle industry. If the pace of adoption of electric vehicles proceeds faster than we are anticipating, we may not be in a position to meet customer demand or our competitors may be better positioned to meet customer demand, which may result in a decline in our market share or negatively impact our ability to execute our growth initiatives. Actions by our competitors or accelerated adoption of electric vehicles, in particular if our competitors are able to develop, validate and release new technologies more quickly than we do, could also lead to downward pressure on prices and/or a decline in our market share, either or both of which could adversely affect our results. 
 In addition, some of our customers or future customers are OEMs that manufacture or could in the future manufacture transmissions, propulsion solutions or alternate technologies, including electric propulsion solutions, for their own products. Despite their manufacturing capabilities, our existing OEM customers have chosen to purchase certain transmissions and propulsion solutions from us due to end user demand. However, we cannot be certain these customers will continue to purchase our products in the future. Increased levels of production insourcing by these customers could result from a number of factors, such as shifts in our customers business strategies, acquisition by a customer of another transmission or propulsion solution manufacturer, the inability of third-party suppliers to meet specifications and the emergence of low-cost production opportunities in foreign countries. As a result, these OEMs may use products produced internally or by another manufacturer and no longer choose to purchase products from us. A significant reduction in the level of external sourcing by our OEM customers could significantly impact our net sales and cash flows and, accordingly, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Increases in cost, disruption of supply or shortage of raw materials or components used in our products could harm our business and profitability. 
 Our products contain various raw materials, including corrosion-resistant steel, non-ferrous metals such as aluminum and nickel, and precious metals such as platinum and palladium. We use raw materials directly in manufacturing and in components that we purchase from our suppliers. We generally purchase components with significant raw material content on the open market. The prices for and availability of these raw materials fluctuate depending on market conditions. Volatility in the prices of raw materials such as steel, aluminum and nickel could increase the cost of manufacturing our products. Additionally, our suppliers are also subject to fluctuations in the prices of raw materials and may attempt to pass all or a portion of such increases on to us. In the event they are successful in doing so, our margins would decline. Industry-wide shortages of raw materials have continued to 
 17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 occur in 2022, which led to increased raw material price volatility and cost increases, which we expect to continue in 2023. We may not be able to pass on these costs to our customers, and this could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Even in the event that increased costs can be passed through to customers, our gross margin percentages would decline as the recovery of these costs from customers generally lags six to twelve months. 
 In 2022, approximately 75 of our total spending on components was sourced from approximately 40 suppliers, many of which are the single source for such components. All of the suppliers from which we purchase materials and components used in our business are fully validated suppliers, meaning the suppliers manufacturing processes and inputs have been validated under a production part approval process PPAP ). Furthermore, there are only a limited number of suppliers for certain of the materials used in our business, such as corrosion-resistant steel. As a result, our business is subject to the risk of additional price fluctuations and periodic delays in the delivery of our materials or components if supplies from a validated supplier are interrupted and a new supplier, if one is available, must be validated or materials and components must be purchased from a supplier without a completed PPAP, which could increase our risk of purchasing non-conforming components. Any such price fluctuations or delays, if significant, could harm our profitability or operations. In addition, the loss of a supplier could result in significant material cost increases or reduce our production capacity. 
 We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, delays in the availability and receipt of raw materials and component parts as a result of global economic uncertainty, the war in Ukraine and the COVID-19 pandemic, some of which have materially impacted, and may continue to materially impact, our ability to meet customer demand. We also cannot guarantee we will be able to maintain favorable arrangements and relationships with these suppliers. An increase in the cost or a sustained interruption in the supply or shortage of some of these raw materials or components that may be caused by a deterioration of our relationships with suppliers or by events such as natural disasters and extreme weather events which may increase in frequency and intensity as a result of climate change, power outages, labor strikes and public health crisis such as pandemics and epidemics or the like could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Although we have agreements with many of our customers that we will pass such price increases through to them, such contracts may be canceled by our customers and/or we may not be able to recoup the costs of such price increases. Additionally, if we are unable to continue to purchase our required quantities of raw materials on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, if we are unable to maintain or enter into purchasing contracts for commodities, or if delivery of materials or component parts from suppliers is delayed or non-conforming, our operations could be disrupted, we may not be able to meet customer demand, and our profitability and our financial results may be materially impacted. 
 Labor cost inflation, employee attraction and retention or labor unrest could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 46 of our U.S. employees, representing approximately 41 of our total employees, were represented by the UAW and are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. Our current collective bargaining agreement with UAW Local 933 is effective through November 2023. Any new collective bargaining agreement we negotiate with the UAW to replace the existing collective bargaining agreement upon its expiration may result in increased costs to us, in particular labor costs, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition to our unionized work force, many of our direct and indirect customers and vendors have unionized work forces. Strikes, work stoppages or slowdowns experienced by these customers or vendors or their other suppliers could result in slowdowns or closings of assembly plants that use our products or supply materials for use in the production of our products. Organizations responsible for shipping our products may also be impacted by strikes. Any interruption in the delivery of our products could reduce demand for our products and could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In general, we consider our labor relations with all of our employees to be good. However, in the future we may be subject to labor unrest. If strikes, work stoppages or lock-outs at our facilities or at the facilities of our vendors or customers occur or continue for a long period of time, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. 
 Our success depends on our ability to identify, recruit and retain highly skilled, qualified personnel, and there is currently increased competition for talent. We have experienced labor shortages and wage inflation amid low levels of unemployment and workforce availability. As a result, we may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel, which may impact our ability to manufacture, design and develop our propulsion solutions and to compete effectively. In addition, we may continue to experience increased labor costs, which may impact our results of operations. 
 Prolonged inflation could result in higher costs and decreased margins and earnings. 
 Recent inflationary pressures have resulted in increased raw material, labor, energy, freight and logistics expenses and other costs, which impacted our margins in 2022 and may continue to adversely affect our results of operations. If our costs are subject to continuing significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability to do so could harm our results of operation. 
 Geopolitical risks, including the war in Ukraine, may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial conditions, including on the availability of raw materials for our products or component parts, our supply chain, our customers and our long-term sales opportunities. 
 Political, economic and other conditions in foreign countries and regions, including geopolitical risks such as escalating tensions between China and western countries and the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine, may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. As a result of Russia s invasion of Ukraine and actions by the U.S. and other governments to implement sanctions against Russia, as well as certain businesses, individuals and banks in Russia, we have suspended indefinitely all sales and exports of our products to customers in Russia and Belarus and Russian- and Belarusian-affiliated, owned or controlled entities. These actions did not have a material impact on our net sales in 2022 and are not expected to have a material impact on our net sales in 2023. However, the duration of the war in Ukraine, its impact on the regional and global economy, and the breadth, severity and duration of sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other governments is uncertain. An extended war could impact our ability or those of our suppliers or customers to obtain certain raw materials or component parts and could limit the availability and cost of energy throughout Europe, which could increase our costs, impact our ability to deliver our products or reduce customer demand. In addition, certain of our competitors may continue to sell products in Russia during this time, which may have a negative impact on our long-term sales opportunities in Russia. Since the beginning of the war in Ukraine, we have also experienced, and may continue to experience, an increase in cybersecurity attacks, which, if successful, may harm our business. 
 Volatility in and disruption to the global economic environment, including the impact of an economic recession, and changes in the regulatory and business environments in which we operate may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Increasing inflation, geopolitical risks and supply chain, labor and energy constraints have caused and may continue to cause volatility in and disruption to the global economic environment. Historically, the commercial vehicle industry as a whole has been more adversely affected by volatile economic conditions, such as a recession, than many other industries, as the purchase or replacement of commercial vehicles, which are durable items, can be deferred for many reasons, including reduced spending by end users. Future changes in the regulatory and business environments in which we operate, including increased geopolitical risks, trade protectionism and tariffs, may adversely affect our ability to sell our products or source materials needed to manufacture our products. 
 19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Furthermore, financial instability or bankruptcy at any of our suppliers or customers could disrupt our ability to manufacture our products and impair our ability to collect receivables, any or all of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, some of our customers and suppliers may experience serious cash flow problems and, thus, may find it difficult to obtain financing, if financing is available at all. As a result, our customers need for and ability to purchase our products or services may decrease, and our suppliers may increase their prices, reduce their output or change their terms of sale. Any inability of customers to pay us for our products and services, or any demands by suppliers for different payment terms, may materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, our suppliers may not be successful in generating sufficient sales or securing alternate financing arrangements, and therefore may no longer be able to supply goods and services to us. In that event, we would need to find alternate sources for these goods and services, and there is no assurance we would be able to find such alternate sources on favorable terms, if at all. Any such disruption in our supply chain could adversely affect our ability to manufacture and deliver our products on a timely basis, and thereby affect our results of operations. 
 Our financial condition and results of operations have been and may continue to be materially adversely affected by pandemics, including the coronavirus pandemic. 
 The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy continued to have an impact on commercial vehicle production schedules, which impacted the sales of our products and our results of operations during 2022. While we continued to experience a recovery in demand for our products during 2022, ongoing supply chain, labor, raw material, energy, freight and logistics constraints have negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, the sales of our products, costs and our results of operations. In addition, future pandemic-related impacts on the global economy, including inflation, may continue to adversely impact our business and results of operations. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to adversely impact our business depends on future developments, which are highly uncertain and unpredictable, including the severity and duration of the outbreak, emerging variants of the virus that may be more contagious than current variants and the actions taken by governments to contain or mitigate its effects, including the availability, pace of distribution, acceptance of and effectiveness of vaccines. Any future financial impact cannot be estimated reasonably at this time, but may materially adversely affect our business, supply chain, sales, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Certain of our end users operate in highly cyclical industries, which can result in uncertainty and significantly impact the demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Some of the markets in which we operate, including energy, mining, construction, distribution and motorhomes, exhibit a high degree of cyclicality. Decisions to purchase our products are largely a result of the performance of these and other industries we serve. If demand for output in these industries decreases, the demand for our products will likely decrease. Demand in these industries is impacted by numerous factors, including prices of commodities, rates of infrastructure spending, housing starts, real estate equity values, interest rates, consumer spending, fuel costs, energy demands, municipal spending, commercial construction and global pandemics, among others. Increases or decreases in these variables globally may significantly impact the demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to accurately predict demand, we may be unable to meet our customers needs, resulting in the loss of potential sales, or we may manufacture excess products, resulting in increased inventories and overcapacity in our production facilities, increasing our unit production cost and decreasing our operating margins. 
 20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our sales are concentrated among our top five OEM customers and the loss or consolidation of any one of these customers or the discontinuation of particular vehicle models for which we are a significant supplier could reduce our net sales and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We have in the past and may in the future derive a significant portion of our net sales from a relatively limited number of OEM customers. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our top five OEM customers accounted for approximately 51 , 52 and 53 of our net sales, respectively. Our top three customers, Daimler AG, Traton SE and PACCAR Inc., accounted for approximately 20 , 10 and 9 , respectively, of our net sales during 2022. The loss of, or consolidation of, any one of these customers, or a significant decrease in business from, one or more of these customers could harm our business. In addition, the discontinuation of particular vehicle models for which we are a significant supplier could reduce our net sales and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We are subject to cybersecurity risks to operational systems, security systems, or infrastructure owned by Allison or third-party vendors or suppliers. 
 We are at risk for interruptions, outages, and breaches of: (i) operational systems, including business, financial, accounting, product development, data processing, or manufacturing processes, owned by us or our third-party vendors or suppliers; (ii) facility security systems, owned by us or our third-party vendors or suppliers; and/or (iii) vehicle propulsion control modules or other in-product technology, owned by us or our third-party vendors or suppliers. Such cyber incidents could materially disrupt operational systems; result in loss of intellectual property, trade secrets or other proprietary or competitively sensitive information; compromise personally identifiable information of employees, customers, suppliers, or others; jeopardize the security of our facilities; and/or affect the performance of vehicle propulsion control modules or other in-product technology. A cyber incident could be caused by malicious third parties using sophisticated, targeted methods to circumvent firewalls, encryption, and other security defenses, including hacking, fraud, trickery, or other forms of deception. The techniques used by third parties change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. A significant cyber incident could impact production capability, harm our reputation and/or subject us to regulatory actions or litigation, including those as result of global privacy and security regulations, any of which could materially affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. While we utilize a number of measures to prevent, detect and mitigate these threats, including employee education, monitoring of networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems, there is no guarantee such efforts will be successful in preventing a cyber incident. 
 Our sales to the Defense end market are to government entities and contractors for the U.S. and foreign governments, and the loss of a significant number of our contracts, or budgetary declines or future reductions or changes in spending by the U.S. or foreign governments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our net sales to the Defense end market are derived from contracts (revenue arrangements) with agencies of, and prime system contractors for, the U.S. government and foreign governments. If a significant number of our Defense contracts and subcontracts are simultaneously delayed or cancelled for budgetary, performance or other reasons, it would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Approximately 5 , or 146 million, of our net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were from our Defense end market. 
 Our future financial results may be adversely affected by: 
 declines in, or uncertainty regarding, U.S. or foreign government defense budgets; 

curtailment of the U.S. government s use of technology or other services and product providers, including curtailment due to government budget reductions, future government shutdowns and related fiscal matters; 

21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 geopolitical developments, including economic sanctions, that affect demand for our products and services; 

technological developments that impact purchasing decisions or our competitive position; and 

increased regulatory requirements for defense contractors. 

Our brand and reputation are dependent on the continued participation and level of service of our numerous independent distributors and dealers. 
 We work with a network of approximately 1,600 independent distributors and dealers that provide post-sale service, service parts and support equipment. Because we depend on the pull-through demand generated by end users for our products, any actions by the independent distributors or dealers, which are not in our control, may harm our reputation and damage the brand loyalty among our customer base. In the event that we are not able to maintain our brand reputation because of the actions of our independent distributors and dealers, we may face difficulty in maintaining our pricing positions with respect to some of our products or have reduced demand for our products, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, if a significant number of independent dealers were to terminate their contracts, it could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In the event of a catastrophic loss of our key manufacturing facility, our business would be adversely affected. 
 While we manufacture our products in several facilities and maintain insurance covering our facilities, including business interruption insurance, a catastrophic loss of the use of all or a portion of one of our manufacturing facilities due to accident, labor issues, weather conditions, acts of war, political unrest, terrorist activity, natural disaster or extreme weather events, which may increase in frequency and intensity as a result of climate change, public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics or otherwise, whether short- or long-term, would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our most significant concentration of manufacturing is around our corporate headquarters in Indianapolis, Indiana, where we produce approximately 90 of our transmissions. In addition to our Indianapolis manufacturing facilities, we currently operate manufacturing facilities for our fully electric propulsion solutions in Auburn Hills, Michigan, for our transmissions in both Szentgotthard, Hungary and Chennai, India and for our aluminum die cast components in Lewisburg, Tennessee. In the event of a disruption at the Indianapolis facilities, our other facilities may not be adequately equipped to operate at a level sufficient to compensate for the volume of production at the Indianapolis facility due to their size and the fact that they have not yet been tested for such significant increases in production volume. 
 Strategic Risks 
 Our success depends on research and development efforts, and we may not be successful in developing or introducing new products and technologies, including electric propulsion solutions, and responding to customer needs. 
 Our success depends on our ability to develop or introduce new products and technologies and improve the efficiency and performance of our current products, and we invest significant resources in research and development in order to do so. We currently have enhancements to our existing products and technologies and new products and technologies under development, including electric hybrid and fully electric propulsion solutions, for planned introduction into certain end markets. The development of new products and technologies is difficult, time-consuming and costly and the timetable for commercial release is uncertain. Not all of our new product launches have been successful, and we may not be successful in the future in introducing other new products and 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 responding to customer needs. In addition, it often takes significant time, in some cases multiple fleet buy cycles, before customers gain experience with new products and technologies and those new products and technologies become widely-accepted by the market, if at all. Given the early stages of development of some of these new products and technologies, there can be no guarantee of future market acceptance and investment returns with respect to these products. In addition, the increased adoption of electric propulsion solutions could result in lower demand for our fully automatic transmissions and, over time, the demand for related service parts and support equipment, which would impact our margins. If we do not adequately anticipate the changing needs of our customers by keeping pace with improvements and changes in vehicle propulsion technology and developing and introducing new and effective products and technologies on a timely basis, or if the products and technologies we develop do not become market-leading, our competitive position and prospects could be harmed. If our competitors are able to respond to changing market demands and adopt new technologies more quickly than we do, demand for our products could decline, our competitive position could be harmed, our future research and development activities may be constrained due to intellectual property rights of others, licenses for technologies that would enable us to keep pace with our competitors may not be available on commercially reasonable terms if at all and we may not be able to recoup a return on our development investments. Moreover, changing customer demands as well as evolving regulatory, safety and environmental standards could require us to adapt our products and technologies to address such changes. As a result, in the future we may experience delays in the introduction of some or all of our new products or modifications or enhancements of existing products. Furthermore, there may be production delays due to unanticipated technological setbacks, which may, in turn, delay the release of new products to our end users. If the rate of adoption of new technologies, including electric vehicles for the medium- and heavy-duty commercial market, occurs at a pace that is faster than we are anticipating, we may not have products available to meet that accelerated timeframe. If we experience significant delays or increased costs in the production, launch or acceptance of our products and technologies, our net sales and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 Our long-term growth prospects and results of operations may be impaired if the rate of adoption of fully automatic transmissions in commercial vehicles outside North America does not increase. 
 Our long-term growth strategy depends in part on an increased rate of automaticity outside North America. As part of that strategy, we have established manufacturing facilities in India and Hungary. We have also dedicated significant human resources to serve markets where we anticipate increased adoption of automaticity. However, manual transmissions remain the market leader outside North America, and there can be no assurance that adoption of automatic transmissions will increase. Factors potentially impacting adoption of automatic transmissions outside of North America include the large existing installed base of manual transmissions, customer preferences for manual transmissions, commercial vehicle OEM vertical integration into manual transmission and AMT manufacturing, increased competition from AMTs, electric propulsion solutions, and other alternative transmission and propulsion solution technologies and failure to further develop the Allison brand. If the rate of adoption of fully automatic transmissions does not increase as we have anticipated, our long-term growth prospects and results of operations may be impaired. 
 Our international operations, in particular our emerging markets, are subject to various risks which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our business is subject to certain risks associated with doing business internationally, particularly in emerging markets. Outside-North America net sales represented approximately 26 of our net sales for 2022. Most of our operations are in the U.S., but we also have manufacturing and customization facilities in India and Hungary with a services agreement with Stellantis NV and customization capability in Brazil, the Netherlands, China and Japan. Further, we intend to continue to pursue growth opportunities for our business in a variety of business environments 
 23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 outside the U.S., which could exacerbate the risks set forth below. Our international operations are subject to, without limitation, the following risks: 
 the burden of complying with multiple and possibly conflicting laws and any unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

foreign currency exchange controls, sanctions, import and export restrictions and tariffs, including restrictions promulgated by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, and other trade protection regulations and measures; 

political risks, including increased trade protectionism and risks of loss due to civil disturbances, acts of terrorism, acts of war, guerilla activities and insurrection; 

unstable economic, financial and market conditions and increased expenses as a result of inflation, higher energy costs or higher interest rates; 

difficulties in enforcement of third-party contractual obligations and intellectual property rights and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems; 

difficulty in staffing and managing international operations and the application of foreign labor regulations; 

differing local product preferences and product requirements; 

fluctuations in currency exchange rates to the extent that our assets or liabilities are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the country where we operate; 

potentially adverse tax consequences from changes in tax laws, requirements relating to withholding taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries and restrictions on our ability to repatriate dividends from our subsidiaries; and 

exposure to liabilities under anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA and similar laws and regulations in other jurisdictions. 

Any one of these factors could materially adversely affect our sales of products or services to international customers or harm our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may not be able to identify or consummate acquisitions or partnerships or achieve expected benefits from or effectively integrate acquisitions or partnerships, which could harm our growth. 
 From time to time, we evaluate selective acquisitions, partnerships and strategic investments. Potential and completed acquisitions and partnerships involve many risks that could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, including: 
 our ability to identify suitable acquisition or partnership candidates, prevail against competing potential acquirers or partners and negotiate and consummate acquisitions or partnerships on terms attractive to us; 

difficulties in integrating personnel and sales forces, operations, manufacturing, logistics, research and development, information technology, communications, purchasing, accounting, marketing, administration and other systems and processes and otherwise assimilating the operations of the acquired company; 

the diversion of resources, including diverting management s attention from our current operations; 

risks of entering new geographic or product markets in which we have limited or no direct prior experience; 

the potential loss of key customers, employees or suppliers of the acquired company or adverse effects on our existing business relationships with our suppliers and customers; 

the potential incurrence of indebtedness to fund the acquisition or partnerships; 

24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the acquired business or partnership not achieving anticipated revenues, earnings, cash flow or market share; 

excess capacity; 

failure to achieve the expected synergies or cost savings; 

the need for additional investments post-investment or post-acquisition that could be greater than anticipated; 

the impact of U.S. and foreign competition laws and regulations on our ability to make certain acquisitions, to enter into certain partnerships or to make certain strategic investments; 

inaccurate assessment of undisclosed, contingent or other liabilities or problems and unanticipated costs associated with the acquisition or partnership; 

incorrect estimates made in accounting for acquisitions, incurrence of non-recurring charges and write-off of significant amounts of goodwill that could adversely affect our financial results; and 

dilution of earnings. 

We may also face liability with respect to acquired businesses for violations of environmental or other laws occurring prior to the date of our acquisition, and some or all of these liabilities may not be covered by environmental or other insurance secured to mitigate the risk or by indemnification from the sellers from which we acquired these businesses. We could also incur significant costs, including, but not limited to, remediation costs, natural resources damages, civil or criminal fines and sanctions and third-party claims, as a result of past or future violations of, or liabilities associated with, environmental or other laws. 
 We cannot offer any assurance that we will be able to consummate any future acquisitions, strategic investments, partnerships or other business combinations. If we are unable to identify suitable acquisition candidates or to consummate and successfully integrate our recent and any future acquisitions, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected as a result. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 Any events that impact our brand name, including if the products we manufacture or distribute are found to be defective, could have an adverse effect on our reputation, cause us to incur significant costs and negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We face exposure to product liability claims in the event that the use of our products has, or is alleged to have, resulted in injury, death or other adverse effects. We currently maintain product liability insurance coverage, but we cannot be assured that we will be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, or that any such insurance will provide adequate coverage against potential claims. Product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for long periods of time, regardless of the ultimate outcome. An unsuccessful product liability defense could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation, financial condition or prospects. If one of our products is determined to be defective, we may face substantial warranty costs and may be responsible for significant costs associated with a product recall or a redesign. We have had defect and warranty issues associated with certain of our products in the past, and similar product defects may occur in the future. See Note 10. Product Warranty Liabilities of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details regarding these warranty issues. 
 Furthermore, our business depends on the strong brand reputation we believe we have developed. In addition to the risk of defective products, we also face significant risks in our efforts to penetrate new markets, where we have limited brand recognition. We also rely on our reputation with end users of our products to specify our products when purchasing new vehicles from our OEM customers. In the event we are not able to maintain or enhance our 
 25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 brand in these new markets or our reputation is damaged in our existing markets as a result of product defects or recalls, we may face difficulty in maintaining our pricing positions with respect to some of our products or experience reduced demand for our products, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Additionally, we license the Allison Transmission name and certain related trademarks to third parties. If any third party uses the trade name Allison Transmission in ways that adversely affect such trade name or trademark, our reputation could suffer damage, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Many of the key patents and unpatented technology we use in our business are licensed to us, not owned by us, and our ability to use and enforce such patents and technology is restricted by the terms of the license. 
 Protecting our intellectual property rights is critical to our ability to compete and succeed as a company. General Motors Company GM has granted us an irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide license under a large number of U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications, as well as certain unpatented technology and know-how, to design, develop, manufacture, use and sell fully automatic transmissions and electric hybrid propulsion solutions for use in certain vocational vehicles, defense vehicles and off-road products. For the bulk of the intellectual property licensed to us, our license is exclusive with respect to the design, development, manufacture, use and sale of fully automatic transmissions and electric hybrid propulsion solutions in vocational vehicles above certain weight rating thresholds, certain defense vehicles and certain off-road products. It is non-exclusive with respect to certain other products that are within the scope of the licensed patents or to which the licensed technology can be applied. GM continues to own such patents and technology, and GM has the right, in the first instance, to control the maintenance, enforcement and defense of such patents and the prosecution of the licensed patent applications. In addition, our ability to sublicense our rights is limited. 
 We rely on unpatented technology, which exposes us to certain risks. 
 We currently do, and may continue in the future to, rely on unpatented proprietary technology. In such regard, we cannot be assured that any of our applications for protection of our intellectual property rights will be approved or that others will not infringe or challenge our intellectual property rights. It is possible our competitors will independently develop the same or similar technology or otherwise obtain access to our unpatented technology. 
 Although we believe the loss or expiration of any single patent would not have a material effect on our business, results of operations or financial position, there can be no assurance that any one, or more, of the patents or any other intellectual property owned by or licensed to us will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by third parties. In fact, a number of the patents licensed to us are set to expire in the next few years. When a patent expires, the inventions it discloses can be used freely by others. Thus, the competitive advantage that we gain from the patents licensed to us will decrease over time, and a greater burden will be placed on our own research and development and licensing efforts to develop and otherwise acquire technologies to keep pace with improvements of transmission-related technology in the marketplace. We enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with employees, and into non-disclosure agreements with suppliers and appropriate customers so as to limit access to and disclosure of our proprietary information. We cannot be assured that these measures will provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use, misappropriation or disclosure. If we are unable to maintain the proprietary nature of our technologies, our ability to sustain margins on some or all of our products may be affected, which could reduce our sales and profitability. Moreover, the protection provided for our intellectual property by the laws and courts of foreign nations may not be as advantageous to us as the protection available under U.S. law. 
 26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Environmental, health and safety laws and regulations may impose significant compliance costs and liabilities on us. 
 Our manufacturing operations are subject to many environmental, health and safety laws and regulations governing emissions to air, discharges to water, the generation, handling and disposal of waste and the cleanup of contaminated properties. Compliance with these laws and regulations is costly. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs to maintain or achieve compliance with applicable environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Moreover, regulatory bodies are increasingly adopting regulations that target limiting greenhouse gases and combatting climate change, which may impact our ability to sell our current products or require us to develop new products or technologies. If these environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that impact our operations or products become more stringent or expand to include a larger portion of our products or our customer s products in the future, we could incur additional costs in order to ensure that our business and products comply with such regulations. In addition, we may not be successful in developing products or technologies that comply with, or the vehicle or customer OEMs to which we sell our products may choose not to comply with, such laws and regulations, which could impact our ability to sell our products in certain locations, negatively impact our business and result in a loss of market share. Furthermore, if our products that are already placed in service are found to be non-compliant with certain laws, regulations and certifications, we may incur additional costs and fines. We cannot assure that we are in full compliance with all environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Our failure to comply with applicable environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and permit requirements could result in civil or criminal fines, penalties or enforcement actions, third-party claims for property damage and personal injury, requirements to clean up property or to pay for the costs of cleanup or regulatory or judicial orders enjoining or curtailing operations or requiring corrective measures, including the installation of pollution control equipment or remedial actions. Our failure to comply could also result in our failure to secure adequate insurance for our business, resulting in significant exposure, diminished ability to hedge our risks and material modifications of our business operations. 
 We may be subject to liability as a potentially responsible party under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act and similar state or foreign laws for contaminated properties that we currently own, lease or operate or that we or our predecessors have previously owned, leased or operated, and sites to which we or our predecessors sent hazardous substances. Such liability may be joint and several so that we may be liable for more than our share of any contamination, and any such liability may be determined without regard to causation or knowledge of contamination. We or our predecessors have been named potentially responsible parties at contaminated sites from time to time. 
 There can be no assurances that future environmental remediation obligations will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we occasionally evaluate alternatives with respect to our facilities, including possible dispositions or closings. Investigations undertaken in connection with these activities may lead to discoveries of contamination that must be remediated, and closings of facilities may trigger remediation requirements that are not applicable to operating facilities. We may also face lawsuits brought by third parties that either allege property damage or personal injury as a result of, or seek reimbursement for costs associated with, such contamination. 
 Our business and financial results may be adversely affected by U.S. government contracting risks. 
 We are subject to various laws and regulations applicable to parties doing business with the U.S. government, including laws and regulations governing performance of U.S. government contracts, the use and treatment of U.S. government furnished property and the nature of materials used in our products. We may be unilaterally suspended or barred from conducting business with the U.S. government, or become subject to fines or other sanctions if we are found to have violated such laws or regulations. As a result of the need to comply with these laws and regulations, we are subject to increased risks of governmental investigations, civil fraud actions, criminal 
 27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 prosecutions, whistleblower lawsuits and other enforcement actions. The laws and regulations to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, Export Administration Regulations, the Federal Acquisition Regulation, International Traffic in Arms Regulations and regulations from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and the FCPA. 
 U.S. government contracts are subject to modification, curtailment or termination by the U.S. government without prior written notice, either for convenience or for default as a result of our failure to perform under the applicable contract. If terminated by the U.S. government as a result of our default, we could be liable for additional costs the U.S. government incurs in acquiring undelivered goods or services from another source and any other damages it suffers. Additionally, we cannot assign prime U.S. government contracts without the prior consent of the U.S. government contracting officer, and we are required to register with the Central Contractor Registration Database. Furthermore, the U.S. government periodically audits our governmental contract costs, which could result in fines, penalties or adjustment of costs and prices under the contracts. The result of, or expiration of the statute of limitations for, such audits could have an impact on reported liabilities, net income and cash flow from operations. 
 Provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management and, as a result, depress the trading price of our common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and certain provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law contain provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management that the stockholders of our company may deem advantageous. These provisions: 
 authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that our Board of Directors could issue to increase the number of outstanding shares and to discourage a takeover attempt; 

prohibit our stockholders from calling a special meeting of stockholders; 

prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 

provide that the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to adopt, or to alter or repeal, our bylaws; 

establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our Board of Directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings; and 

require the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of common stock to amend the bylaws and certain provisions of the certificate of incorporation. 

These anti-takeover defenses could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company that our stockholders may believe to be in their best interests. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for our stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and cause us to take corporate actions other than those they desire. 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness and Financial Risks 
 Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health, restrict our activities and affect our ability to meet our obligations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total indebtedness of 2,525 million, and we would have been able to borrow an additional 644 million, net of 6 million of outstanding letters of credit, under Allison Transmission Inc. s ATI ), our wholly-owned subsidiary, revolving credit facility with commitments in the amount of 650 million due September 2025 Revolving Credit Facility ). As of December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding borrowings against 
 28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the Revolving Credit Facility. At December 31, 2022, 625 million of our total indebtedness was associated with ATI s term loan facility due March 2026 Term Loan , and together with the Revolving Credit Facility, the Senior Secured Credit Facility ), 400 million of our total indebtedness was associated with ATI s 4.75 Senior Notes due October 2027 4.75 Senior Notes ), 500 million of our total indebtedness was associated with ATI s 5.875 Senior Notes due June 2029 5.875 Senior Notes and 1,000 million of our total indebtedness was associated with ATI s 3.75 Senior Notes due January 2031 3.75 Senior Notes , and together with the 4.75 Senior Notes and 5.875 Senior Notes, the Senior Notes ). For a complete description of the terms of the Senior Secured Credit Facility and the Senior Notes, please see Note 8. Debt in Part II, Item 8., of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 Our indebtedness could have important consequences. For example, it could: 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness; 

require us to further dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures, research and development efforts and other general corporate purposes; 

increase our vulnerability to and limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, downturns or changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 

restrict us from making strategic acquisitions or cause us to make non-strategic divestitures; 

expose us to the risk of increased interest rates as borrowings under the Senior Secured Credit Facility are subject to variable rates of interest; 

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and 

limit our ability to borrow additional funds. 

In addition, the Revolving Credit Facility contains a maximum total senior secured leverage ratio. The Senior Secured Credit Facility and the indentures governing the Senior Notes also contain other negative and affirmative covenants that will limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interests. Our failure to comply with any of the covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of our indebtedness. 
 To service our indebtedness, we will require a significant amount of cash, and our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. 
 Our ability to make cash payments on our indebtedness and to fund planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate significant operating cash flow in the future. This, to a significant extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. 
 We cannot ensure that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us under the Revolving Credit Facility in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. In such circumstances, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. We cannot ensure that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we cannot service our indebtedness, we may have to take actions such as selling assets, seeking additional equity or reducing or delaying capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances. We cannot ensure that any such actions, if necessary, could be effected on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Despite current indebtedness levels, we and our subsidiaries may still be able to incur additional indebtedness, which could further exacerbate the risks associated with our substantial financial leverage. 
 We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur additional indebtedness in the future because the terms of our indebtedness do not fully prohibit us or our subsidiaries from doing so. Subject to covenant compliance and certain conditions, our indebtedness permits additional borrowing, including total borrowing up to 644 million under the Revolving Credit Facility, net of 6 million in letters of credit. If new debt is added to our current debt levels and our subsidiaries current debt levels, the related risks that we and they now face could intensify. 
 Our pension and other post-retirement benefits funding obligations could increase as a result of a variety of factors. 
 Our earnings may be positively or negatively impacted by the amount of income or expense recorded for our defined benefit pension plans and other post-retirement benefits OPEB ). Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP require that income or expense for defined benefit pension plans be calculated at the annual measurement date, or more frequently if certain events occur, using actuarial assumptions and calculations. These calculations reflect certain assumptions, the most significant of which relate to the capital markets, interest rates, health care inflation rates and other economic conditions. Changes in key economic indicators can change these assumptions. These assumptions, along with the actual value of assets at the measurement date, will impact the calculation of pension expense for the year. Although GAAP pension expense and pension contributions are not directly related, the key economic indicators that affect GAAP pension expense also affect the amount of cash that we would contribute to our defined benefit pension plans. Because the values of these defined benefit pension plans assets have fluctuated and will fluctuate in response to changing market conditions, the amount of gains or losses that will be recognized in subsequent periods, the impact on the funded status of the defined benefit pension plans and the future minimum required contributions, if any, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The magnitude of such impact cannot be determined with certainty at this time. However, the effect of a one percentage point decrease in the assumed discount rate would result in an increase in the December 31, 2022 defined benefit pension plans obligation of approximately 17 million. Likewise, a one percentage point decrease in the effective interest rate for determining defined benefit pension plans contributions would result in an increase in the minimum required contributions for 2023 of approximately 2 million. Similarly, a one percentage point decrease in the assumed discount rate would result in an increase in the December 31, 2022 OPEB obligation of approximately 8 million. As of December 31, 2022, the unfunded status of our defined benefit pension plans was 3 million and the unfunded status of our OPEB plan was 73 million. 
 An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill, other intangible assets or long-lived assets could negatively affect our consolidated results of operations and net worth. 
 Pursuant to GAAP, we are required to assess our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets to determine if they are impaired on an annual basis, or more often if events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over the useful life and are reviewed for impairment on triggering events such as events or changes in circumstances indicating that an impairment may have occurred. If the testing performed indicates that impairment has occurred, we are required to record a non-cash impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill and the implied fair value of the goodwill or the carrying value of the intangible assets and the fair value of the intangible assets in the period the determination is made. Disruptions to our business, end market conditions, protracted economic weakness, unsuccessful development of product and unexpected significant declines in operating results may result in charges for goodwill and other asset impairments. See Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 6. 
 30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details. 
 The carrying value of long-lived assets is evaluated whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable. Events or circumstances that would result in an impairment review primarily include a significant change in the use of an asset, a significant change in the projected future cash flows generated by an asset or the planned sale or disposal of an asset. The asset would be considered impaired when there is no future use planned for the asset or the future net undiscounted cash flows generated by the asset or asset group are less than its carrying value. An impairment loss would be recognized based on the amount by which the carrying value exceeds fair value and could have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations. See Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 5. Property, Plant and Equipment of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details. 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 2. P ROPERTIES 
 Our world headquarters, which we own, is located at One Allison Way, Indianapolis, Indiana 46222. As of December 31, 2022, we have 19 manufacturing and certain other facilities in eight countries. The following table sets forth certain information regarding our significant facilities. 

Plant 
 
 Location 
 
 Approximate Size (ft2) 

Owned / Leased 
 
 Description 

Plant #3 
 
 Indianapolis 

927,000 

Own 
 
 Engineering, Operational Support 

Plant #4 
 
 Indianapolis 

425,900 

Own 
 
 Manufacturing 

Plant #6 
 
 Indianapolis 

431,500 

Own 
 
 Manufacturing 

Plant #12 
 
 Indianapolis 

534,900 

Own 
 
 Manufacturing 

Plant #14 and #15 
 
 Indianapolis 

481,100 

Own 
 
 Manufacturing 

Plant #16 
 
 Indianapolis 

391,700 

Own 
 
 Manufacturing 

Plant #17 
 
 Indianapolis 

389,000 

Own 
 
 Parts Distribution Center 

Innovation Center 
 
 Indianapolis 

96,000 

Own 
 
 Engineering, Research and Development 

Vehicle Electrification + Environmental Test (VE+ET) Center 
 
 Indianapolis 

66,000 

Own 
 
 Research and Development 

Auburn Hills 
 
 Auburn Hills, Michigan, USA 

110,400 

Lease 
 
 Engineering, Operational Support, Manufacturing 

Walker Die Casting 
 
 Lewisburg, Tennessee, USA 

774,100 

Own 
 
 Manufacturing 

Chennai 
 
 India 

331,700 

Own 
 
 Manufacturing 

Szentgotthard 
 
 Hungary 

149,000 

Own 
 
 Manufacturing Customization 

We believe all our facilities are suitable for their intended purpose, are being efficiently utilized and provide adequate capacity to meet demand for the next several years. The table above does not include sales offices located in various countries. 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are subject to various contingencies, including routine legal proceedings and claims arising out of the normal course of business. These proceedings primarily involve commercial claims, product liability claims, personal injury claims and workers compensation claims. The outcome of these lawsuits, legal proceedings and claims cannot be predicted with certainty. Nevertheless, we believe the outcome of any of these currently existing proceedings, even if determined adversely, would not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. See also Note 18. Commitments and Contingencies in Part II, Item 8., of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 32 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART II. 
 ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stoc kholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol ALSN. 
 Holders 
 As of February 1, 2023, there were approximately 92,975 stockholders of record of our common stock, which includes the actual number of holders registered on the books of the Company and holders of shares in street name or persons, partnerships, associations, corporations or other entities identified in security position listings maintained by depositories. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 During the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we did not offer or sell any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The Company's current stock repurchase program (the Repurchase Program was authorized by the Board of Directors in 2016, with increases approved by the Board of Directors on each of November 8, 2017, July 30, 2018, May 9, 2019 and February 24, 2022, which in the aggregate authorized total repurchases of up to 4,000 million in shares of our common stock. The Repurchase Program has no termination date, and the timing and amount of stock purchases are subject to market conditions and corporate needs. The Repurchase Program may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time at the Company s discretion. 
 The following table sets forth information related to our repurchase of our common stock on a monthly basis in the three months ended December 31, 2022: 

Total Number of Shares Purchased 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs (1) 

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under Programs (1) 

October 1 October 31, 2022 

1,492,094 

36.16 

1,492,094 

1,035,298,103 

November 1 November 30, 2022 

4,100 

40.94 

4,100 

1,035,130,253 

December 1 December 31, 2022 

1,035,130,253 

Total 

1,496,194 

36.17 

1,496,194 

(1) These values reflect repurchases made under the Repurchase Program. 

Issuances Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 For information regarding the securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans, see Part III, Item 12. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Comparative Stock Performance Graph 
 The information included under the heading Comparative Stock Performance Graph in this Item 5. of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 Set forth below is a graph comparing the total cumulative returns of ALSN, the S P 500 Index and an index of peer companies selected by us. Our peer group includes Donaldson Company, Inc., Graco Inc., Roper Technologies, Inc., Gentex Corporation, Rockwell Automation, Inc. and Sensata Technologies Holding PLC. The graph assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in our common stock and each of the indices and that all dividends, if any, are reinvested. 

As of December 31, 2017 

As of December 31, 2018 

As of December 31, 2019 

As of December 31, 2020 

As of December 31, 2021 

As of December 31, 2022 

Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. 

100.00 

103.34 

115.22 

104.75 

90.00 

105.16 

S P 500 Index 

100.00 

95.62 

125.72 

148.85 

191.58 

156.88 

Peer Group 

100.00 

91.57 

122.08 

147.25 

177.25 

145.98 

ITEM 6. [ R ESER VED] 

34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis o f Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion contains forward-looking statements regarding industry trends, our expectations regarding our future performance, liquidity and capital resources and other non-historical statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in or implied by the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, those set forth under Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors, and other matters included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 This section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. A detailed discussion of 2020 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7. of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on February 17, 2022. 
 Overview 
 We design and manufacture vehicle propulsion solutions, including commercial-duty on-highway, off-highway and defense fully automatic transmissions and electric hybrid and fully electric systems. The business was founded in 1915 and has been headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana since inception. Allison is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol, ALSN . 
 We have approximately 3,500 employees. Although approximately 74 of revenues were generated in North America in 2022, we have a global presence by serving customers in Asia, Europe, South America and Africa. We serve customers through an independent network of approximately 1,600 independent distributor and dealer locations worldwide. 
 Trends Impacting Our Business 
 Global markets continue to experience supply chain, labor, energy and raw material constraints as a result of global economic volatility, the war in Ukraine and the COVID-19 pandemic, that impacted our business in 2022 and continue to impact our business performance. As a result, during 2022 we experienced raw material and component part price inflation, increased freight and logistics costs, increased labor costs, production constraints due to labor shortages and increased foreign exchange volatility. In addition, our net sales for 2022 were negatively impacted as a result of our customers inability to secure components from the broader commercial vehicle supply base which resulted in reduced commercial vehicle build schedules and the inability of the commercial vehicle market to produce sufficient quantities to meet demand. We expect that commercial vehicle build schedules will continue to be negatively impacted by the availability of components in 2023. 
 Our net sales are driven by commercial vehicle production, which tends to be highly correlated to macroeconomic conditions. In 2023, we expect higher net sales driven by price increases on certain products and the continued execution of growth initiatives. 
 
 35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Full Year 2022 and 2021 Net Sales by End Market (in millions) 

End Market 
 
 2022 Net Sales 

2021 Net Sales 

Variance 

North America On-Highway 

1,359 

1,177 

15 

North America Off-Highway 

86 

58 

48 

Defense 

146 

186 

(22) 

Outside North America On-Highway 

463 

381 

22 

Outside North America Off-Highway 

127 

83 

53 

Service Parts, Support Equipment and Other 

588 

517 

14 

Total Net Sales 

2,769 

2,402 

15 

North America On-Highway end market net sales were up 15 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, principally driven by strength in customer demand for last mile delivery, regional haul and vocational trucks. 
 Global Off-Highway end market net sales were up 51 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, principally driven by demand for hydraulic fracturing applications in the energy sector as well as higher demand in the mining and construction sectors. 
 Defense end market net sales were down 22 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, principally driven by lower usage of defense vehicles during the COVID-19 pandemic leading to lower demand for Tracked and Wheeled vehicle applications. 
 Outside North America On-Highway end market net sales were up 22 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, principally driven by the continued execution of our growth initiatives in EMEA, Asia-Pacific and South America. 
 Service Parts, Support Equipment and Other end market net sales were up 14 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, principally driven by higher demand for global service parts and support equipment and price increases on certain products. 
 Key Components of our Results of Operations 
 Net sales 
 We generate our net sales primarily from the sale of vehicle propulsion solutions, service and component parts, support equipment, defense kits, engineering services, royalties and extended transmission coverage to a wide array of OEMs, distributors and the U.S. government. Sales are recorded in accordance with the terms of the contract, net of provisions for customer allowances and other rebates. Engineering services are recorded as net sales in accordance with the terms of the contract. The associated costs are recorded in cost of sales. We also have royalty agreements with third parties that provide net sales as a result of joint efforts in developing marketable products. 
 Cost of sales 
 Our primary components of cost of sales are purchased parts, the overhead expense related to our manufacturing operations and direct labor associated with the manufacture and assembly of vehicle propulsion solutions and parts. For the year ended December 31, 2022, direct material costs were approximately 66 , overhead costs were approximately 27 and direct labor costs were approximately 7 of total cost of sales. We are subject to changes in our cost of sales caused by movements in underlying commodity prices. We seek to hedge against this risk by using LTAs. See Part II, Item 7A., Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Commodity Price Risk included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 The principal components of our selling, general and administrative expenses are salaries and benefits for our office personnel, advertising and promotional expenses, product warranty expense, expenses relating to certain information technology systems and amortization of our intangible assets. 
 Engineering research and development 
 We incur costs in connection with research and development programs that are expected to contribute to future earnings. Such costs are expensed as incurred. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We use Adjusted Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as a percent of net sales to measure our operating profitability. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as a percent of net sales provide management, investors and creditors with useful measures of the operational results of our business and increase the period-to-period comparability of our operating profitability and comparability with other companies. Adjusted EBITDA as a percent of net sales is also used in the calculation of management s incentive compensation program. The most directly comparable GAAP measure to Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as a percent of net sales is Net income and Net income as a percent of net sales, respectively. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as earnings before interest expense, net, income tax expense, amortization of intangible assets, depreciation of property, plant and equipment and other adjustments as defined by the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2019 as amended (the Credit Agreement governing ATI's term loan facility due March 2026 Term Loan ). Adjusted EBITDA as a percent of net sales is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA divided by net sales. 
 We use Adjusted free cash flow to evaluate the amount of cash generated by our business that, after the capital investment needed to maintain and grow our business and certain mandatory debt service requirements, can be used for repayment of debt, stockholder distributions and strategic opportunities, including investing in our business. We believe that Adjusted free cash flow enhances the understanding of the cash flows of our business for management, investors and creditors. Adjusted free cash flow is also used in the calculation of management s incentive compensation program. The most directly comparable GAAP measure to Adjusted free cash flow is Net cash provided by operating activities. Adjusted free cash flow is calculated as Net cash provided by operating activities, excluding non-recurring restructuring charges, after additions of long-lived assets. 
 37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following is a reconciliation of Net income and Net income as a percent of net sales to Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as a percent of net sales and a reconciliation of Net cash provided by operating activities to Adjusted free cash flow: 

For the years ended December 31, 

(unaudited, in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income (GAAP) 

531 

442 

299 

plus: 

Interest expense, net 

118 

116 

137 

Income tax expense 

114 

130 

94 

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 

109 

104 

96 

Amortization of intangible assets 

46 

46 

52 

Unrealized loss (gain) on marketable securities (a) 

22 

(4) 

Stock-based compensation expense (b) 

18 

14 

17 

Unrealized loss on foreign exchange (c) 

6 

2 

Technology-related investment gain (d) 

(6) 

(3) 

Acquisition-related earnouts (e) 

2 

1 

1 

Pension curtailment (f) 

1 

UAW Local 933 retirement incentive (g) 

(2) 

7 

Restructuring charges (h) 

14 

Expenses related to long-term debt refinancing (i) 

13 

Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP) 

961 

844 

732 

Net sales (GAAP) 

2,769 

2,402 

2,081 

Net income as a percent of net sales (GAAP) 

19.2 

18.4 

14.4 

Adjusted EBITDA as a percent of net sales (Non-GAAP) 

34.7 

35.1 

35.2 

Net cash provided by operating activities (GAAP) 

657 

635 

561 

(Deductions) or additions to reconcile to Adjusted free cash flow: 

Additions of long-lived assets 

(167) 

(175) 

(115) 

Restructuring charges (h) 

12 

Adjusted free cash flow (Non-GAAP) 

490 

460 

458 

(a) Represents losses (gains) (recorded in Other (expense) income, net) related to an investment in the common stock of Jing-Jin Electric Technologies Co. Ltd. 

(b) Represents stock-based compensation expense (recorded in Cost of sales, Selling, general and administrative, and Engineering research and development). 

(c) Represents losses (recorded in Other (expense) income, net) on intercompany financing transactions related to investments in plant assets for our India facility. 

(d) Represents gains (recorded in Other (expense) income, net) related to investments in co-development agreements to expand our position in propulsion solution technologies. 

(e) Represents expenses (recorded in Selling, general and administrative and Engineering research and development) for earnouts related to our acquisition of Vantage Power Limited. 

(f) Represents a curtailment loss (recorded in Selling, general and administrative) for our European subsidiary's defined benefit pension plan. 

(g) Represents (adjustments) charges (recorded in Cost of sales) related to a 2018 to 2021 retirement incentive program for certain employees represented by the International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America UAW pursuant to the UAW Local 933 collective bargaining agreement effective through November 2023. 

(h) Represents restructuring and pension plan settlement charges (recorded in Cost of sales, Selling, general and administrative, Engineering research and development, and Other (expense) income, net) related to voluntary and involuntary separation programs for both hourly and salaried employees in 2020. 

(i) Represents expenses (recorded in Other (expense) income, net) related to the redemption of ATI s 5.0 Senior Notes due 2024 5.0 Senior Notes in the fourth quarter of 2020. 

38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth certain financial information for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following table and discussion should be read in conjunction with the information contained in our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Comparison of years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Years ended December 31, 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 2022 

of net sales 

2021 

of net sales 

Net sales 

2,769 

100 

2,402 

100 

Cost of sales 

1,472 

53 

1,257 

52 

Gross profit 

1,297 

47 

1,145 

48 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

328 

12 

305 

13 

Engineering research and development 

185 

7 

171 

7 

Total operating expenses 

513 

19 

476 

20 

Operating income 

784 

28 

669 

28 

Other expense, net: 

Interest expense, net 

(118) 

(4) 

(116) 

(5) 

Other (expense) income, net 

(21) 

(1) 

19 

1 

Total other expense, net 

(139) 

(5) 

(97) 

(4) 

Income before income taxes 

645 

23 

572 

24 

Income tax expense 

(114) 

(4) 

(130) 

(6) 

Net income 

531 

19 

442 

18 

Net sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 2,769 million compared to 2,402 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 15 . The increase was principally driven by a 182 million, or 15 , increase in net sales in the North America On-Highway end market principally driven by strength in customer demand for last mile delivery, regional haul and vocational trucks, an 82 million, or 22 , increase in net sales in the Outside North America On-Highway end market principally driven by the continued execution of our growth initiatives in EMEA, Asia-Pacific and South America, a 72 million, or 51 , increase in net sales in the Global Off-Highway end market principally driven by demand for hydraulic fracturing applications in the energy sector as well as higher demand in the mining and construction sectors and a 71 million, or 14 , increase in net sales in the Service Parts, Support Equipment and Other end market principally driven by higher demand for global service parts and support equipment and price increases on certain products, partially offset by a 40 million, or 22 , decrease in net sales in the Defense end market principally driven by lower usage of defense vehicles during the COVID-19 pandemic leading to lower demand for Tracked and Wheeled vehicle applications. 
 Cost of sales 
 Cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,472 million compared to 1,257 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 17 . The increase was principally driven by increased direct material and manufacturing expense commensurate with increased net sales and higher direct material costs. 
 39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Gross profit 
 Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,297 million compared to 1,145 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 13 . The increase was principally driven by 170 million related to increased net sales and 119 million of price increases on certain products, partially offset by 96 million of higher direct material costs and 38 million of higher manufacturing expense commensurate with increased net sales. Gross profit as a percent of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 90 basis points compared to the same period in 2021 principally driven by increased cost of goods sold, partially offset by price increases on certain products. 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 328 million compared to 305 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 8 . The increase was principally driven by higher product warranty expense and higher commercial activities spending. 
 Engineering research and development 
 Engineering expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 185 million compared to 171 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 8 . The increase was principally driven by increased product initiatives spending. 
 Interest expense, net 
 Interest expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 118 million compared to 116 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 2 . The increase was principally driven by 10 million of higher interest expense on ATI's Term Loan due to higher variable interest rates, partially offset by 8 million of lower interest expense on interest rate hedges. 
 Other (expense) income, net 
 Other (expense) income, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 21) million compared to 19 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was principally driven by 26 million of unfavorable change in marketable securities, 6 million of unfavorable foreign exchange on intercompany financing and 5 million of unfavorable change associated with assets held in a rabbi trust. 
 Income tax expense 
 Income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 114 million resulting in an effective tax rate of 18 , compared to 130 million of income tax expense and an effective tax rate of 23 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in income tax expense was principally driven by enacted state tax rate legislation that resulted in a deferred tax benefit, partially offset by increased taxable income. The decrease in the effective tax rate was principally driven by enacted state tax rate legislation that resulted in a deferred tax benefit. 
 40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We generate cash primarily from operations to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. Our principal uses of cash are operating expenses, capital expenditures, working capital needs, debt service, dividends on common stock, stock repurchases, and strategic growth initiatives, including investments, acquisitions and collaborations. Our ability to generate cash in the future and our future uses of cash are subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that may be beyond our control. We had total available cash and cash equivalents of 232 million and 127 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Of the available cash and cash equivalents, 121 million was deposited in operating accounts and 111 million was invested in U.S. government backed securities as of December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021, when all of the 127 million was deposited in operating accounts. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total of cash held by foreign subsidiaries was 57 million, the majority of which was at our subsidiaries located in China, the Netherlands, Japan and India. We manage our worldwide cash requirements considering available funds among the subsidiaries through which we conduct our business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. As a result, we do not currently anticipate that local liquidity restrictions will preclude us from funding our targeted expectations or operating needs with local resources. 
 We have not recognized any deferred tax liabilities associated with earnings in foreign subsidiaries, except for our subsidiary located in China, as they are intended to be permanently reinvested and used to support foreign operations or have no associated tax requirements. We have recorded a deferred tax liability of 3 million for the tax liability associated with the remittance of previously taxed income and unremitted earnings for our subsidiary located in China. The remaining deferred tax liabilities, if recorded, related to unremitted earnings that are indefinitely reinvested are not material. 
 Our liquidity requirements are significant, primarily due to our debt service requirements. As of December 31, 2022, we had 625 million of indebtedness associated with ATI s Term Loan, 400 million of indebtedness associated with ATI s 4.75 Senior Notes due October 2027 4.75 Senior Notes ), 500 million of indebtedness associated with ATI s 5.875 Senior Notes due June 2029 5.875 Senior Notes and 1,000 million of indebtedness associated with ATI s 3.75 Senior Notes due January 2031 3.75 Senior Notes and, together with the 4.75 Senior Notes and 5.875 Senior Notes, the Senior Notes ). Short-term and long-term debt service liquidity requirements consist of 2 million of minimum required quarterly principal payments on ATI s Term Loan through its maturity date of March 2026 and periodic interest payments on ATI s Term Loan and the Senior Notes. There are no required quarterly principal payments on the Senior Notes. Long-term debt service liquidity requirements also consist of the payment in full of any remaining principal balance of ATI s Term Loan and the Senior Notes upon their respective maturity dates. 
 We made 7 million of principal payments on the Term Loan during each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Our ability to make payments on and refinance our indebtedness and to fund planned capital expenditures and growth initiatives will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. 
 41 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The Senior Secured Credit Facility provides for a 650 million Revolving Credit Facility, net of an allowance for up to 75 million in outstanding letter of credit commitments. Throughout the year ended December 31, 2022, we made periodic withdrawals and payments on the Revolving Credit Facility as part of our cash management plans. The maximum amount outstanding at any time during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 75 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had 644 million available under the Revolving Credit Facility, net of 6 million in letters of credit. As of December 31, 2022, we had no amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. If we have commitments outstanding on the Revolving Credit Facility at the end of a fiscal quarter, the Senior Secured Credit Facility requires us to maintain a specified maximum first lien net leverage ratio of 5.50x. Additionally, within the terms of the Senior Secured Credit Facility, a first lien net leverage ratio at or below 4.00x results in the elimination of excess cash flow payments on the Senior Secured Credit Facility for the applicable year. As of December 31, 2022, our first lien net leverage ratio was 0.41x. The Senior Secured Credit Facility also provides certain financial incentives based on our first lien net leverage ratio. A first lien net leverage ratio at or below 4.00x and above 3.50x results in a 25 basis point reduction to the applicable margin on the Revolving Credit Facility. A first lien net leverage ratio at or below 3.50x results in an additional 25 basis point reduction to the applicable margin on the Revolving Credit Facility. These reductions remain in effect as long as we achieve a first lien net leverage ratio at or below the related threshold. 
 In addition, the Credit Agreement includes, among other things, customary restrictions (subject to certain exceptions) on our ability to incur certain indebtedness, grant certain liens, make certain investments, engage in acquisitions, consolidations and mergers, declare or pay certain dividends, and repurchase shares of our common stock. The indentures governing the Senior Notes contain negative covenants restricting or limiting our ability to, among other things, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness, incur liens, pay dividends on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock, make certain investments, permit payment or dividend restrictions on certain of our subsidiaries, sell assets, engage in certain transactions with affiliates, and consolidate or merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants under the Senior Secured Credit Facility and indentures governing the Senior Notes. 
 Our credit ratings are reviewed by Moody s Investors Service Moody s and Fitch Ratings Fitch ). As of December 31, 2022, our credit ratings from both Moody's and Fitch are shown in the table below: 

December 31, 2022 

Credit Ratings 
 
 Moody's 
 
 Fitch 

Corporate Credit 
 
 Ba1 
 
 BB+ 

Term Loan 
 
 Baa2 
 
 BBB- 

4.75 Senior Notes 
 
 Ba2 
 
 BB+ 

5.875 Senior Notes 
 
 Ba2 
 
 BB+ 

3.75 Senior Notes 
 
 Ba2 
 
 BB+ 

We anticipate that our capital expenditures in 2023 will be lower than 2022 and expect increased cash income taxes as a result of lower deductions in 2023 related to our intangible assets. 
 Our current stock repurchase program was originally authorized by the Board of Directors in 2016. On February 24, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase an additional 1,000 million of our common stock, bringing the total amount authorized under the Repurchase Program to 4,000 million. During 2022, we repurchased approximately 278 million of our common stock under the Repurchase Program. All of the repurchase transactions during 2022 were settled in cash during the same period. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1,035 million available under the Repurchase Program. 
 42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following table shows our sources and uses of funds for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in millions): 

Years ended December 31, 

Statement of Cash Flows Data 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows provided by operating activities 

657 

635 

561 

Cash flows used for investing activities 

(183) 

(212) 

(111) 

Cash flows used for financing activities 

(367) 

(604) 

(335) 

Generally, cash provided by operating activities has been adequate to fund our operations. We have significant liquidity, including 232 million of cash and cash equivalents and 644 million available under the Revolving Credit Facility, net of 6 million in letters of credit, as of December 31, 2022. At this time, we believe cash provided by operating activities, cash and cash equivalents and borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet our known and anticipated cash requirements for the next twelve months and thereafter. 
 Cash provided by operating activities 
 Operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 generated 657 million of cash compared to 635 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was principally driven by higher gross profit, partially offset by higher cash incentive compensation payments, higher cash income taxes and higher cash interest payments. 
 Cash used for investing activities 
 Investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 used 183 million of cash compared to 212 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was principally driven by a 41 million investment in marketable securities in 2021 that did not reoccur in 2022 and an 8 million decrease in capital expenditures, partially offset by 23 million in cash paid for business acquisitions during 2022 compared to none in 2021. 
 Cash used for financing activities 
 Financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 used 367 million of cash compared to 604 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was principally driven by 278 million of stock repurchases in 2022 compared to 513 million of stock repurchases in 2021 under the Repurchase Program. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of some assets and liabilities and, in some instances, the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the applicable reporting period. Differences between actual amounts and estimates are recorded in the period identified. Estimates can require a significant amount of judgment, and a different set of judgments could result in changes to our reported results. A summary of our critical accounting estimates is included below. 
 43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Revenue recognition contains uncertainties because it requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the amount of sales incentives and provision for government price reductions. Distributor and customer sales incentives, consisting of allowances and other rebates, are estimated at the time of sale based upon history and experience and are recorded as a reduction to net sales. Incentive programs are generally product specific or region specific. Some factors used in estimating the cost of incentives include the number of transmissions that will be affected by the incentive program and the rate of acceptance of any incentive program. If the actual number of affected transmissions differs from this estimate, or if a different mix of incentives is actually paid, the impact on net sales would be recorded in the period that the change was identified. Assuming our current mix of sales incentives, a 10 change in sales incentives would correspondingly change our earnings by approximately 10 million. 
 Under the terms of certain previous U.S. government contracts, there were price reduction clauses and provisions for potential price reductions which are estimated at the time of sale based upon history and experience, and finalized after completion of U.S. government audits. Given our current price reduction reserve for government contracts, a 10 adjustment in our price reduction reserve would correspondingly change our earnings by approximately 5 million. Since 2014, Allison contracts with the U.S. Government have generally been firm, fixed price contracts and therefore have not required re-calculation of pricing based on cost principles. 
 Further information is provided in Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8., of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 We have elected to perform our annual impairment tests for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets on October 31 of every year using a multi-step impairment test. In Step 0, we have the option to evaluate various qualitative factors to determine the likelihood of impairment. If we determine that the fair value is more likely than not less than the carrying value, then we are required to perform Step 1. If we do not elect to perform Step 0, we can voluntarily proceed directly to Step 1. In Step 1, we perform a quantitative analysis to compare the fair value to our carrying value. If the fair value exceeds the carrying value, no impairment is recorded, and we are not required to perform further testing. If the carrying value exceeds fair value, we would record an impairment loss equal to the difference. 
 A qualitative assessment contains uncertainties because it requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to assess business changes, economic outlook, financial trends and forecasts, growth rates, credit ratings, equity ratings, discount rates, industry data and other relevant qualitative factors. 
 A quantitative analysis contains uncertainties because it is performed utilizing a discounted cash flow model which includes key assumptions, such as financial forecasts; net sales growth derived from market information, industry reports, marketing programs and future new product introductions; operating margin improvements derived from cost reduction programs and fixed cost leverage driven by higher sales volumes; and a risk-adjusted discount rate. 
 Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price paid over the fair value of net assets acquired. In accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB authoritative accounting guidance on goodwill, we do not amortize goodwill but rather evaluate it for impairment on an annual basis, or more often if events or circumstances change that could cause goodwill to become impaired. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is the same as our one operating and reportable segment. We do not aggregate any components into our reporting unit. 
 44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Goodwill impairment testing for 2022 was performed using the Step 0 analysis by assessing certain qualitative trends and factors. These trends and factors were compared to, and based on, the assumptions used in prior years. After reviewing the various qualitative factors mentioned above, our 2022 annual goodwill impairment test indicated that the fair value for the reporting unit more likely than not exceeded its carrying value, indicating no impairment. 
 Other intangible assets have both indefinite and finite useful lives. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized but are tested annually for impairment, or more often if events or circumstances change that could cause intangible assets with indefinite useful lives to become impaired. After reviewing the various qualitative factors mentioned above, our annual 2022 indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment tests, as of October 31, 2022, indicated that the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets more likely than not exceeded their respective carrying values, indicating no impairment. 
 Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives and reviewed for impairment when circumstances change that would create a triggering event. Customer relationships are amortized over the life in which expected benefits are to be consumed. The other remaining finite life intangibles are amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful lives. We evaluate the remaining useful life of the other intangible assets on a periodic basis to determine whether events or circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining useful life. Assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful lives of our intangible and other long-lived assets are complex and subjective. Such assumptions and estimates can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors, such as changes in our business strategy and internal forecasts. Although management believes the historical assumptions and estimates are reasonable and appropriate, different assumptions and estimates could materially impact our reported financial results. Further information is provided in Note 6. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8., of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 The carrying value of long-lived assets is evaluated whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable. Events or circumstances that would result in an impairment review primarily include a significant change in the use of an asset, or the planned sale or disposal of an asset. The asset would be considered impaired when there is no future use planned for the asset or the future net undiscounted cash flows generated by the asset or asset group are less than its carrying value. An impairment loss would be recognized based on the amount by which the carrying value exceeds fair value. 
 Assumptions and estimates used to determine cash flows in the evaluation of impairment and the fair values used to determine the impairment are subject to a degree of judgment and complexity. Any changes to the assumptions and estimates resulting from changes in actual results or market conditions from those anticipated may affect the carrying value of long-lived assets and could result in an impairment charge. 
 45 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Warranty 
 Provisions for estimated expenses related to product warranties are made at the time products are sold. Warranty claims arise when a transmission fails while in service during the relevant warranty period. The warranty reserve is adjusted in Selling, general and administrative expense based on our current and historical warranty claims paid and associated repair costs. These estimates are established using historical information including the nature, frequency, and average cost of warranty claims and are adjusted as actual information becomes available. From time to time, we may initiate a specific field action program. As a result of the uncertainty surrounding the nature and frequency of specific field action programs, the liability for such programs is recorded when we commit to an action. We review and assess the liability for these programs on a quarterly basis. We also assess our ability to recover certain costs from our suppliers and record a receivable from the supplier when we believe a recovery is probable. Warranty costs may differ from those estimated if actual claim rates are higher or lower than our historical rates. Further information is provided in Note 10. Product Warranty Liabilities of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8., of this Annual Report on Form 10-K which contains a summary of the activity in our warranty liability account for 2022, 2021 and 2020, including adjustments to pre-existing warranties. 
 Pension and Post-retirement Benefit Plans 
 Pension and OPEB costs are based upon various actuarial assumptions and methodologies as prescribed by authoritative accounting guidance. These assumptions include discount rates, expected return on plan assets, health care cost trend rates, inflation, rate of compensation increases, population demographics, mortality rates and other factors. We review all actuarial assumptions on an annual basis. 
 A change in the discount rate can have a significant impact on determining our benefit obligations. Our current discount rate is determined by matching the plans projected cash flows to a yield curve based on long-term, fixed income debt instruments available as of the measurement date of December 31, 2022. The effect of a one percentage point decrease in the assumed discount rate would result in an increase in the December 31, 2022 defined benefit pension plans obligation of approximately 17 million. Similarly, a one percentage point decrease in the assumed discount rate would result in an increase in the December 31, 2022 OPEB obligation of approximately 8 million. 
 Further information is provided in Note 15. Employee Benefit Plans of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8., of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which contains our review on various actuarial assumptions. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. The future tax benefits associated with operating loss and tax credit carryforwards are recognized as deferred tax assets. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. When releasing income tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive loss, we utilize the portfolio securities approach. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our U.S. federal income tax deductions related to our intangible assets were approximately 200 million in 2022 and are expected to be approximately 10 million in 2023 and approximately 10 million in the aggregate through 2034. Excluding our intangible asset deductions, our expected tax payments would have increased by approximately 40 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 46 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The need to establish a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets is assessed at least quarterly based on a more-likely-than-not realization threshold, in accordance with the FASB authoritative accounting guidance on income taxes. Appropriate consideration is given to all positive and negative evidence related to that realization. This assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of recent losses, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, and experience with tax attributes expiring unused and tax planning alternatives. The weight given to these considerations depends upon the degree to which they can be objectively verified. 
 Further information on income taxes is provided in Note 16. Income Taxes of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8., of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Business Combinations 
 We use the acquisition method to account for business combinations. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their respective estimated fair value at the date of acquisition. Any excess purchase price over the fair values of the acquired net assets is recorded as goodwill. Determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management's judgment and includes the use of estimates with respect to timing and amount of future cash flows, market rate assumptions, actuarial assumptions, appropriate discount rates and other relevant factors. 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Part II, Item 8., of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualita tive Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Our exposure to market risk consists of changes in interest rates, foreign currency rate fluctuations and movements in commodity prices. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our principal interest rate exposure relates to outstanding amounts under our Senior Secured Credit Facility. Our Senior Secured Credit Facility provides for variable rate borrowings of up to 650 million, including 644 million under our Revolving Credit Facility, net of 6 million of letters of credit. As of December 31, 2022, we held interest rate swap contracts that, in the aggregate, effectively hedge 500 million of the variable rate debt associated with the Term Loan at weighted average London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR fixed rates of 3.04 and 2.82 through September 2025. A one-eighth percent increase or decrease in assumed interest rates for the Senior Secured Credit Facility, if fully drawn as of December 31, 2022, would have an impact of approximately 1 million on interest expense per year. As of December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding borrowings against the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 The United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority has announced the intent to phase out LIBOR by June 2023. We plan to elect an alternative reference rate acceptable under reference rate reform guidance and do not expect the phase out to materially impact our financial statements, liquidity or access to capital markets. 
 Refer to Note 8. Debt and Note 9. Derivatives of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8., of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Exchange Rate Risk 
 While our net sales and costs are denominated primarily in U.S. Dollars, net sales, costs, assets and liabilities are generated in other currencies including Brazilian Real, British Pound, Canadian Dollar, Chinese Yuan Renminbi, Euro, Hungarian Forint, Indian Rupee and Japanese Yen. The expansion of our business outside North America may further increase the risk that cash flows resulting from these activities may be adversely affected by changes in currency exchange rates. 
 Assuming current levels of foreign currency transactions, a 10 aggregate increase or decrease in the Chinese Yuan Renminbi, Euro, Indian Rupee, and Japanese Yen would correspondingly change our earnings, net of tax, by an estimated 4 million per year. We believe our other direct exposure to foreign currencies is immaterial. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 We are subject to changes in our cost of sales caused by movements in underlying commodity prices. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 66 of our cost of sales consisted of purchased components with significant raw material content. A substantial portion of the purchased parts are made of aluminum and steel. The cost of aluminum parts includes an adjustment factor on future purchases for fluctuations in aluminum prices based on accepted industry indices. In addition, a substantial amount of steel-based contracts also includes an index-based component. As our costs change, we are able to pass through a portion of the changes in commodity prices to certain of our customers according to our LTAs. We historically have not entered into long-term purchase contracts related to the purchase of aluminum and steel. 
 48 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Assuming current levels of commodity purchases, a 10 variation in the price of aluminum and steel would correspondingly change our earnings by approximately 9 million and 12 million per year, respectively. 
 Many of our LTAs have incorporated a cost-sharing arrangement related to potential future commodity price fluctuations. For purposes of the sensitivity analysis above, the impact of these cost sharing arrangements has not been included. 
 49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 8. Financial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB: ID 
 51 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 53 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 54 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 55 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 56 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 57 

50 
 
 Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. 

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 51 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Product Warranty Liabilities 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated product warranty liability balance was 57 million as of December 31, 2022. Management makes provisions for the estimated product warranty liabilities at the time the products are sold. These estimates are established using historical information including the nature, frequency, and average cost of warranty claims and are adjusted as actual information becomes available. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the product warranty liabilities is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when determining the product warranty liability estimate; (ii) the high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to the significant assumptions related to the frequency and average cost of warranty claims; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s process for developing the estimate, significant assumptions, and inputs used to estimate product warranty liabilities. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing the completeness and accuracy of historical warranty claims data used in the estimate and (ii) professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the reasonableness of the frequency and average cost of warranty claims assumptions. 

/s/ 
 
 February 16, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2008. 
 
 52 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated B alance Sheets 
 (dollars in millions, except share data) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable - net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 

Inventories 

Other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Marketable securities 

Other non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Product warranty liability 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Deferred revenue 

Other current liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Product warranty liability 

Deferred revenue 

Long-term debt 

Deferred income taxes 

Other non-current liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and Contingencies (see Note 18) 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

1 

Non-voting common stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding 

Paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

() 

() 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 53 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (dollars in millions, except per share data) 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative 

Engineering research and development 

Operating income 

Interest expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

Other (expense) income, net 

() 

() 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

() 

() 

() 

Net income 

Basic earnings per share attributable to common stockholders 

Diluted earnings per share attributable to common stockholders 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 

Interest rate swaps 

() 

Pension and OPEB liability adjustment 

() 

Foreign currency translation 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

() 

Comprehensive income, net of tax 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 54 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 
 (dollars in millions) 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Unrealized loss (gain) on marketable securities 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Loss on intercompany foreign exchange 

Technology-related investments gain 

() 

() 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

Expenses related to long-term debt refinancing 

Other 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Other assets and liabilities 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Additions of long-lived assets 

() 

() 

() 

Business acquisitions 

() 

Proceeds from technology-related investments 

Proceeds from sale of assets 

Investment in equity method investee 

() 

Investment in marketable securities 

() 

Loans to third parties 

() 

Repayments from loans to third parties 

Net cash used for investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Repayments on revolving credit facility 

() 

() 

Borrowings on revolving credit facility 

Dividend payments 

() 

() 

() 

Payments on long-term debt 

() 

() 

() 

Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Payment of acquisition-related contingent liability 

() 

() 

Issuance of long-term debt 

Debt financing fees 

() 

Net cash used for financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during period for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Non-cash investing activities: 

Capital expenditures in liabilities 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 55 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (dollars in millions) 

Common Stock 
 
 Non- voting Common Stock 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Paid-in Capital 
 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, net of tax 
 
 Stockholders Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

Stock-based compensation 

Pension and OPEB liability adjustment 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Interest rate swaps 

Issuance of common stock 

Repurchase of common stock 

Dividends on common stock 

Net income 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Stock-based compensation 

Pension and OPEB liability adjustment 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Interest rate swaps 

Repurchase of common stock 

Dividends on common stock 

Net income 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Stock-based compensation 

Pension and OPEB liability adjustment 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Interest rate swaps 

Issuance of common stock 

Repurchase of common stock 

Dividends on common stock 

Net income 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 56 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 employees. Although approximately of revenues were generated in North America in 2022, the Company has a global presence by serving customers in Asia, Europe, South America and Africa. The Company serves customers through an independent network of approximately independent distributor and dealer locations worldwide. Global markets continue to experience supply chain, labor, energy and raw material constraints as a result of global economic volatility, the war in Ukraine and the COVID-19 pandemic, that impacted the Company's business in 2022 and continue to impact its business performance. As a result, during 2022 the Company experienced raw material and component part price inflation, increased freight and logistics costs, increased labor costs, production constraints due to labor shortages and increased foreign exchange volatility. In addition, the Company's net sales for 2022 were negatively impacted as a result of its customers inability to secure components from the broader commercial vehicle supply base which resulted in reduced commercial vehicle build schedules and the inability of the commercial vehicle market to produce sufficient quantities to meet demand. The Company expects that commercial vehicle build schedules will continue to be negatively impacted by the availability of components in 2023. 

operating segment and reportable segment. The Company is in one line of business, which is the manufacture and distribution of vehicle propulsion solutions. 

Buildings and building improvements 

Machinery and equipment 

Software 

Special tooling 

Software represents the costs of software developed or obtained for internal use. Software costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Software assets are reviewed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable over the remaining lives of the assets. Upgrades and enhancements are capitalized if they result in added functionality, which enables the software to perform tasks it was previously incapable of performing. Software maintenance, training, data conversion and business process reengineering costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Special tooling represents the costs to design and develop tools, dies, jigs and other items owned by the Company and used in the manufacture of components by suppliers under long-term supply agreements. Special tooling is depreciated over the tool s expected life. Special tooling used in the development of new technology is expensed as incurred. Engineering, testing and other costs incurred in the design and development of production parts are expensed as incurred. 
 Assumptions and estimates used to determine cash flows in the evaluation of impairment and the fair values used to determine the impairment are subject to a degree of judgment and complexity. Any changes to the assumptions and estimates resulting from changes in actual results or market conditions from those anticipated may affect the carrying value of long-lived assets and could result in an impairment charge. 
 impairment. Other intangible assets have both indefinite and finite useful lives. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized but are tested annually for impairment, or more often if events or circumstances change that could cause intangible assets with indefinite useful lives to become impaired. After reviewing the various qualitative factors mentioned above, the Company's annual 2022 indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment tests, as of October 31, 2022, indicated that the fair value of its indefinite-lived intangible assets more likely than not exceeded their respective carrying value, indicating no impairment. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives and reviewed for impairment when circumstances change that would create a triggering event. Customer relationships are amortized over the life in which expected benefits are to be consumed. The other remaining finite life intangibles are amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful lives. The Company evaluates the remaining useful life of the other intangible assets on a periodic basis to determine whether events or circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining useful life. Assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful lives of the Company's intangible and other long-lived assets are complex and subjective. Such assumptions and estimates can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors, such as changes in the Company's business strategy and internal forecasts. Although management believes the historical assumptions and estimates are reasonable and appropriate, different assumptions and estimates could materially impact the Company's reported financial results. Further information is provided in Note 6. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. 
 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 

after the standard warranty coverage ends. Costs associated with ETC programs are recorded as incurred during the extended period. Distributor and customer sales incentives, consisting of allowances and other rebates, are recorded as a reduction to Net sales when it is determined that the adjustment is not likely to reverse, historically on a quarterly basis. Incentive programs are generally product specific or region specific. Some factors used in estimating when an adjustment is not likely to reverse are the number of transmissions that will be affected by the incentive program and rate of acceptance of any incentive program. Sales under U.S. government production contracts are recognized at the point in time when control passes to the customer, or when the U.S. government accepts the transmission and is able to direct its use in certain bill-and-hold arrangements. Deferred revenue arises from cash received in advance of the culmination of the earnings process and is recognized as revenue in future periods when the applicable revenue recognition criteria have been met. Under the terms of previous U.S. government contracts, there were certain price reduction clauses and provisions for potential price reductions which were estimated at the time of sale based upon the Company s history and experience and were recorded as a reduction to Net sales. Potential reductions may be attributed to a change in projected sales volumes or plant efficiencies which impact overall costs. The Company had million and million recorded in the price reduction reserve account as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company engages in licensing agreements with certain third parties for the use of the Company s intellectual property. Deferred revenue arises from cash received in advance of the period of use of the intellectual property. Revenue is recognized over the license period as it is earned. The Company classifies shipping and handling billed to customers in Net sales and shipping and handling costs in Cost of sales. The Company contracts with various third parties to provide engineering services. These services are recorded as Net sales in accordance with the terms of the contract. The saleable engineering recorded was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The associated costs are recorded in Cost of sales. 

million and will expire on, and no option or other equity award may be granted pursuant to the 2015 Plan after, the tenth anniversary of the date the 2015 Plan was approved by the Board of Directors. Prior to the adoption of the 2015 Plan, the Company s equity-based awards were granted under the Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan Prior Plan ). As of the effective date of the 2015 Plan, no new awards will be granted under the Prior Plan, but the Prior Plan will continue to govern the equity awards issued under the Prior Plan. RSU grants are recorded at fair market value at the date of grant and vest upon continued performance of services by the RSU holders over one to . Performance unit grants are recorded at fair value based on a Monte-Carlo pricing model, and the restrictions lapse on the date the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors determines the number of shares that shall vest based on the related performance or market condition achievement. Non-qualified stock option grants are recorded at fair value using a Black-Scholes option pricing model and vest upon the continued performance of services by the option holder on the third anniversary of the grant date for awards under the 2015 Plan. The Company has made a policy election under applicable accounting guidance to account for forfeitures as a reduction of stock-based compensation expense when the forfeiture actually occurs. RSUs were granted to certain employees and directors at fair market value on the date of grant. The restrictions lapse upon continued performance by the RSU holder on the vest date which generally occurs over one , two or . RSU incentive compensation expense recorded was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Performance-based awards, including performance units, were granted to certain employees at fair value at the date of grant. The Company records the fair value of each performance-based award based on a Monte-Carlo pricing model. Performance-based award incentive compensation expense recorded was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Stock options were granted to certain employees at fair value on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Stock option incentive compensation expense recorded was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 
 
 by the Company in 2021 . The amendments in the update deferred the sunset date of the relief provided in reference rate reform from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2024. The Company plans to transition all reference rates prior to December 31, 2024, and the update had effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements. In October 2021, the FASB issued authoritative accounting guidance that requires contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination to be recognized as if the acquirer originated the contracts. The Company adopted this guidance effective January 1, 2023, and it will be applied prospectively to acquisitions occurring on or after the effective date. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In June 2022, the FASB issued authoritative accounting guidance that requires investments in equity securities which are measured at fair value and are subject to contractual sale restrictions to not reflect the contractual sale restriction in its fair value measurement. The guidance will be effective for the Company in fiscal year 2024, and the Company does not plan to early adopt. Management does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have an impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

material adjustments based on variable consideration during either of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. Net sales are made on credit terms, generally days , based on an assessment of the customer s creditworthiness. For certain goods or services, the Company receives consideration prior to satisfying the related performance obligation. Such consideration is recorded as a contract liability in current and non-current deferred revenue as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. See Note 11. Deferred Revenue for more information including the amount of revenue earned during the year ended December 31, 2022 that had been previously deferred. The Company had material contract assets as of either December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company has operating segment and reportable segment. The Company is in line of business, which is the manufacture and distribution of vehicle propulsion solutions. 

North America Off-Highway 

Defense 

Outside North America On-Highway 

Outside North America Off-Highway 

Service Parts, Support Equipment and Other 

Total Net Sales 

Disaggregated revenue by end market is further described as follows: North America On-Highway Revenue from the North America On-Highway end market is driven by the sale of propulsion solutions to original equipment manufacturers OEMs ), distributors and dealers that install the product into Class 4-5, Class 6-7 and Class 8 straight trucks, Class 8 day cab tractors, conventional transit, shuttle and coach buses, school buses and motorhome applications. Revenue is recognized at the point in time when control passes to the customer, which is based on shipping terms when the order is fulfilled by the Company. North America Off-Highway Revenue from the North America Off-Highway end market is driven by sales of transmissions to OEMs and distributors that serve end users who operate vehicles and auxiliary equipment in energy, mining and construction applications. Revenue is recognized at the point in time when control passes to the customer, which is based on shipping terms when the order is fulfilled by the Company. Defense Revenue from the Defense end market is driven by sales of propulsion solutions to the U.S. Government or its contractors and sales to certain government contractors outside of the U.S. for use in both wheeled and tracked defense vehicle applications. Revenue is recognized at the point in time when control passes to the customer, which is based on shipping terms when the order is fulfilled by the Company. Periodically, the Company and the U.S. Government will enter into a bill-and-hold arrangement where a completed transmission physically remains at the Company s facility at the request of the U.S. Government. Revenue is recognized at the point in time when it is determined that the U.S. Government accepts the transmission and is able to direct its use. Outside North America On-Highway Revenue from the Outside North America On-Highway end market is driven by the sale of propulsion solutions to OEMs and distributors that produce vehicles for commercial users in medium- and heavy-duty applications. Revenue is recognized at the point in time when control passes to the customer, which is based on shipping terms when the order is fulfilled by the Company. Outside North America Off-Highway Revenue from the Outside North America Off-Highway end market is driven by sales of transmissions to OEMs and distributors serving end users who operate vehicles and auxiliary equipment in energy, mining and construction applications. Revenue is recognized at the point in time when control passes to the customer, which is based on shipping terms when the order is fulfilled by the Company. Service Parts, Support Equipment and Other Revenue from the Service Parts, Support Equipment and Other end market is primarily derived from the sale of transmission parts and fluid purchased for the normal maintenance and repair needs of products in service, the sale of aluminum die cast components purchased as original parts and the sale of ETC contracts which extend the warranty coverages of propulsion solutions beyond the standard warranty period. Revenue is recognized on sales of service parts, support equipment and aluminum die cast components at the point in time when control passes to the customer, which is based on shipping terms when the order is fulfilled by the Company. Revenue from the sale of ETC contracts is recognized ratably over the time period that corresponds with the period of coverage, as the Company has determined this method best depicts the progress towards satisfaction of its performance obligation. ETC contracts are typically sold in one - to durations within the North America On-Highway, Outside North America On-Highway, North America Off-Highway and Outside North America Off-Highway end markets. The ETC contract period begins when the standard warranty coverage period ends. All consideration allocated to an ETC performance obligation is initially deferred until the coverage period begins. 

Work in progress 

Service parts 

Finished goods 

Total inventories 

Inventory components shipped to third parties, primarily cores, parts to re-manufacturers, and parts to contract manufacturers, which the Company has an obligation to buy back, are included in purchased parts and raw materials, with an offsetting liability in Other current liabilities. See Note 14. Other Current Liabilities for more information. 

Buildings and building improvements 

Special tooling 

Software 

Construction in progress 

Land and land improvements 

Total property, plant and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

 million and million, respectively. 

In process research and development 

Customer relationships commercial 

() 

() 

Proprietary technology 

() 

() 

Customer relationships defense 

() 

() 

Non-compete agreement 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Amortization of intangible assets was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the net carrying value of the Company s Goodwill and Other intangible assets, net was million and million, respectively. The Company s 2022 annual goodwill impairment test indicated that the fair value of the reporting unit more likely than not exceeded its carrying value, indicating no impairment. The Company's 2022 annual indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment test indicated that the fair value of the Company s indefinite-lived intangible assets more likely than not exceeded their carrying value, indicating impairment. 

Acquisition 

Foreign currency translation 

() 

Net current period impact to goodwill 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

69 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 t have any Level 3 financial assets or liabilities. 
 The Company s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value include cash equivalents, marketable securities, derivative instruments, assets held in a rabbi trust and a deferred compensation obligation. The Company s cash equivalents consist of short-term U.S. government backed securities. The Company's marketable securities consist of publicly traded stock of Jing-Jin Electric Technologies Co. Ltd., which has a readily determinable fair value. The Company s derivative instruments consist of interest rate swaps. The Company s assets held in the rabbi trust consist principally of publicly available mutual funds and target date retirement funds. The Company s deferred compensation obligation is directly related to the fair value of assets held in the rabbi trust. The Company s valuation techniques used to calculate the fair value of cash equivalents, marketable securities, assets held in the rabbi trust and the deferred compensation obligation represent a market approach in active markets for identical assets that qualify as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. The Company s valuation techniques used to calculate the fair value of derivative instruments represent a market approach with observable inputs that qualify as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. The Company uses valuations from the issuing financial institutions for the fair value measurement of interest rate swaps. The floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps are based on the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), which is observable at commonly quoted intervals. The fair values are included in other current and non-current assets and liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 9. Derivatives for more information regarding the Company s interest rate swaps. 

Marketable securities 

Derivative assets (liabilities), net 

() 

() 

Rabbi trust assets 

Deferred compensation obligation 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

Senior Notes, fixed , due 

Senior Notes, fixed , due 

Senior Notes, fixed , due 

Total long-term debt 

Less: current maturities of long-term debt 

deferred financing costs, net (see Note 2) 

Total long-term debt, net 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of indebtedness associated with Allison Transmission, Inc. s ATI ), the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Senior Notes due 4.75 Senior Notes ), ATI s Senior Notes due 5.875 Senior Notes ), ATI s Senior Notes due 3.75 Senior Notes and, together with the 4.75 Senior Notes and 5.875 Senior Notes, the Senior Notes and the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2019, as amended (the Credit Agreement ), governing ATI s term loan facility in the amount of million due Term Loan and ATI s revolving credit facility with commitments in the amount of million due Revolving Credit Facility and, together with the Term Loan, the Senior Secured Credit Facility ). The fair value of the Company s long-term debt obligations as of December 31, 2022 was million. The fair value is based on quoted Level 2 market prices of the Company s debt as of December 31, 2022. The difference between the fair value and carrying value of the long-term debt is driven primarily by trends in the financial markets. Senior Secured Credit Facility The borrowings under the Senior Secured Credit Facility are collateralized by a lien on substantially all assets of the Company, ATI and certain existing and future U.S. subsidiary guarantors, as provided in the Credit Agreement. Interest on the Term Loan, as of December 31, 2022 , is either (a) over a LIBOR rate on deposits in U.S. dollars for one-, two-, three- or six-month periods (or twelve-month or shorter periods if, at the time of the borrowing, available from all relevant lenders) (the LIBOR Rate ), or (b) over the greater of the prime lending rate as quoted by the administrative agent, the LIBOR Rate for an interest period of one month plus and the federal funds effective rat e published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York plus , subject to a floor (the Base Rate ). As of December 31, 2022, the Company elected to pay the lowest all-in rate of LIBOR plus the applicable margin, or , on the Term Loan. The Credit Agreement requires minimum quarterly principal payments on the Term Loan, as well as prepayments from certain net cash proceeds of non-ordinary course asset sales and casualty and condemnation events, the incurrence of certain debt and from a percentage of excess cash flow, if applicable. The minimum required quarterly principal payment on the Term Loan through its maturity date of is million. As of December 31, 2022, there had been no payments required for certain net cash proceeds of non-ordinary course asset sales and casualty and condemnation events. The remaining principal balance is due upon maturity. The Senior Secured Credit Facility also provides a Revolving C redit Facility, net of an allowance for up to million in outstanding letters of credit commitments. Throughout the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made periodic withdrawals and payments on the Revolving Credit Facility as part of the Company's cash management plans. The maximum amount outstanding at any time during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million available under the Revolving Credit Facility, net of million in letters of cred it. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a variable base rate plus an applicable margin based on the Company s first lien net leverage ratio. When the Company s first lien net leverage ratio is above x, interest on the Revolving Credit Facility is (a) over the Base Rate or (b) over the LIBOR Rate; when the Company s first lien net leverage ratio is equal to or less than x and above x, interest on the Revolving Credit Facility is (i) over the Base Rate or (ii) over the LIBOR Rate; and when the Company s first lien net leverage ratio is equal to or below x, interest on the Revolving Credit Facility is (y) over the Base Rate or (z) over the LIBOR Rate. As of December 31, 2022, the applicable margin for the Revolving Credit Facility was . In addition, there is an annual commitment fee, based on the Company s first lien net leverage ratio, on the average unused revolving credit borrowings available under the Revolving Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022, the commitment fee is . Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility are payable at the option of the Company throughout the term of the Senior Secured Credit Facility with the balance due in September 2025. The Senior Secured Credit Facility requires the Company to maintain a specified maximum first lien net leverage ratio of x when revolving loan commitments remain outstanding on the Revolving Credit Facility at the end of a fiscal quarter. As of December 31, 2022, the Compa ny had amounts ou tstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility; however, the Company would have been in compliance with the maximum first lien net leverage ratio, achieving a x ratio. Additionally, within the terms of the Senior Secured Credit Facility, a first lien net leverage ratio at or below x resu lts in the elimination of excess cash flow payments on the Senior Secured Credit Facility for the applicable year. In addition, the Credit Agreement, among other things, includes customary restrictions (subject to certain exceptions) on the Company s ability to incur certain indebtedness, grant certain liens, make certain investments, engage in acquisitions, consolidations and mergers, declare or pay certain dividends or repurchase shares of the Company s common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Agreement. Senior Notes Each series of the Senior Notes is unsecured and is guaranteed by each of ATI s domestic subsidiaries that is a borrower under or guarantees the Senior Secured Credit Facility and are unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by any of ATI s future domestic subsidiaries that are borrowers under or guarantee the Senior Secured Credit Facility. None of ATI s domestic subsidiaries currently guarantee its obligations under the Senior Secured Credit Facility, and therefore none of ATI s domestic subsidiaries currently guarantee any series of the Senior Notes. The indentures governing the Senior Notes contain negative covenants restricting or limiting the Company s ability to, among other things: incur or guarantee additional indebtedness, incur liens, pay dividends on, redeem or repurchase the Company s capital stock, make certain investments, permit payment or dividend restrictions on certain of the Company s subsidiaries, sell assets, engage in certain transactions with affiliates, and consolidate or merge or sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the indentures governing the Senior Notes. In November 2020, ATI redeemed all of its outstanding Senior Notes due 2024 (the 5.0 Senior Notes ), resulting in a loss of million, which included the premium between the purchase price of the Senior Notes and the face value of such notes and the deferred financing fees written off. ATI may from time to time seek to retire its Senior Notes through cash purchases, exchanges for equity securities, open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, contractual redemptions or otherwise. Such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors and will be in accordance with the respective indenture governing such notes. The amounts involved may be material. Some or all of the Senior Notes may be redeemed at any time at redemption prices specified in the indenture governing such notes. Some or all of the Senior Notes may be redeemed prior to by paying a price equal to of the principal amount being redeemed, plus an applicable premium . At any time on or after , ATI may redeem some or all of the Senior Notes at redemption prices specified in the indenture governing such notes. ATI may redeem up to of the Senior Notes prior to by paying a price equal to of the principal amount being redeemed. On or after and prior to , ATI may redeem some or all of the Senior Notes by paying a price equal to of the principal amount being redeemed, plus an applicable premium . At any time on or after , ATI may redeem some or all of the Senior Notes at redemption prices specified in the indenture governing such notes. 

September 2022 - September 2025 

Other non-current assets 

Total derivative assets 

Derivative Liabilities: 

Interest rate swaps 
 
 Other current liabilities 

Other non-current liabilities 

Total derivative liabilities 

The balance of derivative gains and (losses) recorded in AOCL as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. The Company had million of derivative gains recorded in AOCL expected to be reclassified to earnings within the next twelve months as of December 31, 2022. See Note 17. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss for information regarding activity recorded as a component of AOCL during the year ended December 31, 2022 . 

 million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the current and non-current product warranty liabilities were million and million, respectively. 

Payments 

() 

() 

() 

Increase in liability (warranty issued during period) 

Net adjustments to liability 

Ending balance 

The adjustments to the total liability in 2022, 2021 and 2020 were the result of general changes in estimates for various products and specific field action programs as additional claims data and field information became available. In 2020, the Company recorded a million product warranty adjustment to address a transmission performance issue associated with shift quality in a defined population of products. As a result of this performance issue, the Company created a field action program in 2019 dedicated to the defined population of products and reviewed, assessed and made adjustments to the liability on a quarterly basis. The product warranty adjustment in 2020 was the result of additional claims data and field information becoming available. 

 74 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the current and non-current deferred revenue were million and million, respectively. 

Increases 

Revenue earned 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

Deferred revenue recorded in current and non-current liabilities related to ETC as of December 31, 2022 were million and million, respectively. Deferred revenue recorded in current and non-current liabilities related to ETC as of December 31, 2021 were million and million, respectively. 

 . 
 Certain lease contracts may contain an option to extend or terminate the lease. The Company considers the economic impact of extension and termination options by contract. If the Company concludes it is reasonably certain an option will be exercised, that option is included in the lease term and impacts the amount recorded as an ROU asset and lease liability upon inception of the contract. The Company's lease liability is determined by discounting the future cash flows over the lease period. The Company determines its discount rates utilizing current secured financing rates based on the length of the lease period plus the Company's margin over LIBOR on the Term Loan. The Company believes this rate effectively represents a borrowing rate the Company could obtain on a debt instrument possessing similar terms as the lease. Lease liabilities are classified between current and non-current liabilities based on the terms of the underlying leases. The weighted average discount rate on operating leases as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. As of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Compa ny recorded current and non-current operating lease liabilities of million and m illion, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

ROU assets are calculated as the related lease liability adjusted for lease incentives, prepayments and the effect of escalating lease payments on period expense. 

Land 

Vehicles 

Total ROU assets 

The weighted average remaining lease term as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was years and years, respectively. Operating lease expense was milli on and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was recorded within Selling, general and administrative expense and Engineering research and development on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. There was material short-term operating lease expense for either of the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. The calculation of the Company's ROU assets and lease liabilities did not include cash consideration as of either December 31, 2022 or 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, of new ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations. 

Loss on foreign exchange 

() 

() 

() 

Post-retirement benefit plan amendment credits 

Technology-related investments gain 

Expenses related to long-term debt refinancing 

() 

Other 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

76 
 
 Table of Contents 

Sales allowances 

Taxes payable 

Accrued interest payable 

Vendor buyback obligation 

Lease liability 

Derivative liabilities 

Other accruals 

Total 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company is also responsible for OPEB costs (medical, dental, vision, and life insurance) for hourly employees hired prior to May 19, 2008, excluding those employees eligible to retire at the time of the sale of the Company. The plan is unfunded and any future payments will be funded by the Company s operating cash flows. Obligations, Funded Status and Recognition in the Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Actuarial gain 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Benefit obligation at end of year 

Fair Value of Plan Assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

Actual return on plan assets 

() 

() 

Employer contributions 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

Net Funded Status 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet: 

Noncurrent assets 

Current liabilities 

() 

() 

Noncurrent liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss: 

Prior service credit 

Actuarial (gain) loss 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

The accumulated benefit obligation for the Company's pension plans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. The Company's Pension and OPEB benefit obligations decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 principally driven by the increase in weighted-average discount rates used to value each respective benefit obligation. 

Rate of compensation increase (salaried) 

N/A 

N/A 

The discount rate is used to determine the present value of the Company s benefit obligations. The Company s discount rate is determined by matching the plans projected cash flows to a yield curve based on long-term, fixed income debt instruments available as of the measurement date of December 31, 2022. The Company reviews all actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and in the case of remeasurement. 

Fair value of plan assets 
 
 N/A 1 
 
 N/A 1 

Plans with accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets: 

Accumulated benefit obligation 
 
 N/A 1 
 
 N/A 1 

Fair value of plan assets 
 
 N/A 1 
 
 N/A 1 

(1) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the hourly defined pension plan had plan assets greater than the p rojected benefit obligation and the accumulated benefit obligation. 

Net Periodic Benefit Cost 

Interest cost 

Expected return on assets 

() 

() 

() 

Settlement loss 

Prior service credit 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Recognized actuarial loss 

Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) 

() 

() 

() 

Other changes recognized in other comprehensive income: 

Net (gain) loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Amortizations 

() 

() 

Total recognized other comprehensive (income) loss 

() 

() 

() 

The components of net periodic benefit costs other than the service cost component are included in Other (expense) income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The voluntary and involuntary separation programs in the second quarter of 2020 resulted in a one-time, non-cash settlement charge of million recorded in Other (expense) income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 

Rate of compensation increase (salaried) 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Expected return on assets 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

The overall expected rate of return on plan assets is based upon historical and expected future returns consistent with the expected benefit duration of the plan for each asset group adjusted for investment and administrative fees. Health care cost trends are used to project future post-retirement benefits payable from the Company s plans. As of December 31, 2022, future post-retirement health care costs were forecasted assuming an initial annual increase of up to , decreasing to an annual increase of up to by the year . The Company reviews all actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and in the case of remeasurement. Pension Plan Assets The Company s pension plan assets mostly consist of diversified equity securities and diversified debt securities. 

Diversified equity securities 

Cash equivalents 

Total 

The Company s investment strategy with respect to pension plan assets is to invest the assets in accordance with laws and regulations. The long-term primary objectives for the Company s pension assets are to provide results that meet or exceed the plans actuarially assumed long-term rate of return without subjecting the funds to undue risk. 

Diversified equity securities 

Diversified debt securities 

Total 

Throughout 2022, the Company s investment committee has continued to evaluate the investments and take steps toward the established targets. Expected Contributions and Benefit Payments 

Expected Benefit Payments: 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028-2032 

Expected benefit payments for pension and post-retirement benefits will be paid from plan trusts or corporate assets. The Company s funding policy is to contribute amounts annually that are at least equal to the amounts required by applicable laws and regulations or to directly fund payments to plan participants. Additional discretionary contributions will be made when deemed appropriate to meet the Company s long-term obligation to the plans. Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Plan The Company maintains a non-qualified deferred compensation plan Deferred Compensation Plan for a select group of management. Under the terms of the plan, the Company has utilized a rabbi trust to accumulate assets to fund its promise to pay benefits under the Deferred Compensation Plan. The rabbi trust is an irrevocable trust, which restricts any use of funds (operational or otherwise) by the Company other than to pay benefits under the Deferred Compensation Plan, and prevents immediate taxation of contributed amounts. Funds are accumulated through both employee deferrals and a Company match. Funds can be invested by the employee into a diversified group of investment options, which have been selected by the Company s investment committee, that are all categorized as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. The Company match resulted in charge to the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for any of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and the fair value of the rabbi trust plan assets and deferred compensation obligation was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

Foreign income 

Total 

U.S. state and local 

Foreign 

Total Current 

Deferred income tax expense, net: 

U.S. federal 

U.S. state and local 

() 

Foreign 

() 

Total Deferred 

() 

Total income tax expense 

Effect of tax rate changes 

() 

State tax expense 

Tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Foreign rate differential 

() 

() 

() 

Uncertain tax position 

() 

Non-deductible expenses 

Other adjustments 

() 

Total income tax expense 

The effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The change in the effective tax rate in 2022 was due to enacted state tax rate legislation that resulted in a deferred tax benefit. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 reflect the effect of temporary differences between amounts of assets, liabilities and equity for financial reporting purposes and the bases of such assets, liabilities and equity as measured by tax laws, as well as tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. Net deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as non-current in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As described above, the deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured based on the enacted tax rates that will apply in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or paid. The Co mpany has not recognized any deferred tax liabilities associated with earnings in foreign subsidiaries, except for its subsidiary located in China, as they are intended to be permanently reinvested and used to support foreign operations or have no associated tax requirements. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded a deferred tax liability of million for the tax liability associated with the remittance of previously taxed income and unremitted earnings for its subsidiary located in China. 

Deferred revenue 

Capitalized research 

Warranty accrual 

Stock-based compensation 

Inventories 

Sales allowances and rebates 

Tax credits 

Operating loss carryforwards 

Technology-related investments 

Unrealized loss on Interest rate hedges 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowances 

() 

() 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Goodwill 

() 

() 

Trade name 

() 

() 

Property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 

Intangibles 

() 

() 

Post-retirement 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

Management has determined, based on an evaluation of available objective and subjective evidence, that it is more likely than not that certain foreign deferred tax assets will not be realized; therefore, these deferred tax assets are offset with a valuation allowance of million as of D ecember 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. The 2017 U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act requires taxpayers to capitalize and amortize specified research and development expenditures over a period of for domestic or for foreign research, beginning with the tax years after December 31, 2021. As a result, the Company recognized a deferred tax asset of million as of December 31, 2022. All of the Company's tax returns, once filed, will remain subject to examination by the various taxing authorities for the duration of the applicable statute of limitations (generally three years from the earlier of the date of filing or the due date of the return). 

 83 
 
 Table of Contents 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications 

() 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from AOCL 

() 

() 

Income tax benefit 

Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

() 

() 

AOCL as of December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 

() 

Amounts reclassified from AOCL 

() 

Income tax expense 

() 

() 

() 

Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

AOCL as of December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 

() 

Amounts reclassified from AOCL 

() 

() 

Income tax expense 

() 

() 

() 

Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

Interest expense, net 

Prior service credit 

Other (expense) income, net 

Total reclassifications, before tax 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

() 
 
 Income tax expense 

Total reclassifications 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 

AOCL Components 
 
 Amounts reclassified from AOCL 

Affected line item in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income 

Interest rate swaps 

() 
 
 Interest expense, net 

Prior service credit 

Other (expense) income, net 

Recognized actuarial loss 

() 
 
 Other (expense) income, net 

Total reclassifications, before tax 

() 
 
 Income before income taxes 

Income tax benefit 

Income tax expense 

Total reclassifications 

() 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

AOCL Components 
 
 Amounts reclassified from AOCL 

Affected line item in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income 

Interest rate swaps 

() 
 
 Interest expense, net 

Prior service credit 

Other (expense) income, net 

Recognized actuarial loss 

() 
 
 Other (expense) income, net 

Total reclassifications, before tax 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

() 
 
 Income tax expense 

Total reclassifications 

The Company revised its disclosure of amounts reclassified from AOCL related to its interest rate swaps and the income tax benefit (expense) attributed to those reclassifications for the periods ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, which resulted in a decrease to the previously disclosed total reclassifications from AOCL. The Company believes these revisions to the disclosures are immaterial to the consolidated financial statements. Prior service cost and actuarial loss are included in the computation of the Company s net periodic benefit cost. Please see Note 15. Employee Benefit Plans for additional details. 

 million. Claims, Disputes, and Litigation The Company is party to various legal actions and administrative proceedings and subject to various claims arising in the ordinary course of business. These proceedings primarily involve commercial claims, product liability claims, personal injury claims and workers compensation claims. The Company believes that the ultimate liability, if any, in excess of amounts already provided for in the consolidated financial statements or covered by insurance on the disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. 

 and employees, respectively, with and , respectively, of those employees in the U.S. Approximately of the Company s U.S. employees were represented by unions and subject to a collective bargaining agreement as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently operating under a collective bargaining agreement with UAW Local 933 that expires in November 2023. 

Traton SE 1 

PACCAR Inc. 

(1) Traton SE acquired Navistar International Corporation in July 2021. Percentages for 2022 and 2021 include net sales to Traton SE and Navistar International Corporation. Percentages for 2020 include net sales to Navistar International Corporation only . 

Traton SE 

No supplier accounted for 10 or more of materials purchased during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020 . 

 million of its common stock, bringing the total amount authorized under the Repurchase Program to million. During 2022, the Company repurchased approximately million of its common stock under the Repurchase Program, leaving million of authorized repurchases remaining under the Repurchase Program as of December 31, 2022. The Repurchase Program h as no termination date, and the timing and amount of stock purchases are subject to market conditions and corporate needs. The Repurchase Program may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time at the Company s discretion. 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding 

Dilutive effect stock-based awards 

Diluted weighted average shares of common stock outstanding 

Basic earnings per share attributable to common stockholders 

Diluted earnings per share attributable to common stockholders 

The dilutive impact of stock-based compensation is calculated using the treasury stock method. The treasury stock method assumes that the Company uses the proceeds from the exercise of awards to repurchase common stock at the average market price during the period. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, millio n, million and million of outstanding stock options were excluded from the diluted EPS calculation because they were anti-dilutive. Basic and diluted EPS for the full-year is calculated using the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding during the year while quarterly basic and diluted EPS is calculated using the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding during the quarter; therefore, the sum of the four quarters EPS may not equal full-year EPS. 

 86 
 
 Table of Contents 

China 

Japan 

Canada 

Germany 

Mexico 

Other 

Total 

T 

India 

Hungary 

Other 

Total 

, the Company acquired transmission portfolio assets of India-based AVTEC Ltd.'s off-highway business and AVTEC's Madras Export Procession Zone off-highway component machining business, for m illion in cash. The Company accounted for this transaction under the acquisition method in accordance with authoritative guidance on business combinations. Control was obtained as of the purchase date through the purchase agreement. The acquired business was integrated into the Company's single operating segment. The purchase price allocation for this transaction resulted in the recognition of goodwill, intangible assets and property, plant and equipment of million, million a nd million, respectively. The Company has completed its i nitial accounting for the fair value of the acquired assets and liabilities, and any adjustments identified in the measurement period, which will not exceed one year from the acquisition date, will be accounted for prospectively. 

87 
 
 Table of Contents 

Total Current Assets 

Investments in and advances to subsidiaries 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Capital stock 

Paid in capital 

Treasury stock 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

() 

() 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying note is an integral part of the Parent Company only financial statements. 

 88 
 
 Table of Contents 

General and administrative fees 

Total operating income 

Other income: 

Equity earnings of consolidated subsidiary 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Comprehensive income 

The accompanying note is an integral part of the Parent Company only financial statements. 

 89 
 
 Table of Contents 

Deduct items included in net income not providing cash: 

Equity in earnings in consolidated subsidiary 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Investments in subsidiaries 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Capital contributions 

Dividends 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) during period 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

The accompanying note is an integral part of the Parent Company only financial statements. 

 90 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. 
 Schedule I Parent Co mpany only Footnote 

91 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of December 31, 2022. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Based on the evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Their report is included in Part II, Item 8., Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 92 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 93 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART III. 
 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Of ficers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this Item concerning our executive officers, directors and nominees for director and Audit Committee members and financial expert(s) and disclosure of delinquent filers under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of our last fiscal year. 
 Code of Business Conduct 
 We have adopted the Allison Code of Business Conduct that applies to all of our directors and officers and other employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. This code is publicly available through the Investor Relations section of our website at https://ir.allisontransmission.com. We will post on the Investor Relations section of our website any amendment to the Allison Code of Business Conduct, or any grant of a waiver from a provision of the Allison Code of Business Conduct. 
 ITEM 11. Executi ve Compensation 
 The information required by this Item concerning remuneration of our executive officers and directors, material transactions involving such executive officers and directors and Compensation Committee interlocks, as well as the Compensation Committee Report and CEO pay ratio disclosure, are incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of our last fiscal year. 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this Item concerning the stock ownership of management and five percent beneficial owners and securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of our last fiscal year. 
 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this Item concerning certain relationships and related person transactions, and director independence is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of our last fiscal year. 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accou nting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this Item concerning the fees and services of our independent registered public accounting firm and our Audit Committee actions with respect thereto is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of our last fiscal year. 
 94 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART IV. 
 ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financ ial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements. 
 The response to this item is included in Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules. 
 Schedule I Parent Company only Balance Sheets as of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Schedule I Parent Company only Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Schedule I Parent Company only Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and Schedule I Parent Company only Footnote are included in Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All other schedules have been omitted because they are not required or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 See the response to Item 15.(b) below. 
 (b) Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of, or are incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBIT 

3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012 filed April 26, 2012) 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 18, 2016) 

3.3 
 
 Sixth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 11, 2020) 

4.1 
 
 Form of Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed June 17, 2011) 

4.2 
 
 Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2017, between the Issuer and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee (including form of 4.75 Senior Notes due 2027) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 26, 2017) 

4.3 
 
 Indenture, dated as of March 29, 2019, between the Issuer and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee (including form of 5.875 Senior Notes due 2029) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 29, 2019) 

4.4 
 
 Indenture, dated as of November 19, 2020, between the Issuer and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee (including form of 3.75 Senior Notes due 2031) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 19, 2020) 

4.5 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 filed February 27, 2020) 

10.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2019, among Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc., Allison Transmission, Inc., as Borrower, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto as lenders and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative 

95 
 
 Table of Contents 

Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 29, 2019) 

10.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 dated October 11, 2019, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2019, among Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc., Allison Transmission, Inc., as Borrower, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto as lenders, Citibank, N.A as Administrative Agent and as the 2019 refinancing term lender and the other agents and arrangers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 15, 2019) 

10.3 
 
 Amendment No. 2 dated as of November 19, 2020, by and among Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc., Allison Transmission, Inc., as Borrower, the several banks and other financial institutions party thereto, as 2020 Revolving Credit Lenders and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent amending the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2019, among Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc., Allison Transmission, Inc., the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto as lenders, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Citicorp North America, Inc., as Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 19, 2020) 

10.4 
 
 Guarantee And Collateral Agreement made by Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc., Allison Transmission, Inc., as Borrower, and the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto in favor of Citicorp North America, Inc., as Administrative Agent, dated as of August 7, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed March 18, 2011) 

10.5 
 
 Trademark Security Agreement made by Allison Transmission, Inc. in favor of Citicorp North America, Inc., as Administrative Agent, dated as of August 7, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed March 18, 2011) 

10.6 
 
 Copyright Security Agreement made by Allison Transmission, Inc. in favor of Citicorp North America, Inc., as Administrative Agent, dated as of August 7, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed May 16, 2011) 

10.7 
 
 Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed April 2, 2015) 

10.8 
 
 Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. 2016 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed April 2, 2015) 

10.9 
 
 Form of 2015 Equity Incentive Award Plan Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed February 19, 2016) 

10.10 
 
 Form of 2015 Equity Incentive Award Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed February 19, 2016) 

10.11 
 
 Form of 2015 Equity Incentive Award Plan Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed February 19, 2016) 

10.12 
 
 Form of 2015 Equity Incentive Award Plan Performance Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 filed February 24, 2017) 

10.13 
 
 Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed June 17, 2011) 

10.14 
 
 Form of 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed June 17, 2011) 

10.15 
 
 Form of 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed June 17, 2011) 

10.16 
 
 Form Amendment to Stock Option Agreement under the Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan and Equity Incentive Plan of Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by 

96 
 
 Table of Contents 

reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013 filed July 30, 2013) 

10.17 
 
 Form of 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 filed October 29, 2013) 

10.18 
 
 Deferred Compensation Plan of Allison Transmission Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012 filed July 31, 2012) 

10.19 
 
 Sixth Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 filed August 4, 2022) 

10.20 
 
 Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan of Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 filed April 28, 2015) 

10.21 
 
 Form of Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed May 16, 2011 

10.22 
 
 Allison Transmission, Inc. Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 19, 2022) 

10.23 
 
 Severance and Change in Control Agreement, between Allison Transmission, Inc. and David S. Graziosi, dated as of March 23, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 23, 2018) 

10.24 
 
 Separation Agreement, between Allison Transmission, Inc. and Randall R. Kirk, dated as of May 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 27, 2021) 

10.25 
 
 Separation Agreement, between Allison Transmission, Inc. and Michael A. Dick, dated as of January 26, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 27, 2022) 

14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 filed February 26, 2019) 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. (filed herewith) 

23.1 
 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (filed herewith) 

31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 of the Chief Executive Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 

31.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 of the Chief Financial Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 

32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 

101 
 
 The following financial information from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity; (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements; (vi) the Parent Company only Balance Sheets; (vii) the Parent Company only Statements of Comprehensive Income; (viii) the Parent Company only Statements of Cash Flows; and (ix) the Parent Company only Footnote 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File The cover page from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 97 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 Intentionally left blank. 
 98 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNA TURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. 

(Registrant) 

Date: February 16, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ David S. Graziosi 

David S. Graziosi 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

99 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURES 
 
 CAPACITY 
 DATE 

/s/ David S. Graziosi David S. Graziosi 
 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 February 16, 2023 

/s/ G. Frederick Bohley G. Frederick Bohley 
 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 February 16, 2023 

/s/ Judy Altmaier Judy Altmaier 
 
 Director 
 February 16, 2023 

/s/ Stan A. Askren Stan A. Askren 
 
 Director 
 February 16, 2023 

/s/ D. Scott Barbour D. Scott Barbour 
 
 Director 
 February 16, 2023 

/s/ Philip J. Christman Philip J. Christman 
 
 Director 
 February 16, 2023 

/s/ David C. Everitt David C. Everitt 
 
 Director 
 February 16, 2023 

/s/ Alvaro Garcia-Tunon Alvaro Garcia-Tunon 
 
 Director 
 February 16, 2023 

/s/ Carolann I. Haznedar Carolann I. Haznedar 
 
 Director 
 February 16, 2023 

/s/ Richard P. Lavin Richard P. Lavin 
 
 Director 
 February 16, 2023 

/s/ Sasha Ostojic Sasha Ostojic 
 
 Director 
 February 16, 2023 

/s/ Gustave F. Perna Gustave F. Perna 
 
 Director 
 February 16, 2023 

/s/ Thomas W. Rabaut Thomas W. Rabaut 
 
 Director 
 February 16, 2023 

/s/ Richard V. Reynolds Richard V. Reynolds 
 
 Director 
 February 16, 2023 

/s/ Krishna Shivram Krishna Shivram 
 
 Director 
 February 16, 2023 

100 

<EX-21>
 2
 alsn-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

Name 
 
 State or Country of Organization 

Allison Transmission, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 alsn-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-180285 and 333-204224) of Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. of our report dated February 16, 2023 relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Indianapolis, Indiana February 16, 2023 
 1 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 alsn-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, David S. Graziosi, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 16, 2023 

/s/ David S. Graziosi 

Name: David S. Graziosi 

Title: Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 alsn-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, G. Frederick Bohley, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 16, 2023 

/s/ G. Frederick Bohley 

Name: G. Frederick Bohley 

Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 alsn-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, David S. Graziosi, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and G. Frederick Bohley, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: February 16, 2023 

/s/ David S. Graziosi 

Name: David S. Graziosi 

Title: Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: February 16, 2023 

/s/ G. Frederick Bohley 

Name: G. Frederick Bohley 

Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 alsn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 alsn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 alsn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 alsn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 alsn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

