<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1106213_0001199835-23-000190.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7709459</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>183913</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>872478</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3703464</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1114326</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1567008</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001199835-23-000190.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331163829
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001199835-23-000190
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SEAFARER EXPLORATION CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001106213
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-AMUSEMENT & RECREATION SERVICES [7900]
		IRS NUMBER:				731556428
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-29461
		FILM NUMBER:		23788511

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14497 N. DALE MABRY HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 209N
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		813-448-3577

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14497 N. DALE MABRY HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 209N
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33618

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Organetix
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040902

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DIAMOND INTERNATIONAL GROUP INC/NY/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000725

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SEGWAY I CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000210

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001199835-23-000190.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 sfrx-10k.htm
 SEAFARER EXPLORATION CORP. 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
year ended 

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 
 
 (Address
 of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 

Registrant s
 telephone number 

Securities
 registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 Common
 Stock, par value 0.0001 per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o o 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes o 
 o 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). x No
 o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 o 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 o 

o 
 
 Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o 
 x 

The
aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately as of the last
business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based upon the closing sale price on the OTC:BB
reported for such date. Shares of common stock held by each officer and director, and by each person who owns 10 or more of the outstanding
common stock, have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily
a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

As
of March 31, 2023 the Registrant had outstanding shares of its common stock, 0.0001 par value. 

1 

SEAFARER
EXPLORATION CORP. 

 ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 4 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 9 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 9 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 9 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 10 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 10 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 11 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 13 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 13 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 19 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 20 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
 21 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 21 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 22 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 23 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 24 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 25 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 26 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 26 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS 
 27 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 28 

2 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND ASSOCIATED RISKS 

Statements
in this Form 10-K under Item 1. Business , Item 2. Properties , Item 3. Legal Proceedings , Item
7. Management s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere constitute forward-looking
statements . Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which
may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Seafarer Exploration Corp., a company organized under the laws of Florida,
to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
Such factors include, among others, the following: our ability to continue as a going concern; general economic and business conditions;
competition; success of operating initiatives; our ability to raise capital and the terms thereof; changes in business strategy or development
plans; future revenues; the continuity, experience and quality of our management; changes in or failure to comply with government regulations
or the lack of government authorization to continue our projects; and other factors referenced in the Form 10-K. 

The
use in this Form 10-K of such words as believes , plans , anticipates , expects ,
 intends and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of
identifying such statements. The success of the Company is dependent on our efforts and many other factors including, primarily, our
ability to raise additional capital. 

We
caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Such
forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs and estimates of our management, as well as on assumptions based on information currently
available to us at the time such statements were made. Forward looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties
which could cause actual events or results to differ from those reflected in the forward looking statements, including, without limitation,
the failure to successfully locate cargo and artifacts from historic shipwreck sites and a number of other risks and uncertainties. Actual
results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements, either as a result of the matters set forth or
incorporated in this Report or as a result of certain economic and business factors, some of which may be beyond our control. 

We
disclaim any obligation to subsequently revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such
statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

As
used in this Form 10-K, the terms we, us, our, Seafarer, and the Company 
mean Seafarer Exploration Corp. unless otherwise indicated. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Summary 

Seafarer
Exploration Corp. the Company or Seafarer ), a Florida Corporation, was incorporated on May 28, 2003. The
Company formerly operated under the name Organetix, Inc. Organetix ). The Company s principal business plan is to
develop the infrastructure to engage in archaeological research, archaeologically-sensitive exploration, recovery and conservation of
historic shipwrecks and to eventually monetize the recovery of artifacts. The business plan includes in-depth archival research and translation
of historical documents from archives and repositories from around the world. The plan also includes the development of various new technologies
which will improve efficiencies of both time and accuracy, as well as create a smaller operational footprint. 

The exploration and recovery of historic shipwrecks
is by nature very speculative, and there is a high degree of risk inherent in this type of business venture. The exploration and recovery
of historic shipwrecks involves a multi-year, multi-stage process and it may take very long periods of time, several years to decades,
and/or be prohibitively expensive to locate and recover valuable artifacts, if any are ever located at all, from historic shipwreck sites.
It is for those reasons that Seafarer and others feel it is mandatory to develop new advanced technologies. 

The Company is also actively researching, exploring
and testing new technology to help more accurately understand current and future historic shipwreck sites in an unobtrusive manner. Up
to the date of this filing, all tests of new and unproven technology and methods have failed with the exception of the Company s
proprietary SeaSearcher device which is still in development. Additional scientists have been hired as consultants to assist in these
endeavors. The ongoing cost of SeaSearcher development is substantial and is an additional and significant financial hurdle for the Company.
Seafarer believes the advancement of this technology is important for the advancement of the field of archaeology. 

The
Company regularly reviews opportunities to perform exploration and recovery operations at purported historic shipwreck sites; however,
the Company does not have specific plans to perform exploration and recovery operations at other shipwreck sites at the present time.
The Company is actively reviewing other potential historic shipwreck sites for possible exploration and recovery. Should the Company
decide that it will pursue exploration and recovery activities at other potential shipwreck sites it may be necessary to obtain permits
as well as environmental permits. Some potential shipwreck sites are outside of State waters which will be very advantageous to Seafarer
since state permitting agencies will not be able to continuously hamper or slow Seafarer s operations, as demonstrated in the past. 

There
are a number of other significant challenges and risks regarding this type of business venture that make it risky with potential that
the Company could fail. If the Company were to cease its operations, it is likely that there would be complete loss of all capital invested
in and/or borrowed by the Company to date. 

Limited
Revenue and Significant Operating Losses 

The
Company expects to continue to incur significant operating losses and to generate negative cash flows from operating activities while
developing the necessary infrastructure and technology for the exploration of historic shipwreck sites. 

The
Company s ability to eliminate operating losses and to generate positive cash flow from operations in the future will depend upon
a variety of factors, many of which it is unable to control. Based on our historical rate of expenditures, the Company expects to expend
its available cash in three months or less from March 24, 2023. If the Company is unable to implement its business plan successfully,
it may not be able to eliminate operating losses, generate positive cash flow, or achieve or sustain profitability, which would materially
and adversely affect its business, operations, and financial results, as well as its ability to make payments on its debt obligations,
and the Company may be forced to cease its operations. If the Company is not able to continue to raise capital, then it will be forced
to cease its operations, which would likely result in both the complete loss of all capital invested in and loans provided to the Company. 

The
Company s Auditor has Substantial Doubts as to the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . 

The
Company has not generated any meaningful revenue since inception. Our future is dependent upon our ability to obtain financing to continue
our exploration activities. We may seek additional funds through private placements of our common stock. For the past several years the
Company s auditors have issued an opinion that substantial doubt exists as to whether the Company can continue as a going concern,
making it more challenging for the Company to obtain financing from investors. If the Company becomes unable to obtain financing, then
it is very likely that the it will be forced to cease operations and all capital invested in or loaned to the Company will be lost. Our
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets,
or the amounts of and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event we cannot continue in existence. 

4 

Companies
such as Seafarer that do not generate significant cash flow to cover expenses must rely on outside financing, which carries a very high
degree of risk due to the fact that it may become extremely challenging or impossible to obtain such outside financing. We cannot guarantee
we will be successful in generating revenue in the future or be successful in raising funds through the sale of shares to pay for the
Company s business plan and expenditures. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not generate any significant
revenues from continuing operations. Failure to generate revenue or to raise funds could cause us to go out of business, which would
result in the complete loss of capital invested in the Company. 

General 

It has been estimated by the United Nations Educational,
Scientific and Cultural Organization UNESCO that there are over three million undiscovered shipwrecks around the world
and some of these shipwrecks were lost with verifiable cargoes that contained valuable materials, including artifacts and treasure. However,
many of these shipwrecks may have very little archaeological or historical value, and furthermore, a high percentage of these shipwrecks
would not have been carrying valuable cargo including artifacts or treasure. 

The Company s principal business plan is to
develop the infrastructure and technology to engage in the archaeologically-sensitive exploration, recovery and conservation of historic
shipwrecks and develop new technologies to vastly improve archaeology. Once artifacts have been properly conserved, they will be made
available for scientific research and allowed to be displayed for the public. 

The Company believes it may eventually be conducting
archaeological research around the world and potentially supporting governmental or quasi-governmental organizations, universities and
affiliated research groups and private research entities in the documentation and survey of historic shipwrecks based on their discretion.
The business plan also includes in-depth archival research and translation of historical documents from various international archives
and repositories. These translations of archival research will be made available to the country of origin, the State of Florida, university
researchers, and other responsible academic parties upon reasonable request. The Company works with archaeologists to attempt to further
ensure all sensitive archaeological guidelines are met or exceeded. 

The Company has investigated various technologies
and non-scientific equipment to help better explore or document historic shipwreck sites. To the present date, none of these technologies
have been proven to have any efficacy with the exception of the SeaSearcher. The SeaSearcher has however experienced technical issues
during the development phase that have caused operational delays that are expensive both in terms of repairs and down time. The Company,
along with its development partner, is attempting to develop a hand held metal discriminator for precision location of ferrous and nonferrous
metals based on the SeaSearcher technology, as well as other technologies to improve operating efficiencies. The Company will continue
to experiment with unproven technologies and will actively work with third parties, consultants and scientists to develop its own proprietary
technology which will result in extra expenses to the Company. These development expenses will continue indefinitely. 

The exploration and recovery of historic shipwrecks
involves a multi-year, multi-stage process. It may take many years and/or be prohibitively expensive to locate, if any are ever located
at all, and recover valuable artifacts from historic shipwrecks. Locating and recovering valuable artifacts is very challenging, expensive,
and rare which is why the Company is developing the SeaSearcher at significant expense. If the Company is not able to locate artifacts
or treasure with significant value, then there is a high probability that the Company will face adverse consequences which would likely
result in the loss of both all capital invested in or loaned to the Company. 

There are a number of significant issues and challenges
including, but not limited to, government regulation and/or the Company s inability to secure permits and contracts, lack of financing,
lack of revenue and cash flow and continued losses from operations that make the exploration and recovery of historic shipwrecks a speculative
business venture. There is also significant expense involved in research and ongoing educational programs. Research expenses may
involve paying scientists for translations, and research dues and fees for various historical entities such as archives, travel and accommodations,
and research materials, as well as developmental expenses for the SeaSearcher and the continued expense of teaching our divers archaeology. 

Furthermore, underwater recovery operations are inherently
difficult and dangerous and may be delayed or suspended by weather, sea conditions or other natural hazards. In addition, even though
sea conditions in a particular search location may be somewhat predictable, the possibility exists that unexpected conditions may occur,
and already have occurred, that adversely affect the Company s operations. It is also possible that natural hazards may prevent
or significantly delay search and recovery operations. 

In addition to natural hazards there may be constant
repair and maintenance issues with historic shipwreck exploration and recovery vessels. The Company s past primary exploration vessel
was an older vessel that was originally used in other capacities and has been converted for use in historic shipwreck exploration and
recovery operations. The repairs, maintenance and upkeep of vessels, is time consuming and can be very expensive and there may be significant
periods of vessel down time that results from needed repairs being made or a lack of current financing to make repairs to the vessel. 

Even if the Company is able to obtain permits for historic shipwreck projects,
there is a possibility that the shipwrecks may have already been salvaged, may not be located, or may not have had anything valuable on
board at the time that they sank. The potential advantage of the newly developed technology is designed to potentially eliminate or reduce
these risks. It is the Company s intent to find shipwrecks where available research suggests there were not any previous recovery
efforts or past recovery efforts failed or were not completed. In the event that valuable artifacts are located and recovered, it is possible
that the cost of recovery will exceed the value of the artifacts recovered. It is also possible that other entities, including both private
parties and governmental entities, will assert conflicting claims and challenge the Company s rights to the recovered artifacts. 

5 

Moreover,
there is the possibility that should the Company be successful in locating and recovering artifacts that have significant archeological
and/or monetary value, that a country whose ship was salvaged may attempt to claim ownership of the artifacts by pursuing litigation.
In the event that the Company is able to make a valid claim to artifacts or other items at a shipwreck site, there is a risk of
theft of such items at sea, both before or after the recovery or while the artifacts are in transit to a safe destination, as well as
when stored in a secured location. Such thefts may not be adequately covered by insurance. Based on a number of these and other potential
issues the Company could spend a great deal of time and invest a large sum in a specific shipwreck project and receive very little or
no salvage claim or revenue for its work. The Company does have plans for security at sea, however it may never implement such plans. 

There
is currently a limited trading market for our securities. We cannot assure when and if an active-trading market in our shares will be
established, or whether any such market will be sustained or sufficiently liquid to enable holders of shares of our common stock to liquidate
their investment in our company. The ability to deposit restricted shares has also become increasingly more difficult over the past several
years. Some clearing firms who used to clear low priced securities for multiple brokerage firms have closed or been acquired, resulting
in fewer brokerage firms that are willing or able to accept lower priced securities for deposit. Unless an investor has a large and well-established
relationship with a brokerage firm, it may be very challenging and potentially expensive to deposit lower priced securities. An investor
should consider consulting with professional financial advisers before making an investment in our securities. Furthermore, the sale
of unregistered and restricted securities by current shareholders, including shares issued to consultants and shares issued to settle
convertible promissory notes and to settle debt, may cause a significant drop in the market prices of the Company s securities.
Also, because the Company primarily finances the operations with the sale of securities, an increase to the authorized shares may need
to be done from time to time. 

Accordingly,
an investment in Seafarer s securities is speculative and extremely risky and should only be considered by those investors who
do not require liquidity and who can afford to suffer a total loss of their investment. An investor should consult with professional
advisers before making an investment in our securities. 

Competition 

There
are a number of competing entities who are engaged in various aspects of the exploration and salvage of historic shipwrecks, and in the
future other competitors may emerge. Some of these companies are publicly traded companies and there are a number of small private companies,
as well as some loosely affiliated groups and individuals, who claim to be in this business as well. Some of these entities may be better
capitalized and may have greater resources to devote to the pursuit of locating and salvaging historic shipwrecks. Very few of these
competing entities may also have significantly more experience than the Company in the exploration and recovery of historic shipwrecks.
The Company could be at a material competitive disadvantage as compared to competing entities that are better capitalized, have more
resources and/or who possess greater experience in the business. The Company will, and has, actively considered working with other entities
in this industry sector. 

Lack
of Revenues and Cash Flow/Significant Losses from Operations 

The
exploration and recovery of historic shipwrecks requires a multi-year, multi-stage process and it may be many years before any revenue
is generated from exploration and recovery activities, if ever. Without significant revenues and cash flow the Company does not have
reliable cash flow to pay its expenses. The Company relies on outside financing in the form of equity and debt and it is possible that
the Company may not be able to obtain outside financing in the future. If the Company is not able to obtain financing, then it would
more than likely be forced to cease operations and all capital invested in the Company or borrowed by the Company will be lost. If the
Company is unable to secure additional financing or meaningful revenues, our business may fail and our stock price may be adversely affected
which could result in a total loss of investment capital. The raising of additional financing will, as it has over the last several years,
result in dilution of the Company s current shareholders or a significant decrease in the value of the Company s securities. 

In
addition, the expenses associated with operating a small publicly traded company engaged in the historic shipwreck recovery business
are exorbitantly high. The cost of operations may include the cost of buying or leasing vessels, regular vessel maintenance and upkeep,
ongoing vessel repairs due to wear and tear and damage by natural or human causes, docking fees, fuel, upgrades, equipment costs, personnel
costs, insurance, registration costs, permitting, temporary lodging and provisions for divers and other personnel. In addition to the
operating expenses, a publicly traded company also incurs the significant recurring costs of maintaining publicly traded status, which
include, but are not limited to administrative, accounting, audit, executive, legal, including legal expenses required in responding
to comments from permitting agencies, shutdowns, and administrative appeals. 

The
additional delays to the Company s operational goals and objectives as a result of being prohibited by a state permitting agency
from utilizing ground disturbing work for periods of time have been harmful as the Company must still cover overhead and fixed expenses
while some activities are temporary on hiatus. These combined expenses are particularly burdensome for a smaller public company. The
recurring expenses associated with being a publicly traded company focused on the exploration and recovery of historic shipwrecks may
cause the Company to be at a significant competitive disadvantage when compared to some of its competitors who are private companies
or other public companies. 

Due
to these and other factors, the Company may not be able to continue as a going concern. If the Company is not able to continue as a going
concern, it is highly likely that all capital invested in the Company or borrowed by the Company will be lost. As discussed in Note 2
 Going Concern to our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have experienced operating
losses in every year since our inception resulting in an accumulated deficit. Based on our financial results as of December 31, 2022,
there are substantial doubts about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. If the Company is not able to continue
as a going concern, it is likely that all capital invested in the Company or borrowed by the Company will be lost. 

6 

The
Company has experienced a net loss in every fiscal year since inception. The Company s net losses were 2,616,601 for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and 2,625,414 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company believes that it will continue to generate losses
from its operations for the foreseeable future and the Company may not be able to generate a profit in the long-term, or ever. 

Governmental
Regulation 

There
are very strict international, federal and state laws that govern the exploration and recovery of historic shipwrecks. While the Company
has been able to obtain some permits, there is no guarantee that the Company will be able to secure future permits or enter into agreements
with government agencies in order to explore and salvage historic shipwrecks. Seafarer believes they are the only company to be issued
a full recovery permit by FBAR since 1986, other than one entity with an Admiralty Claim. This demonstrates the difficulty of obtaining
a recovery permit from FBAR. There is a risk that government entities may enact legislation that is so strict that any recovery of artifacts
and cargo from historic shipwrecks will be nearly impossible. Additionally, permits and agreements with governmental agencies to conduct
historic shipwreck exploration and recovery operations are expensive, in terms of both direct costs and ongoing compliance costs. It
is also possible that the Company will not be successful in obtaining title or permission to excavate certain wrecks, even if the law
allows it. It is possible that permits that are sought for potential future international projects may never be issued, and if issued,
may not be legal or honored by the entities that issued them. For the above reasons, the Company has extended its research into shipwrecks
outside of State waters. 

The
laws and regulations regarding the exploration and recovery of historic shipwrecks in waters controlled by the State of Florida are complex.
A large amount of time and expense is required to comply with the existing laws and regulations. For example, the State of Florida has,
in the past, proposed new rules and regulations regarding the exploration and recovery of shipwrecks in Florida waters. The Company believes
any new rules and regulations that are implemented into law would likely increase the cost of compliance and potentially force the Company
to cease its operations. It is possible that the State of Florida may enact additional laws that ultimately make it impossible to conduct
business as a commercial shipwreck exploration and recovery firm. It may also be possible that the State of Florida attempts to enact
legislation which altogether bans the commercial exploration and recovery of historic shipwrecks in State controlled waters. 

There
is a possibility that new governmental regulations could be enacted at any time at the international, federal or state level that would
make it impossible for the Company to continue to attempt to locate and salvage historic shipwrecks. Governmental regulation at all levels
may substantially increase the costs and expenses incurred by the Company to obtain permits and agreements and comply with the regulations
and represent a significant risk to the Company and all companies engaged in the commercial exploration and recovery of historical shipwrecks.
This again reflects the need of the Company to continue exploration outside of State waters. 

Furthermore,
governmental agencies may require various types of permits to explore shipwreck sites, and the permitting process is often lengthy and
complex. Obtaining permits and entering into agreements with governmental and quasi-governmental agencies to conduct historic shipwreck
exploration and recovery operations is generally a very complicated, time consuming, and expensive process. Moreover, the process of
entering into agreements and/or obtaining permits may be subject to lengthy delays, and in some cases in excess of a year. Some governmental
agencies may refuse to issue permits to the Company for recovery of artifacts or intentionally delay the permitting process utilizing
administrative requirements as a tactic to hamper and delay the process. 

The reasons for a lengthy permitting process and delays
of existing permits may be due to a number of potential factors including but not limited to requests by permitting agencies for additional
information, forcing the Company to perform tasks that are not required by law or regulation, addressing only one subject matter at a
time instead of parallel actions and delaying the permitting process, submitted applications that need to be revised or updated, newly
discovered information that needs to be added to an application or agreement, requests for core sampling, requests for carbon dating,
changes to either the agreement or permit terms or revisions to other information contained in the permit, excessive administrative time
lags at permitting agencies, overly aggressive interpretation of statutes by permitting authorities to attempt to hamper private entities
engaged in the exploration and recovery of historic shipwrecks and related archaeological materials, etc. The length of time it takes
to obtain permits or enter into agreements, and the administrative time lag by permitting agencies with regards to permitting issues may
result in the Company having to expend significant resources while waiting to perform exploration and recovery work with little or no
visibility as to the timing of resolving such permitting issues. 

There
are also strict environmental regulations associated with the exploration and recovery of historical shipwrecks. In order to explore
and recover shipwreck materials that are located in state regulated waters, the Company must obtain permission from both federal and
state environmental agencies in order to conduct operations. There is always the possibility that the Company could be denied access
to a historic shipwreck site based on federal or state environmental concerns. 

Business
Continuity Plan 

Due
to current events involving the global COVID-19 pandemic, Seafarer Exploration Corp. established a Business Continuity Group BCG consisting of members of our Board of Directors, our CEO, and key advisors to monitor current events as they relate to our business and
to be prepared to respond to any potential threats or issues in order to protect the Company. Seafarer s BCG periodically reviews
developments concerning how the Company would respond to events that significantly disrupt the economy and its business. 

As
a part of its business continuity plan, Seafarer maintains a back office for some of its corporate records and information at the residence
of our CEO. Our CEO has agreed to allow his residence to be used as temporary office space, if the need arises, at no charge to the Company. 

7 

Litigation 

The
Company has been engaged in various litigations in the past (please see Item 3. Legal Proceedings below). In the future the Company could
be subject to litigations, although none are known or expected at this time. Potential future litigations could materially affect our
ability to operate our business, which would negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

Historic
Shipwreck Exploration and Recovery in Florida 

The
Company operates year-round, with some years having better diving in the winter and some years in the summer. Good weather conditions
may allow operations to extend into the fall and winter months at certain historic shipwreck sites. Inclement weather and hazardous ocean
conditions may hamper year round historical shipwreck exploration and recovery efforts when the Company is operating in waters off of
the coast of Florida and significantly limit the amount of days that the Company is able to conduct operations. 

Other
factors that may hinder the Company s ability to conduct year round operations include a lack of financing, the expiration of permits
and agreements or the need to renew or enter into permits and agreements with various governmental or quasi-governmental agencies, and
delays by state permitting agencies stopping ground disturbances for debatable reasons. 

Juno
Beach 

The Company has previously performed some exploration
and recovery operations at what it believes to be a shipwreck site located off of the coast of Florida in northern Palm Beach County,
more specifically in an area known as Juno Beach (the Juno Beach Shipwreck ). The Company had previously obtained
a recovery permit from the State of Florida for the Juno Beach site. The recovery permit expired in April of 2014. In March of 2015, Seafarer
was awarded full rights to the Juno site pursuant to a court order, erasing all rights of the Company s previous partner with regards
to the site. The Juno site was arrested permanently to Seafarer by the U.S. Marshal s offices in July of 2017 and in November 2017
the Company was granted final judgment on its federal admiralty claim for the Juno Beach shipwreck site (See Item 3 below). 

From November 2017 until July 2021, the FBAR had requested
that Seafarer submit new recovery permit applications on three separate occasions. Two of the recovery applications were denied for reasons
Seafarer found objectionable. After submitting the third recovery application, the FBAR correctly determined that they did not have the
authority to issue the recovery permit all along because the site was awarded exclusively to Seafarer by way of an Admiralty Claim. The
Admiralty Claim was originally provided to FBAR in November 2017. However, FBAR delayed Seafarer s operations from continuing in
Juno Beach until July 2021, a period of approximately three years and eight months. 

The Company believes it is possible the Juno Beach
Shipwreck site may potentially contain remnants of a sunken 1500s era ship; however, the Company does not have definitive evidence of
the ship s country of origin. Due to the fact that the Company does not currently have sufficient data to positively identify the
potential Juno Beach shipwreck, or its country of origin, it is not possible to determine with any degree of certainty whether or not
the ship was originally carrying cargo of any significant value. 

With data from the Master Site Plan from entries by
a Florida state archaeologist from 1988 who has since retired, which the Company believes may have been withheld from it for several years,
Seafarer believes that it is possible that a 1500s era shipwreck may be located within the Company s Admiralty Claim at Juno Beach,
although it is very possible that if the shipwreck is located it does not contain anything of value. The Company has determined that a
large portion of the magnetometer survey of the Juno Beach Shipwreck site that was originally provided to the Company by apast partner
on the site was intentionally deleted. Shipwreck material and remnants including pottery, cannon balls, musket balls, ballast stones,
nails, spikes, wood and scattered pieces of a sunken ship have all been found in the deleted area of a magnetometer survey. 

The Company will attempt to complete a SeaSearcher survey of the entire
deleted area when certain conditions are met. There is also a possibility that there are no artifacts of significant value located at
the Juno Beach shipwreck site. Even if there are valuable artifacts and/or treasure located at the site, recovering them may be difficult
due to a variety of challenges that include, but are not limited to; inclement weather, hazardous ocean conditions, sand and significant
overburden that cover large areas of the site, strong multiple layer currents, etc. 

Melbourne
Beach 

There
is a purported historic shipwreck site located in the waters off of Melbourne Beach, Florida that the Company has been investigating.
In February 2013, the Company signed an agreement with a third party who previously explored this site for the right to investigate the
site. In March of 2014, Seafarer entered into a partnership and ownership with Marine Archaeology Partners, LLC MAP ),
with the formation of Seafarer s Quest, LLC SQ ). SQ was formed in the State of Florida for the purpose of permitting, exploration
and recovery of artifacts from a designated area on the east coast of Florida. Such site area is from a defined, contracted area by a
separate entity, which a portion of such site is designated from a previous contracted holding through the State of Florida. Under such
agreement, Seafarer is responsible for costs of permitting, exploration and recovery, and is entitled to 60 of such artifact recovery.
Seafarer has 50 ownership and is the designated management of SQ. In November of 2019, the Company and MAP agreed to modify the partnership
agreement so that the Company receives 80 and MAP receives 20 of any artifacts that are recovered after the state of Florida receives
its anticipated 20 under any potential future recovery permits, which none such recovery permits have been applied for or issued as
of the date of this filing. 

8 

In
July of 2014, SQ received a 1A-31 Exploration Permit with a Dig and Identify modification, which gives us written authority to excavate
and identify artifacts (the Permit from the Florida Division of Historical Resources for an area identified as Area 2
off of Melbourne Beach, Florida. The Permit was active for three years from the date of issuance. Seafarer on behalf of SQ, has been
primarily focusing its operations on this site when the weather permits. The Company has utilized additional owned and rented vessels
in order to perform search and identify operations at this site. Inclement weather and difficult sea conditions have hampered the Company s
ability to perform exploration operations at this site to date, including the previously discussed delays involving FBAR. An archeologist
with the technical skills, knowledge, and experience from around the world was hired to help ensure the integrity of the work. The Company
has applied for permits from the State of Florida for two additional areas that were formerly permitted solely by an affiliate of MAP.
The Permit for one of the additional areas was given to the Company on July 6, 2016 and identified as Area 1. The permits for Areas 1
and 2 were renewed in 2019 for an additional three years. It will be necessary to be granted a recovery permit in order to recover any
artifacts and treasure that are located on the site. On October 7, 2020, the Company received a new permit from the Florida Department
of Environmental Protection (the FDEP for Areas 1 and 2 at the behest of the FBAR. The FDEP permit is valid for 5 years.
A permit transfer was completed, transferring a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers permit for Areas 1 and 2 from MAP to SQ. This transfer was
done at the behest of the FBAR and the permit is valid until 2025. 

Per Florida Statutes, Seafarer made a timely request
for renewal of the 2019 permit for Areas 1 and 2 on July 29, 2021. In January of 2022, Seafarer received notification from the Florida
Division of Historical Resources FDHR that its permits for Areas 1 and 2, which was set to expire on January 19, 2022,
has been continued indefinitely while the renewal request was being processed. It has been 19 months and the FDHR has not completed the
renewal permits for Areas 1 and 2. The existing permits will continue until the renewals are finalized or rejected. 

Per Florida Statutes, Seafarer made a timely request
for renewal of the 2019 permit for Areas 1 and 2 on July 29, 2021. In January of 2022, Seafarer received notification from the Florida
Division of Historical Resources FDHR that its permits for Areas 1 and 2, which was set to expire on January 19, 2022,
has been continued indefinitely while the renewal request was being processed. 

It has been 19 months and the FDHR has not completed
the renewal permits for Areas 1 and 2. The existing permits will continue until the renewals are finalized or rejected. 

Certain
Agreements 

Agreement
to Explore a Shipwreck Site Located off of Melbourne Beach, Florida 

In
March of 2014, Seafarer entered into a partnership and ownership with MAP with the formation of SQ. SQ was formed in the State of Florida
for the purpose of permitting, exploration and recovery of artifacts from a designated area on the east coast of Florida. Such site area
is from a defined, contracted area by a separate entity, which a portion of such site is designated from a previous contracted holding
through the State of Florida. Under such agreement, Seafarer is responsible for costs of permitting, exploration and recovery, and is
entitled to 80 of such artifact recovery after the state of Florida has taken their 20 under any future recovery permits. Seafarer
has a 50 ownership, with designated management of the SQ coming from Seafarer. As of December 31, 2022, the partnership has had no operations.
Seafarer is responsible for managing the site on behalf of SQ. 

Florida
Division of Historical Resources Agreements/Permits 

The
Company currently has two separately permitted Melbourne Beach area sites, called Area 1 and Area 2, that it is exploring. The Area 1
permit was renewed on March 1, 2019 for a period of three years. The Area 2 permit was renewed on January 14, 2019 for a period of three
years. The Company submitted a permit renewal application for Area 2 on July 29, 2021 that the State of Florida has yet to act upon.
The State of Florida has granted the Area 1 and Area 2 permit an extension until the State of Florida acts upon the submitted renewal
application. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Corporate
Office 

The
Company leases 823 square feet of office space located at 14497 North Dale Mabry Highway, Suite 209-N, Tampa, Florida 33618. The Company
entered into an amended lease agreement commencing on July 1, 2020 through July 31, 2023 with base month rents of 1,475 from July 1,
2020 to June 30, 2021, 1,519 from July 1, 2021 to June 30, 2022, 1,564 from July 1, 2022 to June 30, 2023 and 1,611 from July 1, 2023
to July 31, 2023. Under the terms of the lease there may be additional fees charged above the base monthly rental fee. 

Operations/Dive
House 

The
Company also has an operating lease for a house located in Palm Bay, Florida that it leases on a month-to-month basis for 1,350 per
month. The Company uses the house to store equipment and gear and to provide work-related living quarters for its divers, personnel,
consultants and independent contractors involved in its exploration and recovery operations. The Company also leases a house in Palm
Bay for 525 per month to store equipment. 

9 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

On
September 3, 2014, the Company filed a lawsuit against Darrel Volentine, of California. Mr. Volentine was sued in two counts of libel
per se under Florida law, as well as a count for injunction against the Defendant to exclude and prohibit internet postings. Such lawsuit
was filed in the Circuit Court in Hillsborough County, Florida. Such suit is based upon internet postings on www.investorshub.com .
On or about October 15, 2015, the Company and Volentine entered into a stipulation whereby Volentine admitted to his tortious conduct,
however the stipulated damages agreed to were rejected by the Court, and the Company is proceeding to trial on damages against Volentine
in a non-jury trial on December 1, 2015. The Defendant is the subject of a contempt of court motion which was heard on April 7, 2016,
whereby the Court found a violation and modified the injunction against the Defendant, and imposed other matters of potential penalties
against the Defendant. The Court also awarded attorney s fees against the Defendant on behalf of Seafarer for such motion. The
Defendant subsequently attempted to have such ruling, evidence and testimony attacked through a motion heard before the Court on October
24, 2016. The Court dismissed the Defendant s motion after presentation of the Defendant s case at the hearing. The Plaintiff
has set the matter for entry of the attorney s fees amount due from the Defendant for hearing in December 2016. As well the Plaintiff
has set for hearing its motion for sanctions in the form of attorney s fees for frivolous filing of the October 24th motion, which
motion is also set for hearing in December 2016. The Plaintiff filed a renewed and amended motion for punitive damages in the case on
September 11, 2016, which has not been set for hearing. The Defendant had also filed a motion for summary judgment on the matter of notice
entitlement pre-suit, which motion is pending before the Court. The Plaintiff filed a motion for sanctions against the Defendant for
the motion for summary judgment being frivolous under existing law, and such motion is pending ruling on the motion. On December 7, 2016,
the Court held a hearing on the Defendant s motion for sanctions, and essentially attempting to rehear the motion for contempt
against the Defendant. The Court dismissed the Defendant s motions, and renewed the ability of the Company to seek attorney s
fees on such matter, which hearing has not been set at present. On February 28, 2017, the Court entered an Order denying the Defendant s
motion for summary judgment. The Company has filed a motion for punitive damages in March 2021 to be added to the cause of action and
to be heard by the Court. The counsel for Volentine filed a motion to withdraw which was granted on March 7, 2021, and Volentine was
given 60 days to obtain new counsel or proceed without such. The Company is seeking to get such matter to trial as soon as possible.
Volentine, as of the date of this publication, has not obtained new counsel. 

On
April 17, 2020, the Company filed a lawsuit in the Circuit Court in and for Hillsborough County, Florida against Michael Torres Torres ),
regarding fraud, fraud in the inducement, breach of contract and civil theft under Florida law, as well as for injunctive relief to cancel
shares issued. Such shares are currently locked up with the transfer agent pending ruling of the Court. The civil theft claim seeks triple
the damages for monies paid to Torres, plus attorney s fees and costs. Torres filed a motion to dismiss which was denied by the
Circuit Court on July 28, 2020. Torres filed a general denial in an answer. Seafarer was in the discovery phase of the case when both
sides agreed to a mediation of the matter. Mediation of the case occurred in January 2021, and the parties reached a confidential
settlement agreement which is formally being entered, which includes cancellation of all shares issued to Torres. The case will officially
be closed with entry of the final judgment accepting the settlement. 

On
January 18, 2022, Seafarer received notification from the Circuit Court of the Thirteenth Judicial Circuit that 61,183,646 restricted
common shares from the Defendant could be returned to the Plaintiff. On January 19, 2022, such shares were returned to the treasury stock
of Seafarer and accounted for by Seafarer s transfer agent. The settlement also included Defendant (Torres) has agreed and
hereby it is recognized by the Court that Defendant has made a full retraction of his assertions and agreed to pay back
an undisclosed amount of money to Seafarer that the Company does not anticipate being able to collect. 

On
December 21, 2022, the Company filed a lawsuit in the Circuit Court in and for Hillsborough County, Florida against John Grimm Grimm ),
for one count of Conversion. Personal Service on Grimm was completed on January 11, 2023. On February 8, 2023, the Company amended its
Complaint to include Zachary Smith as co-plaintiff (the Company and Smith are collectively the Plaintiffs against Grimm
for one count of Conversion, one count of Rescission, one count of Civil Theft, one count of Breach of Fiduciary Duty, and one count
of Judicial Dissolution. The Plaintiff s jointly seek treble damages, attorney s fees, equitable relief, and the judicial
dissolution of Delta Tango Foxtrot Customs, LLC. As of March 1, 2023, Grimm has evaded exhaustive Personal Service attempts by both private
process servers and the Brevard County Sheriff s Department. If attempts of Personal Service remain unsuccessful, the Plaintiffs
shall file a Motion on March 6, 2023, requesting the court approve Personal Service on Grimm via email, text message and Facebook messenger. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

None. 

10 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is presently quoted on the Pink Sheets under the symbol SFRX , as reflected below, though the current trading
volume is small. No assurance can be given that any market for our common stock will continue in the future or be maintained. If an established
trading market ever develops in the future, the sale of restricted securities (common stock) pursuant to Rule 144
of the Securities and Exchange Commission by members of management, consultants, promissory note holders or others may have a substantial
adverse impact on any such market and the sale of restricted securities by management or others may significantly depress the market
price of the Company s shares. 

We
cannot assure when and if an active-trading market in our shares will be established, or whether any such market will be sustained or
sufficiently liquid to enable holders of shares of our common stock to liquidate their investment in our company. If an active public
market should develop in the future, the sale of restricted securities that have had the restrictive legend removed by current shareholders
may be highly dilutive and could potentially have a substantial negative impact on any such market. 

The
Company s share price is quoted on the Pink Sheets. Accordingly, an investment in our securities should only be considered by those
investors who do not require liquidity and can afford to suffer a complete loss of their investment. An investor should strongly consider
consulting with professional advisers before making such an investment. 

Furthermore,
the price of our common stock may be subject to a very high degree of volatility, which makes owning shares of our common stock highly
risky. Our stock price fluctuated between 0.0055 and 0.0019 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 0.0079 and 0.0023 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The price of our shares may fluctuate significantly despite the absence of any apparent reason. In addition,
our stock is thinly traded, leading to even greater volatility. You should expect this volatility to continue into the foreseeable future. 

The
range of high and low intraday prices for our common stock during each quarter for 2022 and 2021 is shown below. The over-the-counter
quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, with retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.
Such prices were determined from information derived from www.nasdaq.com and do not necessarily reflect transactions, retail markups,
markdowns or commissions. 

Quarter
 Ended 
 High
 Price 
 Low
 Price 
 
 March
 31, 2021 
 0.00079 
 0.0046 
 
 June
 30, 2021 
 0.0070 
 0.0029 
 
 September
 30, 2021 
 0.0067 
 0.0032 
 
 December
 31, 2021 
 0.0050 
 0.0023 
 
 March
 31, 2022 
 0.0055 
 0.0028 
 
 June
 30, 2022 
 0.0047 
 0.0019 
 
 September
 30, 2022 
 0.0040 
 0.0019 
 
 December
 31, 2022 
 0.0040 
 0.0020 

Penny
Stock 

Our
stock is considered to be a penny stock. Our stock is subject to certain provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange
Act ), commonly referred to as the penny stock rules as defined in Rule 3a51-1. A penny stock is generally defined
to be any equity security that has a market price less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Since our stock is deemed
to be a penny stock, trading is subject to additional sales practice requirements of broker-dealers. 

Consequently,
penny stock rules may restrict the ability or willingness of broker-dealers to trade and/or maintain a market in our common stock. Also,
prospective investors may not want to get involved with the additional administrative requirements, which may have a material adverse
effect on the trading of our shares. In recent years the ability to deposit restricted shares at broker-dealers has become increasingly
difficult with burdensome administrative requirements. 

The
SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally
equity securities with a market price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or
quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided
by the exchange or system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized
risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, that: (a) contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny
stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; (b) contains a description of the broker s or dealer s duties to the
customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation of such duties or other requirements of
the securities laws; (c) contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks
and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; (d) contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary
actions; (e) defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and (f) contains such
other information and is in such form, including language, type size and format, as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation. 

11 

The
broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with: (a) bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock; (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; (c) the number of shares to which
such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and
(d) a monthly account statement showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment
to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to
recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain
information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations
of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for at least
some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock,
which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and may have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 

Additionally,
investors in penny stocks should be aware that in recent years the ability to deposit restricted shares has become significantly more
difficult and expensive due to burdensome administrative requirements and finding broker-dealers willing to accept deposits of low priced
securities. 

Approximate
Number of Holders of Common Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 2,101 shareholders of record of our common stock, of which there is an indeterminate amount
of shareholders holding shares of our common stock in street name. 

Transfer
Agent 

The
Company s stock transfer agent is ClearTrust, LLC ClearTrust ). ClearTrust s address is 16540 Pointe Village
Drive, Suite 205, Lutz, Florida 33558 and their telephone number is (813) 235-4490. ClearTrust is owned and controlled by a person who
is related to the Company s CEO. 

Dividend
Policy 

The
Company did not declare cash dividends during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. It is not anticipated that cash dividends will
be paid at any time in the foreseeable future as the Company intends to retain earnings, if any, for use in the development of its business.
The payment of dividends is contingent upon the Company s future earnings, if any, the Company s financial condition and
its capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors. 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

The
Company has not established any formal equity compensation plans as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K; however, the Company
reserves the right to do so at a later date. 

Reports
to Security Holders 

Seafarer
Exploration Corp. is a reporting company pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. As such, the Company makes available its
annual report which includes audited financial statements, and its quarterly reports which include unaudited financial statements. 

Recent
Sales and Other Issuances of Unregistered Securities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 72,175,920 shares for various consulting services for board of directors 
fees, advisory council fees, and fees to other service providers. The Company believes that the issuance of the securities was exempt
from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in reliance on Section 4(2) of the Securities Act as a transaction
by an issuer not involving any public offering and based on the fact that such securities were issued for services to sophisticated or
accredited investors and persons who are thoroughly familiar with the Company s proposed business by virtue of their affiliation
with the Company. 

On
various dates during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into subscription agreements to sell 1,027,552,792 shares
of its restricted common stock in exchange for proceeds of 2,055,447. The proceeds received were used for general corporate purposes,
working capital and the repayment of debt. 

Exemptions
from Registration for Sales of Restricted Securities. 

The
issuance of securities referenced above were issued to persons who the Company believes were either accredited investors, 
or sophisticated investors who, by reason of education, business acumen, experience or other factors, were fully capable
of evaluating the risks and merits of an investment in us; and each had prior access to all material information about us. None of these
transactions involved a public offering. An appropriate restrictive legend was placed on each certificate that has been issued, prohibiting
public resale of the shares, except subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
 Act or in compliance with Rule 144. The Company believes that the offer and sale of these securities was exempt from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(2) under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Act thereof,
and/or Regulation D. There may be additional exemptions available to the Company. 

12 

Issuance
of Securities Due to Conversion of Notes and to Settle Debt 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 25,221,918 shares of restricted common stock to settle 50,444 of principal and
accrued interest owed on a convertible note payable. The Company also issued 500,000 shares of restricted common stock as an equity kicker
to a convertible note holder. The Company believes that the offer and sale of these securities were exempt from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act pursuant to Sections 3(a)(9) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Repurchase
of Securities 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not purchase any shares of its common stock and the Company is not likely
to purchase any shares in the foreseeable future. 

Warrants 

The
Company did not issue any warrants during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Please see Note 7 Stockholders Deficit
for a list of warrants outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data. 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The
following discussion contains certain forward-looking statements that are subject to business and economic risks and uncertainties, and
which speak only as of the date of this annual report. No one should place strong or undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. The
use in this Form 10-K of such words as believes , plans , anticipates , expects ,
 intends , and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of
identifying such statements. The Company s actual results or actions may differ materially from these forward-looking statements
due to many factors and the success of the Company is dependent on our efforts and many other factors including, primarily, our ability
to raise additional capital. Such factors include, among others, the following: our ability to continue as a going concern, general economic
and business conditions; competition; success of operating initiatives; our ability to raise capital and the terms thereof; changes in
business strategy or development plans; future revenues; the continuity, experience and quality of our management; changes in or failure
to comply with government regulations or the lack of government authorization to continue our projects; and other factors referenced
in the Form 10-K. This Item should be read in conjunction with the financial statements, the related notes and with the understanding
that the Company s actual future results may be materially different from what is currently expected or projected by the Company. 

We
caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs and estimates of our management, as well as on assumptions made by and information currently available
to us at the time such statements were made. Forward looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, which
could cause actual events or results to differ from those reflected in the forward looking statements, including, without limitation,
the failure to successfully locate cargo and artifacts from the Juno Beach shipwreck site and a number of other risks and uncertainties.
Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements, either as a result of the matters set
forth or incorporated in this Report or due to certain economic and business factors, some of which may be beyond our control. 

We
disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such
statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

Overview 

General 

The
Company s principal business plan is to develop the infrastructure and technology to engage in the archaeologically-sensitive exploration,
recovery and conservation of historic shipwrecks and to eventually monetize the recovery of the shipwrecks without selling the treasure
by creating revenue through media and technology alternatives for different industry sectors. Once artifacts have been properly conserved,
they may be made available for scientific research and allowed to be displayed for the public. The Company s secondary business
is to attempt to develop revenue streams to support its historic shipwreck exploration and recovery operations. Such revenue streams
will complement the technology developed by Seafarer. 

13 

The
Company has received from the Florida Department of State a notice of lack of authority to permit or deny recovery activities on the
unidentified shipwreck on Juno Beach. The Florida Bureau of Archaeological Research (the Bureau ), Division of Historical
Resources, Florida Department of State stated to Seafarer The shipwreck is non-permittable pursuant to Rule 1A-31.0045(2), F.A.C. The
Bureau cited an order dated November 14, 2017 where the United States District Court entered a Final Order of Court
Default and Final Judgement Granting Award for Admiralty in Rem. The District Court s order ruled Seafarer is hereby the
true, sole, and exclusive owner of the Defendant Shipwrecked Vessel and having exclusive right to conduct recovery operation on the Defendant
Shipwrecked Vessel and any items recovered therefrom. Additional permitting will still be necessary with the Florida Department
of Environmental Protection and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Applications have been made to both entities. 

In
order to potentially find more efficient methods to explore and document historical shipwrecks, the Company has investigated various
technologies and non-scientific methodologies. To the present date, none of these technologies have been proven to work with the exception
of the SeaSearcher, which has been developed to scan historic shipwreck sites for both ferrous and nonferrous artifacts. The ongoing
developmental work and improvements to the SeaSearcher have been expensive and Management anticipates that the expenses for these development
costs will continue to be incurred for the foreseeable future. Advances in algorithms and artificial intelligence (AI) will continue
indefinitely while the present model can be currently used in the field. The Company will continue to experiment with unproven technologies
and will actively work with third parties, consultants and scientists to develop its own proprietary technology which has and will result
in considerable expenses. 

The
Company continues to review revenue producing opportunities including joint ventures and partnerships with other companies and potentially
governmental agencies. Blockchain has a strategic partnership to provide referrals to a blockchain software services provider and receive
referral fees when the referrals lead to closed business for the blockchain software services company. COVID-19, pricing issues, long
sales cycles, and various other reasons have considerably slowed Blockchain s progress and it has not generated any revenues during
2021 or 2022. 

There
is a possibility that the Company will be forced to cease its operations if it is not successful in eventually locating and recovering
valuable artifacts and treasure or can t build a revenue stream to offset its expenses. If the Company were to cease its operations,
and not find or engage another business entity, then it is likely that there would be complete loss of all capital invested in or borrowed
by the Company. As such, an investment in Seafarer is highly speculative and very risky. 

This
type of business venture is highly speculative in nature and carries an excessive amount of risk. An investment in the Company s
securities is very risky and should only be considered by those investors or lenders who do not require liquidity and who can afford
to suffer a complete and total loss of their investment. 

There
is currently a limited trading market for the Company s securities. It is impossible for the Company to assure that when and if
an active-trading market in its shares will be established, or whether any such market will be sustained or sufficiently liquid to enable
holders of shares of the Company s common stock to liquidate their investment in our company. 

The
sale of restricted securities by current shareholders, including shares issued to consultants, independent contractors, Board members,
as well as shares issued to settle convertible promissory notes or to settle other loans and debt, are highly dilutive and may cause
a significant decline in the market price of the Company s securities. Furthermore, in recent years regulatory agencies have made
it very difficult for broker dealers to accept stock certificates from issuers of low priced stocks and the Company believes that it
may become even more challenging to deposit stock certificates and this trend may continue for the foreseeable future. 

Moreover,
in the past few years several major brokerage firms have indicated that they will not allow their clients to deposit stock certificates
of low priced stocks. Some securities clearing firms who used to clear low priced securities for multiple brokerage firms have shut down
or been acquired, resulting in fewer brokerage firms that are willing or able to accept lower priced securities for deposit. Unless an
investor has a large and well-established relationship with a brokerage firm, it may be extremely difficult and potentially expensive
to deposit lower priced securities. An investor should consider consulting with professional financial advisers before making an investment
in our securities. The Company is a current and fully reporting company and has been for almost 14 years. 

Plan
of Operation 

The
Company has taken the following steps to implement its business plan: 

To
date, the Company has devoted its time towards establishing its business to develop the infrastructure capable of researching, exploring,
recovering and conserving historic shipwrecks. The Company has performed some research, exploration and recovery activities. 

Spent
considerable time and capital researching potential shipwrecks, including obtaining information from foreign archives. 

The
Company has worked in combination with its technology development partner, Wild Manta Labs, to build a research and conservation lab
with full x-ray equipment and detailed metal identification analysis. 

The
Company has generated very limited revenues to date. Management does not believe that the Company will generate any significant revenues
for the foreseeable future. 

14 

The
Company continues to review revenue producing opportunities including joint ventures with other companies. The Company is actively looking
to work with revenue producing companies. These opportunities have been slow to develop, but the Company will continue to pursue those
endeavors that it believes have the potential to increase the value of the Company s shares. 

The
Company has investigated various types of equipment and technology to expedite the process of finding artifacts other than iron or ferrous
metals. Most have been of no help, but the Company continues to explore new technologies. The Company has developed its own proprietary
technology, the SeaSearcher, and will attempt to continue to develop additional proprietary technologies or work with third parties to
develop technologies to aid in its exploration and recovery operations. Development of technologies will require additional time and
financing. The cost of developing the new technology has, to date, been very expensive for a small company. 

The
Company has investigated media opportunities to develop content centered on its specific historic shipwreck exploration and recovery
activities as well as the historic shipwreck and related historical period genre in general and will continue to evaluate various media
strategies. 

Other
Information 

There
are very strict international, federal and state laws that govern the exploration and recovery of historic shipwrecks. While the Company
has been able to obtain some permits, there is no guarantee that the Company will be able to secure future permits or enter into agreements
with government agencies in order to explore and salvage historic shipwrecks. Seafarer believes they are the only company to be issued
a full recovery permit by FBAR since 1986, other than one entity with an Admiralty Claim. This demonstrates the difficulty of obtaining
a recovery permit from FBAR. There is a risk that government entities may enact legislation that is so strict that any recovery of artifacts
and cargo from historic shipwrecks will be nearly impossible. Additionally, permits and agreements with governmental agencies to conduct
historic shipwreck exploration and recovery operations are expensive, in terms of both direct costs and ongoing compliance costs. It
is also possible that the Company will not be successful in obtaining title or permission to excavate certain wrecks, even if the law
allows it. It is possible that permits that are sought for potential future international projects may never be issued, and if issued,
may not be legal or honored by the entities that issued them. For the above reasons, the Company has extended its research into shipwrecks
outside of State waters. 

It
is possible that permits that are sought for potential future international projects may never be issued, and if issued, may not be legal
or honored by the entities that issued them. Governmental agencies may require various types of permits to explore shipwreck sites, and
the permitting process is often lengthy and complex. Obtaining permits and entering into agreements with governmental and quasi-governmental
agencies to conduct historic shipwreck exploration and recovery operations is generally a very complex, time consuming, and expensive
process. Furthermore, the process of entering into agreements and/or obtaining permits may be subject to lengthy delays, possibly in
excess of a year. Some governmental agencies may refuse to issue permits to the Company for recovery of artifacts or intentionally delay
the permitting process, or go beyond their authority and request halting of ground disturbance. 

The
reasons for a lengthy permitting process may be due to a number of potential factors including but not limited to requests by permitting
agencies for additional information, submitted applications that need to be revised or updated, newly discovered information that needs
to be added to an application or agreement, changes to either the agreement or permit terms or revisions to other information contained
in the permit, excessive administrative time lags at permitting agencies, work halts based on biased predispositions with no authority
given by rule 1A-31, etc. Existing permits and agreements may be put on hold or suspended without notice for lengthy periods of time
due to administrative issues and disagreements over the terms and conditions. The length of time it takes to obtain permits, enter into
agreements, or rectify any conditions that are causing a permit to be suspended or on hold may cause the Company to expend significant
resources while gearing up to do work with little or no visibility as to timing. An example of delays implemented by FBAR for Seafarer s
permitted Area 2 in Melbourne Beach, Seafarer was prevented from performing certain activities authorized under the permit for 747 days
out of the 1,095 days during the course of the last three year permit for Area 2 even though the permit was active. 

The
Company regularly reviews opportunities to perform exploration and recovery operations at purported historic shipwreck sites. The Company
currently does have some specific plans to perform exploration and recovery operations at other shipwreck sites in the future, however
these plans are subject to change based on a number of factors. The Company is actively reviewing other potential historic shipwreck
sites, including sites located internationally, for possible exploration and recovery. Should the Company decide that it will pursue
exploration and recovery activities at other potential shipwreck sites, it may be necessary to obtain various permits as well as environmental
permits. 

The
Company continually monitors media rights for potential revenue opportunities. The Company has had discussions with media entities to
further understand the potential advantages offered. Management believes various forms of media can represent a potential future revenue
opportunity for the Company, if the right circumstances arise. 

This
type of business venture is extremely speculative in nature and carries a tremendous amount of risk. An investment in the Company s
securities is highly speculative and very risky and should only be considered by those investors or lenders who do not require near-term
liquidity and who can afford to suffer a complete and total loss of their investment. 

15 

Results
of Operations 

We
have generated only minimal revenue from operations and do not expect to report any significant revenue from operations for the foreseeable
future. We have incurred recurring losses to date. Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue
as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue in operation. 

The
Company expects to continue to incur significant operating losses and to generate negative cash flow from operating activities, while
building out its infrastructure in order to explore and salvage historic shipwreck sites and establishing itself in the marketplace.
Based on our historical rate of expenditures, the Company expects to expend its available cash in less than one month from March
31, 2023. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company had working capital deficits of 1,660,922 and 1,668,699, respectively. The working capital deficit
decreased by 7,777, a percentage decrease of approximately 0.01 , from 2021 to 2022. Although the Company s working capital deficit
decreased in 2022, such deficit may indicate that there is substantial risk to the continued viability of the Company and a high degree
of risk that the Company could become insolvent due to this significant working capital deficit and the lack of meaningful cash flow
from its operations. The Company is in immediate need of further working capital and is seeking options, with respect to financing, in
the form of debt, equity or a combination thereof. 

Since
inception, the Company has funded its operations through common stock issuances and loans in order to meet its strategic objectives;
however, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain further funds to continue with its efforts to establish a
new business. There is a very significant risk that the Company will be unable to obtain financing to fund its operation and as such
the Company may be forced to cease operations at any time which would likely result in a complete loss of all capital that has been invested
in and/or borrowed by the Company to date. 

The
Company s ability to eliminate operating losses and to generate positive cash flow from operations in the future will depend upon
a variety of factors, many of which it is unable to control. If the Company is unable to implement its business plan successfully, it
may not be able to eliminate operating losses, generate positive cash flow or achieve or sustain profitability, which may have a material
adverse effect on the Company s business, operations, and financial results, as well as its ability to make payments on its debt
obligations, and the Company may be forced to cease operations. 

If
we are unable to secure additional financing, our business may fail and our stock price will likely be materially adversely affected.
The Company s lack of operating cash flow and reliance on the sale of its common stock and loans to fund operations is extremely
risky. If the Company is unable to continue to raise capital or obtain loans or other financing on terms that are acceptable to the Company,
or at all, then it is highly likely that the Company will be forced to cease operations. If the Company ceases its operations, then it
is very highly likely that all capital invested in and/or borrowed by the Company will be lost. 

Summary
of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Results of Operations Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenue 

The
Company s core business involving the exploration and recovery of historic shipwrecks has not generated any revenues to date and
is not expected to generate any significant revenues for the foreseeable future. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company generated 12,792 and 23,761 in revenue respectively, which is shown as service income on the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations. 

Net
Losses 

The
Company s net loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 2,616,601, and 2,625,414, respectfully, a year-over-year
decrease of approximately 0.3 . 

16 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses were 2,438,355 for the year ended December 31, 2022 versus 2,369,381 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of
2.9 . The increase in operating expenses in 2022 was primarily due to increases in consulting and contractor expenses, vessel maintenance
and dockage expenses, and general and administrative expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2022, consulting and contractor expenses
were 1,487,446 compared to 1,234,353 during the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 20.5 . Consulting and contractor expenses
increased in 2022 primarily due to rising labor costs due to inflation and the Company expanded its exploration related activities. Vessel
maintenance expenses were 158,496 during 2022 versus 109,182 during the same period in 2021, an increase of 45.2 . Vessel related expenses
periodically fluctuate due to a variety of factors, during 2022 the Company incurred higher vessel related fuel and maintenance costs.
Research and development expenses were 172,877 in 2022 versus research and development expenses of 439,816 in 2021, a decrease of approximately
60.1 . The Company believes that it will continue to expend significant resources to further develop the SeaSearcher and to begin developing
next generation versions of the technology. The Company s research and development expenses were related to the continued development
of its SeaSearcher autonomous underwater device. The decrease in research and development expenses in 2022 was a result of the Company
focusing on the practical use of the SeaSearcher as opposed to new and early research and development of the technology which is more
expensive and time consuming. The Company believes that it will continue to expend significant resources to further develop the SeaSearcher
and to begin developing next generation versions of the technology. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred professional
fee related expenses of 70,271 versus 83,196 during the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 15.5 . In 2022 the Company paid
fewer legal fees than it did during 2021, however the Company anticipates that it will continue to need to pay legal fees related to
shipwreck site permitting issues. General and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 406,560 compared to
 376,696 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 7.9 . General and administrative fees increased in 2022 due to the Company
paying fees to rent a vessel for exploration activities. Depreciation expense was 21,860 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 21,860
in 2021. Rent expense was 46,077 in 2022 versus 41,182 in 2021, an 11.9 year-over-year increase, which is largely attributable to
inflationary conditions in the rental market, particularly in the state of Florida. Travel and entertainment expenses for the year ended
December 31, 2022 were 74,768 versus 63,096 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 18.5 . Travel and entertainment expenses
increased primarily due increased corporate activity. 

Other
Income (Expenses) 

Other
income (expense) was (191,218) during the year ended December 31, 2022 versus (279,794) during the year ended December 31, 2021. The
31.7 decrease in other income (expense) in 2022 was primarily due to decreases in loss on extinguishment of debt and interest expense.
Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 62,268 versus 177,499 for the same period in 2021, a decrease of 65.0 . The
decrease in interest expense was mostly due to a decrease in the amortization of interest relating to the beneficial conversion features
of several convertible notes. Loss on extinguishment of debt was 43,950 during the year ended December 31, 2022 versus 121,847 during
the same period in 2021. Net loss on settlement of accounts payable was 0 during the year ended December 31, 2022 versus 448 for the
same period in 2021. Gain on sale of asset was 0 during the year ended December 31, 2022 versus 20,000 in the same period in 2021.
The gain on disposal of asset in 2021 was due to the sale of one of the Company s salvage vessels that had been fully depreciated.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, loss on sale of asset was 85,000 versus 0 in 2021. The loss on sale of asset in 2022 was due
to the Company writing off the value of a boat that it was leasing and had agreed to purchase. The Company decided to write off the value
of the boat because it became damaged. The gain on sale of asset in 2021 was due to the sale of one of the Company s salvage
vessels that had been fully depreciated. 

Cash
Flows from Operating Activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 net cash flows used in operating activities was 1,989,194. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021 net cash flows used in operating activities was 1,715,582. 

Cash
flows used in operating activities increased in 2022 due to the increase in the amortization of unearned compensation, and the loss
on the disposal of a boat related asset. 

Cash
Flows from Investing Activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 net cash flows used in investing activities was (145). 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021 net cash flows provided by investing activities was 20,000. 

Cash
flows used in investing activities decreased due to the Company not receiving the proceeds from the disposal of an asset in 2022, whereas
in 2021 the Company received 20,000 from the sale of assets. 

Cash
Flows from Financing Activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 net cash provided by financing activities was 2,084,947. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021 net cash provided by financing activities was 1,590,510. 

17 

Cash
flows provided by financing activities primarily increased in 2022 due to an increase in the proceeds from the issuance of common stock
and proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes payable and convertible notes payable to related parties. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had 177,409 cash in the bank. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company incurred
net losses of 2,616,601 and 2,625,414, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 178,159 in current assets and 1,839,081
in current liabilities, leaving the Company a working capital deficit of 1,660,922. 

Lack
of Liquidity 

A
major financial challenge and significant risk facing the Company is a lack of positive cash flow and liquidity. The Company continued
to operate with significant debt and a working capital deficit during the year ended December 31, 2022. This working capital deficit
indicates that the Company is unable to meet its short-term liabilities with its current assets. This working capital
deficit is extremely risky for the Company as it may be forced to cease its operations due to its inability to meet its current obligations.
If the Company is forced to cease its operations, then it is highly likely that all capital invested in and/or borrowed by the Company
will be lost. 

The
expenses associated with being a small publicly traded company attempting to develop the infrastructure to explore and salvage historic
shipwrecks recovery are extremely prohibitive, especially given that the Company does not currently generate any significant revenues
and does not expect to generate any significant revenues in the near future. There are ongoing expenses associated with operations that
are incurred whether the Company is conducting shipwreck recovery operations or not. Vessel maintenance, upkeep expenses and docking
fees are continuous and unavoidable regardless of the Company s operational status. Management anticipates that the vessels utilized
by the Company in its operations will need continuous and unavoidable repairs and maintenance, particularly if the Company ramps up its
operational footprint and is working on more than one site simultaneously as anticipated. These repairs and maintenance are expensive
and have a negative impact on the Company s cash position. 

In
addition to the operation expenses, a publicly traded company also incurs the significant recurring corporate expenses related to maintaining
publicly traded status, which include, but are not limited to accounting, legal, audit, executive, administrative, corporate communications,
rent, telephones, etc. The recurring expenses associated with being a publicly traded company are very burdensome for smaller public
companies such as Seafarer. This lack of liquidity creates a very risky situation for the Company in terms of its ability to continue
operating, which in turn makes owning shares of the Company s common stock extremely risky and highly speculative. The Company s
lack of liquidity may cause the Company to be forced to cease operations at any time which would likely result in a complete loss of
all capital invested in or borrowed by the Company to date. 

Due
to the fact that the Company does not generate any revenues and does not expect to generate revenues for the foreseeable future it must
rely on outside equity and debt funding. The combination of the ongoing operating expenses that must be met even during times when there
is little or no exploration or recovery activities taking place, and corporate expenses, creates a very risky situation for the Company
and its shareholders in terms of the need to access external financing to fund operations. This working capital shortfall and lack of
access to cash to fund corporate activities is extremely risky and may force the Company to cease its operations which would more than
likely result in a complete loss of all capital invested in or loaned to the Company to date. 

Lack
of Revenues and Cash Flow/Significant Losses from Operations 

The
exploration and recovery of historic shipwrecks requires a multi-year, multi-stage process and it may be many years before any significant
revenue is generated from exploration and recovery activities, if ever. The Company does not believe that it will generate any significant
revenues in the near future. The Company believes that it may be several years before it is able to generate any cash flow from its operations,
if any are ever generated at all. Without revenues and cash flow the Company does not have reliable cash flow to pay its expenses. The
Company relies on outside financing in the form of equity and debt and it is possible that the Company may not be able to obtain outside
financing in the future. If the Company is not able to obtain financing it would more than likely be forced to cease operations and all
of the capital that has been invested in or borrowed by the Company would be lost. 

If
the Company is unable to secure additional financing, our business may fail or our operating results and our stock price may be materially
adversely affected. The raising of additional financing would in all likelihood result in dilution or reduction in the value of the Company s
securities. 

The
Company may not be able to continue as a going concern. If the Company is not able to continue as a going concern, it is highly likely
that all capital invested in the Company or borrowed by the Company will be lost. The report of our independent auditors for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 raises substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to
our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have experienced operating losses in every year
since our inception resulting in an accumulated deficit. Our independent auditors believe, based on our financial results as of December
31, 2022, that such results raised substantial doubts about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. If the Company
is not able to continue as a going concern, it is highly likely that all capital invested in the Company or borrowed by the Company will
be lost. 

The
Company has experienced a net loss in every fiscal year since inception. The Company s losses from operations were 2,425,383 for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2,345,620 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company believes that it will continue to generate
losses from its operations for the foreseeable future and the Company may not be able to generate positive cash flow or a profit in the
long-term, or ever. 

18 

Convertible
Notes Payable and Notes Payable, in Default 

The
Company does not have additional sources of debt financing to refinance its convertible notes payable and notes payable that are currently
in default. If the Company is unable to obtain additional capital, such lenders may file suit, including suit to foreclose on the assets
held as collateral for the obligations arising under the secured notes. If any of the lenders file suit to foreclose on the assets held
as collateral, then the Company may be forced to significantly scale back or cease its operations which would more than likely result
in a complete loss of all capital that has been invested in or borrowed by the Company. The fact that the Company is in default regarding
several loans held by various lenders makes investing in the Company or providing any loans to the Company extremely risky with a very
high potential for a complete loss of capital. 

The
convertible notes that have been issued by the Company are convertible at the lender s option. These convertible notes represent
significant potential dilution to the Company s current shareholders as the convertible price of these notes is generally lower
than the current market price of the Company s shares. As such when these notes are converted into equity there is typically a
highly dilutive effect on current shareholders and very high probability that such dilution may significantly negatively affect the trading
price of the Company s common stock. Furthermore, management intends to have discussions or has already had discussions with several
of the promissory note holders who do not currently have convertible notes regarding converting their notes into equity. Any such amended
agreements to convert promissory notes into equity would more than likely have a highly dilutive effect on current shareholders and there
is a very high probability that such dilution may significantly negatively affect the trading price of the Company s common stock.
Some of these note holders have already amended their notes and converted the notes into equity. Based on conversations with other note
holders, the Company believes that additional note holders will amend their notes to contain a convertibility clause and eventually convert
the notes into equity. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these
consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments which affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities (see Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,
contained in the notes to the Company s consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 contained
in this filing). On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other
assumptions which we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about
the carrying value of assets and liabilities which are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these
estimates based upon different assumptions or conditions; however, we believe that our estimates are reasonable. 

Management
is aware that certain changes in accounting estimates employed in generating financial statements can have the effect of making the Company
look more or less profitable than it actually is. Management does not believe that the Company has made any such changes in accounting
estimates. 

Off-balance
Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not
required. 

19 

Item
8. Financial Statements. 

SEAFARER
EXPLORATION CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page
 No. 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Tampa, FL, PCAOB ID 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8
 F-22 

20 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

March 31, 2023 

To the Board of Directors of Seafarer
Exploration Corp. 

In connection
with our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Seafarer Exploration Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022, we will issue
our report thereon dated March 31, 2023. Professional standards require that we provide you with the following information related to
our audit. 

Significant and Critical Accounting Policies
and Practices 

Management is responsible for
the selection and use of appropriate accounting policies. In accordance with the terms of our engagement letter, we will advise management
about the appropriateness of accounting policies and their application. The Company s significant accounting policies are disclosed
in the notes to the financial statements as required by generally accepted accounting principles. As described in Note 3, the Company
changed accounting policies related to convertible debentures by adopting FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2020-06, Accounting
for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity , in 2022. Accordingly, the accounting change has
been adopted utilizing the modified retrospective method, which resulted in an immaterial impact to the Company. We noted no transactions
entered into by the Company during the year for which accounting policies are controversial or for which there is a lack of authoritative
guidance or consensus or diversity in practice. 

Critical accounting policies
and practices are those that are both most important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results and require
management s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effects
of matters that are inherently uncertain. The critical accounting policies used by Seafarer Exploration Corp. in its 2022 consolidated
financial statements are described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements and relate to the policies the Company uses to recognize
revenue and account for the fair value of financial instruments due to the nature of the items. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Accounting estimates are an integral
part of the financial statements prepared by management and are based on management s knowledge and experience about past and current
events and assumptions about future events. Critical accounting estimates are estimates for which (a) the nature of the estimate is material
due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters
to change and (b) the impact of the estimate on financial condition or operating performance is material. The Company s critical
accounting estimate affecting the consolidated financial statements was: 

Management s estimate used
in the calculation of the lease liability is based on certain factors and inputs that have been determined by management. We evaluated
the key factors and assumptions used to develop the value in determining that it is reasonable in relation to the consolidated financial
statements taken as a whole. 

Management s estimate
used in the determination of recording debt and equity transactions is based on certain factors and inputs that have been determined by
management. We evaluated the key factors and assumptions used to develop the value in determining that it is reasonable in relation to
the consolidated financial statements taken as a whole. 

Significant Unusual Transactions 

For purposes
of this letter, professional standards define significant unusual transactions as transactions that are outside the normal course
of business for the Company or that otherwise appear to be unusual due to their timing, size or nature. We noted no significant unusual
transactions during our audit. 

Related Party Relationships and Transactions 

As part of our audit, we
evaluated the Company s identification of, accounting for, and disclosure of the Company s relationships and
transactions with related parties as required by professional standards. We noted no related parties or related party relationships
or transactions that were previously undisclosed to us; significant related-party transactions
that have not been approved in accordance with the Company s policies or procedures or for which exceptions to the
Company s policies or procedures were granted; or significant related party transactions that appeared to lack a business
purpose. 

3001
 N. Rocky Point Dr. East Suite 200 Tampa, Florida 33607 813.367.3527 

F- 1 

Quality of the Company s Financial
 Reporting 

Management is responsible not only
for the appropriateness of the accounting policies and practices, but also for the quality of such policies and practices. Our responsibility
under professional standards is to evaluate the qualitative aspects of the company s accounting practices, including potential bias
in management s judgments about the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, and to communicate the results of our evaluation
and our conclusions to you. There were no items noted that require communication with you. 

Uncorrected and Corrected Misstatements 

Professional standards require us
to accumulate misstatements identified during the audit, other than those that are clearly trivial, and to communicate accumulated misstatements
to management. The schedule below summarizes the uncorrected misstatements that we presented to management, other than those that are
clearly trivial, that, in our judgment, may not have been detected except through our auditing procedures. There were no corrected misstatements
noted during the audit. 

Management has determined that the
effects of the uncorrected misstatements are immaterial, both individually and in the aggregate, to the consolidated financial statements
as a whole. The uncorrected misstatements or the matters underlying them could potentially cause future period financial statements to
be materially misstated, even though, in our judgment, such uncorrected misstatements are immaterial to the financial statements under
 audit. 

Auditor s Report 

In connection with the audit of the
consolidated financial statements, we have provided you a draft of our auditor s report, and we discussed the draft of our auditor s
report with you, including the identification of critical audit matters associated with the accounting for stock based compensation. We
have identified these items as critical audit matters as they relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
and involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

Disagreements with Management 

For purposes of this letter, professional
standards define a disagreement with management as a matter, whether or not resolved to our satisfaction, concerning a financial accounting,
reporting, or auditing matter that could be significant to the financial statements or the auditor s report. We are pleased to report
that no disagreements with management arose during the course of our audit. 

Difficulties Encountered in Performing
the Audit 

We encountered no significant difficulties
in dealing with management in performing and completing our audit. 

F- 2 

Other Information in Documents
Containing Audited Financial Statements 

The Company s audited consolidated
financial statements are included in its annual report. Our responsibility for the other information contained in the annual report does
not extend beyond the financial information identified in our audit report. We do not have an obligation to perform any procedures to
corroborate the other information contained in the annual report. However, we read the other information and considered whether such information
(including the manner of its presentation) contained a material misstatement of fact or was materially inconsistent with information appearing
in the financial statements. Nothing came to our attention that caused us to believe that such information (including the manner of its
presentation) contained a material misstatement of fact or was materially inconsistent with the information appearing in the financial
statements. 

This information is intended solely
for the use of the Audit Committee, Board of Directors, and management of Seafarer Exploration Corp. and is not intended to be, and should
not be, used by anyone other than these specified parties. 

Very truly yours, 

F- 3 

SEAFARER
 EXPLORATION CORP. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 
 - 

Deposits 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Right of use asset 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Convertible notes payable, related parties, net of discounts of and , respectively 

Convertible notes payable, in default 

Convertible notes payable, in default - related parties 

Notes payable 
 - 

Notes payable, in default 

Notes payable, in default - related parties 

Shareholder loan 

Lease liability, current 

Total current liabilities 

Lease liability, long-term 
 - 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par values - shares authorized; shares issued 

Series A - shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series B - shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value - shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, repectively 

Common stock to be issued, par value, and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Unearned compensation 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

SEAFARER
 EXPLORATION CORP. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue: 

Service income 

Operating Expenses 

Consulting and contractor expenses 

Vessel maintenance and dockage 

Research and development 

Professional fees 

General and administrative expense 

Depreciation expense 

Rent expense 

Travel and entertainment expense 

Total operating expenses 

Net loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Net loss on settlement of accounts payable 
 - 

Gain on sale of asset 
 - 

Loss on disposal of asset 
 
 - 
 
 Total other income (expenses) 

Loss before income tax 

Provision for income tax 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted loss per share 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

SEAFARER
 EXPLORATION CORP. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 
 FOR
 THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Unearned 
 Additional 
 
 Accumulated 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 Series B Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Common Stock to be Issued 
 Compensation 
 Paid in Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 

Balance December 31, 2020 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock issued to convert notes payable and accrued interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Amortization of unearned compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Equity kicker 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Beneficial conversion feature 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2021 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Stock issued to convert notes payable and accrued interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Stock issued for financing fees 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Cancellation of shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Amortization of unearned compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

SEAFARER
 EXPLORATION CORP. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of beneficial conversion feature and loan fees 

Amortization of unearned compensation 

Common stock issued for services 

Financing fees on debt 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Loss on disposal of asset 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on settlement of accounts payable 
 - 

Decrease (increase) in: 

Prepaid expenses and deposits 

Increase (decrease) in: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 
 - 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sale of asset 
 - 

Net cash (used in) provided by
 investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from the issuance of common stock 

Proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes payable, related party 

Proceeds from the issuance of notes payable, related party 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from the issuance of notes payable 
 - 

Payments on convertible notes payable, related party 
 
 - 
 
 Payments on notes payable, related party 

Payments on notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Payments to shareholders 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH, END OF PERIOD 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash operating and financing activities: 

Convertible debt and accrued interest converted to common stock 

Beneficial conversion feature on convertible notes payable 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

SEAFARER
EXPLORATION CORP. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

as of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s
net loss was and at December 31, 2022, the Company had a working capital deficit of . These factors raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Based on its historical rate of expenditures, the Company expects
to expend its available cash in less than one month from March 31, 2023. Management s plans include raising capital through the
issuance of common stock and debt to fund operations and, eventually, the generation of revenue through its business. The Company does
not expect to generate any significant revenues for the foreseeable future. The Company is in immediate need of further working capital
and is seeking options, with respect to financing, in the form of debt, equity or a combination thereof. 

Failure
to raise adequate capital and generate adequate revenues could result in the Company having to curtail or cease operations. The Company s
ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances of the common stock is unknown. Additionally, even if the Company does
raise sufficient capital to support its operating expenses and generate adequate revenues, there can be no assurances that the revenue
will be sufficient to enable it to develop to a level where it will generate profits and cash flows from operations. These matters raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern; however, the accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal
course of business. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets
or the classifications of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Covid-19
Disclosure 

The
COVID-19 global pandemic may have a serious negative affect on the Company s operations and business. It is possible that this
ongoing global pandemic may cause the Company to have to significantly delay or suspend its operations, which would likely result in
a material adverse impact on its business and financial positions. 

Furthermore,
the Company may be unable to raise sufficient capital due to COVID-19 s effects on the general economy and the capital markets.
If the Company is not able to obtain financing due to COVID-19, then it is highly likely that it will be forced to cease operations.
Smaller companies such as Seafarer, who lack significant revenues, earnings and cash flows as well as who lack diversified business operations
are particularly vulnerable to having to potentially cease operations due to the effects of COVID-19. If the Company were to be unable
to raise capital and cease its operations then it would be highly likely that the Company would not survive and lenders and investors
would suffer a complete loss of all capital loaned to or invested in the Company. 

Current
Economic Conditions 

The
Company and certain of its advisors are closely monitoring current domestic economic conditions. Of particular concern is that the rate
of inflation that has been reported to be near a 40 year high in 2022 and continues to be elevated when compared to historical averages.
Inflationary pressures have resulted in an increase in the cost of fuel and labor. The Company s vessels use large amounts of fuel
when in operation and the recent rise in the per gallon cost of gasoline will cause an increase in the Company s operating expenses.
The higher cost of fuel may hamper the Company s ability to conduct operations. The increasing inflation in the overall economy
has also lead to higher interest rates which may make it more expensive or potentially more challenging for the Company to access financing. 

and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company also has a separate sales referral agreement, with no sales quotas or specific goals or targets, with a limited liability company
that provides product/system engineering and development services. The Company s performance obligation is met when the payment
from the customer is received by the provider of the development services, which is at a point in time. The Company receives referral
fees when payment is received from the provider of the product/system development services which is when the Company recognizes revenue
under the agreement. 

The
Company recognizes revenue when cash is received or when it has met its obligations per the terms of a contract or agreement for services.
Payments received for services not yet provided are recorded as deferred revenue and are recognized as revenue when the services have
been provided. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to provide scanning services using its SeaSearcher technology
to a corporation involved in searching for historic shipwreck material. Under the terms of the agreement the Company received an upfront
payment of 140,000 which has been included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 as deferred
revenue, as the services have not yet been provided. 

and shares of common stock underlying our outstanding convertible notes payable and warrants, respectively. 

for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which is included in operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. 

Convertible
Debentures 

The
Company adopted the guidance in Accounting Standards Updated ASU 2020-06, Accounting for Convertible
Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity on January 1, 2022. ASU 2020-06 simplifies an issuer s
accounting for convertible instruments and its application of the derivatives scope exception for contracts in its own equity.
Additionally, ASU 2020-06 removes the requirements for accounting for beneficial conversion features. The Company adopted ASU
2020-06 utilizing the modified retrospective method, which resulted in an immaterial impact to the Company. 

, as operating lease expense,
which is included in rent expense on the consolidated statements of operations. 

The
Company leases 823 square feet of office space located at 14497 North Dale Mabry Highway, Suite 209-N, Tampa, Florida 33618. During the
year ended December 31, 2019 and through June 30, 2020 the Company paid 1,252 per month to lease the office space. The Company entered
into an amended lease agreement commencing on July 1, 2020 through July 31, 2023 with base month rents of from July 1, 2020 to
June 30, 2021, from July 1, 2021 to June 30, 2022, from July 1, 2022 to June 30, 2023 and from July 1, 2023 to July
31, 2023. Under the terms of the lease there may be additional fees charged above the base monthly rental fee. 

In
adopting Topic 842, the Company has elected the package of practical expedients , which permits the Company not to reassess
under the new standard its prior conclusions about lease identification, lease classification and initial direct costs. The Company did
not elect the use-of-hindsight or the practical expedient pertaining to land easements; the latter is not applicable to the Company.
As permitted under the new guidance, the Company has made an accounting policy election not to apply the recognition provisions of the
new guidance to short term leases (leases with a lease term of twelve months or less that do not include an option to purchase the underlying
asset that the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise); instead, the Company will recognize the lease payments for short term leases
on a straight-line basis over the lease term. On July 1, 2020, upon renewal of the lease, the Company recorded a right-of-use asset and lease liability
of 48,957. 

Less accumulated amortization 

Right of use assets, net 

Amortization
on the right -of -use asset is included in rent expense on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Less: current portion 

Long term portion 
 - 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less: Present value discount 

Lease liability 

The
Company also has an operating lease for a house located in Palm Bay, Florida that it leases on a month-to-month basis for 1,300 per
month. The Company uses the house to store equipment and gear and to provide temporary work-related living quarters for its divers, personnel,
consultants and independent contractors involved in its exploration and recovery operations. The Company also pays a rental fee for a
space in a park on an as needed basis. 

F- 12 

- 

Notes payable, Face Value 

- 

Notes payable, Face Value 

- 

Notes payable, Face Value 

- 

Notes payable, Face Value 

- 

Face
 value 

Less
 unamortized discounts 

() 

Balance
 convertible notes payable - related parties 

Issue
 Date 

Maturity 
 Date 
 
 December
 31, 
 2022 

December
 31, 
 2021 

Rate 

Conversion 
 Price 

Principal 
 Balance 

Principal 
 Balance 

Convertible
 notes payable - in default 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Balance
 convertible notes payable - in default 

Issue
 Date 
 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 
 December
 31, 
 2022 

December
 31, 
 2021 

Rate 

Conversion 
 Price 

Principal 
 Balance 

Principal 
 Balance 

Convertible
 notes payable - related parties, in default 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

- 

Notes payable, Face Value 

- 

Balance
 convertible notes payable - related parties, in default 

Balance
 all convertible notes payable 

919,800 

875,936 

Notes
Payable 

- 

Balance
 notes payable 

- 

Issue
 Date 
 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 
 December
 31, 2022 

December
 31, 2021 

Rate 

Principal 
 Balance 

Principal 
 Balance 

Notes
 payable - in default 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Balance
 notes payable default 

Issue
 Date 
 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 
 December
 31, 2022 

December
 31, 2021 

Rate 

Principal 
 Balance 

Principal 
 Balance 

Notes
 payable - related parties, in default 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Notes payable, Face Value 

Balance
 notes payable - related parties, in default 

Balance
 all notes payable 

136,500 

196,500 

The
convertible notes payable are convertible into a fixed number of shares and with no down round protection features. The Company accounted
for the beneficial conversion features based on the intrinsic value at the date of issuance. During the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company recognized beneficial conversion features totaling 0 and 6,000, respectively. The discount from the beneficial
conversion features are being amortized through charges to interest expense over the term of the convertible notes payable. For the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded interest expense related to the amortization of debt discounts in the amount of
approximately 3,864 and 40,000, respectively, which is included in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations. 

New
Convertible Notes Payable Issued During the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into the following Convertible Notes Payable and Notes Payable Agreements: 

In
July of 2022, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note agreement in the amount of 20,000 with a related party who is a
member of the Board of Directors. This note pays interest at a rate of 6 per annum and the principal and accrued interest is due on
or before January 6, 2023. The note is unsecured and is convertible at the lender s option into shares of the Company s common
stock at a rate of 0.0015 per share. 

In
July of 2022, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note agreement in the amount of 10,000 with a related party who is a
member of the Board of Directors. This note pays interest at a rate of 6 per annum and the principal and accrued interest is due on
or before January 29, 2023. The note is unsecured and is convertible at the lender s option into shares of the Company s
common stock at a rate of 0.002 per share. 

In
August of 2022, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note agreement in the amount of 10,000 with a related party who is
a member of the Board of Directors. This note pays interest at a rate of 6 per annum and the principal and accrued interest is due on
or before February 4, 2023. The note is unsecured and is convertible at the lender s option into shares of the Company s common
stock at a rate of 0.002 per share. 

In
August of 2022, the Company entered into a promissory note agreement in the amount of 5,000 with a related party. This note paid interest
at a rate of 6 per annum and the principal and accrued interest was due on or before August 26, 2022. The lender received 500,000 shares
of the Company s restricted common stock as a loan origination fee. The note was repaid and the balance at December 31, 2022 was
 0. 

In
August of 2022, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note agreement in the amount of 50,000 with an individual. This note
pays interest at a rate of 6 per annum and the principal and accrued interest was due on or before September 29, 2022. The note is unsecured
and is convertible at the lender s option into shares of the Company s common stock at a rate of 0.002 per share. This convertible
note payable was converted during 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered into the following Convertible Notes Payable and Notes Payable Agreements: 

In
October of 2021, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note agreement in the amount of 3,000 with a related party who is
a member of the Board of Directors. This note pays interest at a rate of 2 per annum and the principal and accrued interest is due on
or before April 13, 2022. The note is unsecured and is convertible at the lender s option into shares of the Company s common
stock at a rate of 0.0020 per share. This convertible note payable is in default due to non payment of principal and accrued interest. 

In
November of 2021, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note agreement in the amount of 3,000 with a related party who is
a member of the Board of Directors. This note pays interest at a rate of 2 per annum and the principal and accrued interest is due on
or before May 10, 2022. The note is unsecured and is convertible at the lender s option into shares of the Company s common
stock at a rate of 0.0020 per share. This convertible note payable is in default due to non payment of principal and accrued interest. 

Note
Conversions 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022: 

The
Company issued 25,221,918 shares of restricted common stock with a total share value of 73,117 to a related party to settle 50,444
of the principal and accrued interest owed on a convertible note payable that was due on September 29, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021: 

The
Company issued 8,734,640 shares of restricted common stock to a related party to settle 20,302 of accrued interest owed on sixteen convertible
notes payable with a total share value of 57,648. 

The
Company issued 15,594,247 shares of restricted common stock to a convertible note holder to settle 45,000 of the principal balance and
 1,783 of accrued interest on a convertible note payable with a total share value of 79,530. 

The
Company issued 35,615,390 shares of restricted common stock to a convertible note holder to settle 73,000 of the principal balance and
 28,761 of accrued interest on four convertible notes payable with a total share value of 146,024. 

Repayment
of Promissory Note 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repaid a total of 50,213 of the principal and accrued interest of a promissory note with
an original principal balance of 50,000 that was due on January 8, 2022. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company repaid a total of 10,000 and 2,000, respectively, of the principal of a promissory
note with an original principal balance of 75,000 that was due on December 14, 2018. The remaining principal balance of the note at
December 31, 2022 was 8,000. 

Shareholder
Loan 

At
December 31, 2022 the Company had the following loans outstanding to its CEO in the total amounts of 7,400 as follows: 

- 
 A
 loan with no due date with a remaining balance of 1,500 and an interest rate of 2 and a conversion rate of 0.0005; 

- 
 A
 loan due on January 22, 2022 with a remaining balance of 1,400 and an interest rate of 1 ; 

- 
 A
 loan due on January 26, 2022 with a remaining balance of 1,000 and an interest rate of 1 ; and 

- 
 A
 loan due on September 9, 2022 with a remaining balance of 3,500, and an interest rate of 1 . 

At
December 31, 2021, the Company had the following loans outstanding to its CEO in the aggregate amount of 7,900: 

- 
 A
 loan with no due date with a 1,500 remaining balance and an interest rate of 2 and a conversion rate of 0.0005; 

- 
 A
 loan due on October 26, 2021 with a remaining balance of 4,000 and an interest rate of 1 ; 

- 
 A
 loan due on January 22, 2022 with a remaining balance of 1,400 and an interest rate of 1 ; and 

- 
 A
 loan due on January 26, 2022 with a remaining balance of 1,000 and an interest rate of 1 ; 

Repayment
of Shareholder Loan 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company repaid its CEO 3,017 of the principal balance and accrued interest for a loan dated May
17, 2022 that had an original principal balance of 3,000 and 4,078 of the principal balance plus accrued interest for a loan dated
April 26, 2021 that had an original principal balance of 6,000. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company repaid its CEO 2,000 for a loan dated April 26, 2021 that had an original principal balance
of 6,000. 

Collateralized
Promissory Notes 

Two
convertible notes outstanding with related parties, dated January 9, 2009 and January 18, 2012 are collateralized by Company assets. 

Convertible
Notes Payable and Notes Payable, in Default 

The
Company does not have additional sources of debt financing to refinance its convertible notes payable and notes payable that are currently
in default. If the Company is unable to obtain additional capital, such lenders may file suit, including suit to foreclose on the assets
held as collateral for the obligations arising under the secured notes. If any of the lenders file suit to foreclose on the assets held
as collateral, then the Company may be forced to significantly scale back or cease its operations, which would more than likely result
in a complete loss of all capital that has been invested in or borrowed by the Company. The fact that the Company is in default of several
promissory notes held by various lenders makes investing in the Company or providing any loans to the Company extremely risky with a
very high potential for a complete loss of capital. 

shares of common stock, par value per share. 

Preferred
Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock. 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had seven shares of Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding. Each share of Series A preferred
stock has the right to convert into 214,289 shares of the Company s common stock. In the event of a liquidation, Series A have
preference. 

Series
B Preferred Stock 

On
February 10, 2014, the Board of Directors of the Company under the authority granted under Article V of the Articles of Incorporation,
defined and created a new preferred series of shares from the 50,000,000 authorized preferred shares. Pursuant to Article V, the Board
of Directors has the power to designate such shares and all powers and matters concerning such shares. Such share class shall be designated
Preferred Class B. The preferred class was created for Preferred Class B shares. Such shares are non-convertible to common stock of the Company and are not considered as convertible
under any accounting measure. Such shares shall only be held by the Board of Directors as a Corporate body, and shall not be placed into
any individual name. Such shares were considered issued at the time of this resolution s adoption, and do not require a stock certificate
to exist, unless selected to do so by the Board for representational purposes only. Such shares are considered for voting as a whole
amount, and shall be voted for any matter by a majority vote of the Board of Directors. Such shares shall not be divisible among the
Board members, and shall be voted as a whole either for or against such a vote upon the vote of the majority of the Board of Directors.
In the event that there is any vote taken which results in a tie of a vote of the Board of Directors, the vote of the Chairman of the
Board shall control the voting of such shares. Such shares are not transferable except in the case of a change of control of the Corporation
when such shares shall continue to be held by the Board of Directors. Such shares have the authority to vote for all matters that require
a share vote under Florida law and the Articles of Incorporation. 

Warrants
and Options 

The
Company did not issue any warrants or options during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had no warrants to purchase shares of its restricted common stock outstanding. 

1.92 

Exercisable, December 31, 2020 

1.92 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited or expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

0.92 

Exercisable, December 31, 2021 

0.92 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited or expired 

- 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding, December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

and respectively, for federal purposes. The potential
tax benefit arising from the NOLs of approximately 14,600,000 from the period prior to the Act s effective date will begin to
expire in 2033. The potential tax benefit arising from the net operating loss carryforward of approximately 10,600,000 generated from
the period following the Act s effective date can be carried forward indefinitely within the annual usage limitations. Given the
Company s history of net operating losses, management has determined that it is more likely than not that the Company will not
be able to realize the tax benefit of the carryforwards. Accordingly, the Company has not recognized a deferred tax asset for this benefit. 

The
Company adopted FASB guidelines that address the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return
should be recorded in the financial statements. Under this guidance, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax
position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on
the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured
based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. This guidance
also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires
increased disclosures. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have a liability for unrecognized tax benefits. 

The
valuation allowance at December 31, 2022 was . The net change in valuation allowance during the year ended December 31,
2022 was 2,067,115. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that
some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. 

The
Company s policy is to record interest and penalties on uncertain tax provisions as income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company has not accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Additionally, past tax years remain open
to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. The Company is preparing and reviewing information
for tax returns for past years. Due to the Company s lack of revenue since inception management does not believe that there is
any income tax liability for past years. There are currently no open federal or state tax years under audit. 

Upon
the attainment of taxable income by the Company, management will assess the likelihood of realizing the tax benefit associated with the
use of the carry forwards and will recognize a deferred tax asset at that time. 

State tax, net of federal effect 

(24.96 
 (24.96 
 
 Valuation allowance 

Effective rate 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s only significant deferred income tax asset was a cumulative estimated net tax operating
loss of approximately and , respectively, that is available to offset future taxable income, if any, in future
periods, subject to expiration and other limitations imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. Management has considered the Company s
operating losses incurred to date and believes that a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets is required as of December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

In
October of 2021, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note agreement in the amount of 3,000 with a related party who is
a member of the Board of Directors. This note pays interest at a rate of 2 per annum and the principal and accrued interest is due on
or before April 13, 2022. The note is unsecured and is convertible at the lender s option into shares of the Company s common
stock at a rate of 0.0020 per share. 

In
October of 2021, Seafarer s CEO provided a loan to the Company in the amount of 1,400. The loan pays a 1 annual rate of interest,
was due and payable on January 25, 2022 and is not secured. 

In
October of 2021, Seafarer s CEO provided a loan to the Company in the amount of 1,000. The loan pays a 1 annual rate of interest,
was due and payable on January 26, 2022 and is not secured. 

In
November of 2021, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note agreement in the amount of 3,000 with a related party who is
a member of the Board of Directors. This note pays interest at a rate of 2 per annum and the principal and accrued interest is due on
or before May 10, 2022. The note is unsecured and is convertible at the lender s option into shares of the Company s common
stock at a rate of 0.0020 per share. 

In
December of 2021, the Company extended the term of previous agreements with four individuals to continue serving as members of the Company s
Board of Directors. Two of the individuals are related to the Company s CEO. Under the agreement, the Directors agreed to provide
various services to the Company including making recommendations for both the short term and the long term business strategies to be
employed by the Company, monitoring and assessing the Company s business and to advise the Company s Board of Directors with
respect to an appropriate business strategy on an ongoing basis, commenting on proposed corporate decisions and identifying and evaluating
alternative courses of action, making suggestions to strengthen the Company s operations, identifying and evaluating external threats
and opportunities to the Company, evaluating and making ongoing recommendations to the Board with respect for one year and may be terminated
by either the Company or the Director by providing written notice to the other party. The previous agreement also terminates automatically
upon the death, resignation or removal of the Directors. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company agreed to compensate the Board
members via payment of 10,000,000 restricted shares of its common stock each, an aggregate total of 40,000,000 shares, and to negotiate
future compensation on a year-by-year basis. The Company also agreed to reimburse the individuals for preapproved expenses. 

Additional
related party transactions: 

The
Company has an informal consulting agreement with a limited liability company that is owned and controlled by a person who is related
to the Company s CEO to pay the related party limited liability company a variable amount per month plus periodic bonuses to provide
general business consulting and assessing the Company s business and to advise management with respect to an appropriate business
strategy on an ongoing basis, commenting on proposed corporate decisions, perform period background research including background checks
and provide investigative information on individuals and companies and to assist, when needed, as an administrative specialist to perform
various administrative duties and clerical services including reviewing the Company s agreements and books and records. The consultant
provides the services under the direction and supervision of the Company s CEO. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company paid the related party consultant fees of 32,000 and 15,000, respectively, for services rendered. These fees are recorded
as an expense in consulting and contractor expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. At December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company owed the related party limited liability company 3,000 and 0, respectively. 

The
Company has an ongoing agreement with a limited liability company that is owned and controlled by a person who is related to the Company s
CEO to provide stock transfer agency services. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company paid the related party limited
liability company fees of 6,478 and 12,025 respectively, for services rendered. These fees are recorded as an expense in consulting
and contractor expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company also paid the related party limited liability 1,000,000 shares of the Company s restricted common stock, valued at
 5,100, as a bonus. All of the fees paid to the related party limited liability company are recorded as an expense in consulting and
contractor expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed the related party limited
liability company 3,975 and 0, respectively. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid a person who is related to the Company s CEO consulting fees of
 and
 ,
respectively, for assistance with social media and administrative services. Additionally, during the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company paid the related party consultant 5,000,000 shares, valued at and
6,000,000 shares, valued at ,
respectively, of the Company s restricted common stock as further compensation to offset cash payments for extra work and as a
bonus. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed the related party limited
liability company 3,000 and 0, respectively. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid a person who is related to the Company s CEO fees of 1,192 and 0,
respectively, for clerical services. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 8,734,640 shares of restricted common stock to a related party to settle 20,302
of accrued interest owed on sixteen convertible notes payable. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company paid a related party individual fees of 0 and 8,500 respectively, for graphic
design services. 5,500 of the fees are recorded as an expense in consulting and contractor expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations and 3,000 of the fees were recorded as a prepaid expense on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as
of December 31, 2021. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company paid fees of 93,500 and 31,943 to one of its Board members for business
consulting and strategic advisory services that were separate from his duties as a member of the Company s Board of Directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed the related party 0. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company paid fees of 24,000 and 22,000 to a limited liability company controlled by
one of its Board members for business consulting and strategic advisory services that were separate from his duties as a member of the
Company s Board of Directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed the related party 0. 

Shareholder
Loan Repayment 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company repaid its CEO 3,017 of the principal balance and accrued interest for a loan dated May
17, 2022 that had an original principal balance of 3,000 and 4,078 of the principal balance plus accrued interest for a loan dated
April 26, 2021 that had an original principal balance of 6,000. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company repaid its CEO 2,000 for a loan dated April 26, 2021 that had an original principal balance
of 6,000. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the following promissory notes and shareholder loans were outstanding to related parties: 

See
Note 5 convertible notes payable related parties, convertible notes payable related parties, in default, and notes payable
- related parties, in default. 

F- 21 

Total operating expenses 

Net loss from operations 

Segment
information relating to the Company s two operating segments for the year ended December 31, 2021 is as follows: 

December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2021 

Blockchain LogisTech, LLC 
 Seafarer Exploration Corp. 
 Consolidated 
 
 Service revenues 
 - 

Total operating expenses 

Net loss from operations 

shares of restricted common stock under subscription agreements for proceeds received of approximately ; 

(ii) 
 the issuance of 
 share of restricted common stock for subscription agreements that were entered into during the prior period for proceeds received of
 approximately ; 

(iii) 
 
 the issuance of shares of restricted
 common stock, with an aggregate value of approximately to various service providers; and 

(iv) 
 the issuance of shares of restricted
 common stock, with a value of approximately , to a non profit as a charitable donation. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022 the following loans went into default: 

1) A
convertible note payable originally due January 6, 2023 with a face amount of ; 

2) A
convertible note payable originally due January 28, 2023 with a face amount of ; and 

3) A
convertible note payable originally due February 04, 2023 with a face amount of . 

F- 22 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures. 

None 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

(a)
Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

Management s
Responsibility for Controls and Procedures 

The
Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the Company s financial
reporting. The Company s controls over financial reporting are designed under the supervision of the Company s Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that
the Company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is accumulated and
communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under
the Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our financial disclosure controls and
procedures were not effective so as to timely record, process, summarize and report financial information required to be included on
our Securities and Exchange Commission SEC reports due to the Company s limited internal resources and lack of
ability to have multiple levels of transaction review. However, as a result of our evaluation and review process, management believes
that the financial statements and other information presented herewith are materially correct. 

Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

As
of December 31, 2022, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operations of our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and based on the criteria for effective internal control described in Internal Control 
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (as revised). Based on our evaluation,
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective so as to timely record, process, summarize
and report financial information required to be included on our SEC reports due to the Company s limited internal resources and
lack of ability to have multiple levels of transaction review. However, as a result of our evaluation and review process, management
believes that the financial statements and other information presented herewith are materially correct. 

Management
including its Principal Executive Officer/Principal Financial Officer, does not expect that its disclosure controls and procedures, or
its internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable not absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of
the control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefit of controls must be considered relative
to their costs. 

Because
of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 

The
Company has limited resources and as a result, a material weakness in financial reporting currently exists, because of our limited resources
and personnel, including those described below. 

The
 Company has an insufficient quantity of dedicated resources and experienced personnel involved in reviewing and designing internal
 controls. As a result, a material misstatement of the interim and annual financial statements could occur and not be prevented or
 detected on a timely basis. 

We
 have not achieved the optimal level of segregation of duties relative to key financial reporting functions. 

We
 do not have an audit committee or an independent audit committee financial expert. While not being legally obligated to have an audit
 committee or independent audit committee financial expert, it is Management s view that to have an audit committee, comprised
 of independent board members, and an independent audit committee financial expert, is an important entity-level control over the
 Company s financial statements. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency (within the meaning of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) auditing standard 5) or
combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management
has determined that a material weakness exists due to a lack of segregation of duties, resulting from the Company s limited resources
and personnel. 

21 

Remediation
Efforts to Address Deficiencies in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

As
a result of these findings, management, upon obtaining sufficient capital and operations, intends to take practical, cost-effective steps
in implementing internal controls, including the possible remedial measures set forth below. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have
sufficient capital and/or operations to implement any of the remedial measures described below. 

Assessing
 the current duties of existing personnel and consultants, assigning additional duties to existing personnel and consultants, and,
 in a cost effective manner, potentially hiring additional personnel to assist with the preparation of the Company s financial
 statements to allow for proper segregation of duties, as well as additional resources for control documentation. 

Assessing
 the duties of the existing officers of the Company and, in a cost effective manner, possibly promote or hire additional personnel
 to diversify duties and responsibilities of such executive officers. 

Board
 to review and make recommendations to shareholders concerning the composition of the Board of Directors, with particular focus on
 issues of independence. The Board of Directors will consider nominating an audit committee and audit committee financial expert,
 which may or may not consist of independent members. 

Interviewing
 and potentially hiring outside consultants that are experts in designing internal controls over financial reporting based on criteria
 established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
 of the Treadway Commission COSO (as revised). 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules
of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

(b)
Change in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The
Company has not made any change in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

22 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Kyle
 Kennedy 
 63 
 President,
 CEO, Chairman of the Board 
 
 Charles
 Branscumb 
 62 
 Director 
 
 Robert
 L. Kennedy 
 71 
 Director 
 
 Bradford
 Clark 
 53 
 Director 
 
 Thomas
 Soeder 
 76 
 Director 

Kyle
Kennedy 

 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board 

In
2001, Mr. Kennedy co-founded a securities brokerage firm that offered securities sales and trading as well as investment banking services.
In 2003, Mr. Kennedy was also one of the founders of a securities transfer and processing company. Prior experience includes: August
1995 to Present President of Kennedy and Associates, Business Consultants; March 1998 to December 1998 Vice President
Corporate Finance, Palm State Equities, Inc.; January 1999 to September 1999 Vice President Investment Banking, 1st American
Investment Banking; September 1999 to May 2000 President and CEO, Nowtrade Corp. Mr. Kennedy is a senior financial executive,
CEO, and President, with over 28 years of experience in the brokerage business. He has held the following licenses: Series 3, 4, 5, 7,
52, 63, 24 and 55. He created, built and co-managed over 400 million of assets in money management, with specific focus in equity analysis.
Mr. Kennedy s public company experience includes his position as Executive Vice President and ultimately, acting President, of a
public holding company with four diverse operating entities. He performed the day to day operations of the company and management. He
was directly responsible for the turnaround of this complex, diverse holding company and successfully developed and implemented a creditor
workout plan, negotiating with over 100 creditors, collection agencies and attorneys. 

Charles
Branscum 

 Director 

Mr.
Branscum has spent the majority of his professional career working for Arkansas Steel Associates, LLC ASA ). Mr. Branscum
is currently the rolling mill foreman for ASA. 

Robert
L. Kennedy 
Director 

Dr.
Robert L. Rob Kennedy began his professional career as a mathematics teacher with Horace Mann Junior High School in Little
Rock, Arkansas. Returning to graduate school, he taught calculus in the mathematics department as a teaching assistant (TA) at the University
of Nebraska in Lincoln (UNL). Following his work at UNL, he taught mathematics at Kirkwood Community College in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Upon
entering a doctoral program at the University of Missouri, Columbia, he taught undergraduate and graduate courses in mathematics and
statistics as a TA. His Ph.D. was awarded in Higher Education with majors in Educational Psychology and Mathematical Statistics. After
graduation, Dr. Kennedy taught basic, advanced, and multivariate statistics in a doctoral education program at the University of Arkansas
at Little Rock. With a move to the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences (UAMS), he continued teaching comparable courses in the
Ph.D. nursing program. After twelve years, Dr. Kennedy retired as a Professor in the Office of Educational Development of UAMS after
serving for a time as Clinical Professor and Chair of the Department of Nursing Science, and Director of the Scholarship and Research
Center, all with UAMS. He has worked in the areas of evaluation, research, statistics, and technology in several universities, including
those mentioned above, as well as Western Kentucky University, the University of Central Arkansas, and as an adjunct with the University
of Central Michigan and the University of Memphis. He has consulted with numerous school districts and businesses, done extensive research
and documentation, and is a past president of both the MidSouth Educational Research Association and the Mid-South Educational Research
Foundation. 

Bradford
Clark 
Director 

Mr.
Clark is a six-year veteran of the Air National Guard where he achieved the rank senior airman. Mr. Clark has owned and operated several
lawn maintenance companies over the past thirty-seven years. Mr. Clark works with businesses to help them to increase efficiency and
facilitate changes designed to enhance their business model and encourage growth. Mr. Clark holds a Bachelor of Business Administration
in Management, University of Arkansas Little Rock. 

Thomas
Soeder 
Director 

Tom
Soeder has approximately forty-nine years of experience in computer sales, systems and management responsibilities across all market
segments, most product groups, and the full range of sales channels. As an Avnet account manager, Mr. Soeder concentrated his efforts
primarily on federal government business working with prime and subcontractors, winning over thirty new projects. With his teaming efforts
on ECS3, Mr. Soeder brought to Avnet the first commodities based subcontract worth over 600 billion in hardware dollars over ten years.
Tom achieved Presidents Club two years running. Mr. Soeder also served Avnet as its Mid Atlantic business development manager. Additionally,
Mr. Soeder also supported the team as a systems engineer covering Motorola and Intel designs. 

23 

Family
Relationships 

Charles
Branscum and Robert L. Kennedy are both related to Seafarer s CEO, Kyle Kennedy. 

Director
Positions in Other Public Companies 

No
director holds any directorship in a company with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of such Act. No director holds any directorship in a company registered as
an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Code
of Conduct 

As
the Board of Directors only has five directors, no audit or strategy committee has been established. The Company does not have a standing
nominating committee or any committee performing a similar function. For the above reasons, the Company has not adopted a code of ethics
although the Company intends to adopt a code of ethics. 

Reliance
on Certain Key Individuals 

The
Company believes that its future success will depend on the abilities and continued service of its CEO, Kyle Kennedy, and some of its
consultants and advisors. If Seafarer was not be able to retain Mr. Kennedy as the Company s CEO, then the Board of Directors believes
the Company would very likely suffer serious adverse and material consequences. Seafarer also utilizes the services of several key consultants
and advisors who have been very instrumental in the growth and development of the Company, particularly in the areas of archeological
research and diving operations, corporate financial consulting, strategic planning and corporate advisory services. The Company believes
that it is very important to its long-term success to retain the services of these consultants and advisors. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Officers
Summary Compensation Table 

Name
 and 
 Principal Position 
 
 Period 
 End 
 
 Salary 
 ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 

Option 
 Awards 
 ) 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Non-qualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 ) 

All
 Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Kyle
 Kennedy (1) 
 
 12/31/22 

180,010 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

2,794 

182,804 

12/31/21 

281,973 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

1,034 

283,007 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Kennedy did not receive any stock based compensation during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of January 1, 2020 the
 Company s Board of Directors agreed that the Company will provide a salary and other compensation to Mr. Kennedy after he did
 not receive a salary or any stock based compensation in years prior to 2020. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the
 Company paid 2,794 and 1,034 respectively for health, dental and other benefits for Mr. Kennedy. As a part of his duties as CEO,
 Mr. Kennedy is required to travel extensively on Company business as the Company s diving operations are located on the East
 Coast of Florida and the Company s headquarters are located on the West Coast of Florida. The Company determined that it would
 be less expensive for Mr. Kennedy to use his personal vehicle to travel on Company business rather than to lease a car for him. In
 lieu of leasing a car for Mr. Kennedy to use for Company business, Mr. Kennedy uses his personal vehicle for Company related travel.
 The Company provides Mr. Kennedy with periodic expense advances and reimbursements, including travel reimbursements for mileage and
 fuel for the use of his vehicle for Company business and reimburses him for various other Company business related expenses. The
 Company reimbursed or advanced to Mr. Kennedy 14,324 in 2022 and 10,301 in 2021 for travel related expenses and other Company expenses.
 The Company also paid 4,850 in 2022 and 4,183 in 2021 for Mr. Kennedy s cellular telephone, text, and wireless data plan. 

Officer
Compensation 

The
Company does not have a formal compensation plan in place for its officer. The Company s Board of Directors authorized Mr. Kennedy
to receive a salary, at his discretion based on the Company s financial position and developments with the business, in 2020 after
not paying him a salary since the inception of the Company in 2008. As of the date of the filing of this report the Board of Directors
and Mr. Kennedy have been engaged in the process of negotiating a compensation plan that includes stock based payments and other bonuses
and incentives with Mr. Kennedy in order to retain his services as the Company s CEO. 

24 

Directors
Summary Compensation Table 

The
following table shows the fees paid to the Company s Board of Directors for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 for their
work as members of the Board of Directors: 

Name
 and 
 Principal Position 
 
 Period
 End 
 
 Salary 
 ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 

Option 
 Awards 
 ) 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Non-qualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 ) 

All
 Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Total
 ) 

Kyle
 Kennedy (1) 
 
 12/31/2022 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

12/31/2021 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

Charles
 Branscum (2) 
 
 12/31/2022 

-- 

-- 

- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

- 

12/31/2021 

-- 

-- 

40,000 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

40,000 

Dr.
 Robert Kennedy (3) 
 
 12/31/2022 

-- 

-- 

- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

- 

12/31/2021 

-- 

-- 

40,000 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

40,000 

Bradford
 Clark (4) 
 
 12/31/2022 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

6,500 

6,500 

12/31/2021 

-- 

-- 

40,000 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

40,000 

Thomas
 Soeder (5) 
 
 12/31/2022 

-- 

-- 

- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

- 

12/31/2021 

-- 

-- 

40,000 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

40,000 

(1) 
 During
 the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company did not pay any Director s fees to its Chairman of the Board, Kyle Kennedy.
 The salaries paid to Mr. Kennedy for his services as the Company s CEO during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are
 listed under Item 11 Executive Compensation and are not listed in the Directors compensation table. 

(2) 
 During
 the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company did not pay any fees to Mr. Branscum other than those listed in the Directors 
 compensation table. 

(3) 
 During
 the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company did not pay any fees to Dr. Kennedy other than those listed in the Directors 
 compensation table. 

(4) 
 During
 the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company paid fees of 93,500 and 31,943 to Mr. Clark for business consulting and
 operations management services that were separate from his duties as a member of the Company s Board of Directors, these fees
 are not listed in the Directors compensation table. 

(5) 
 During
 the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company paid fees of 24,000 and 22,000 to a limited liability company controlled
 by Mr. Soeder for business consulting and strategic advisory services that were separate from his duties as a member of the Company s
 Board of Directors, these fees are not listed in the Directors compensation table. 

Director
Compensation 

The
Company does not have a formal compensation plan in place for its directors. 

Employment
Agreements 

None. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following tables set forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our capital stock as of the date hereof by (i) each
person whom we know to beneficially own more than five percent (5 of any class of our common stock, (ii) each of our directors, (iii)
each of the executive officers and (iv) all our directors and executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, each of the
persons listed below has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned. 

Our
total authorized capital stock consists of 9,900,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share. As of December 31, 2022,
there were 7,172,668,896 shares of our common stock outstanding. 

25 

This
table reflects shares that were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Shares of 
 Percentage of 

common stock 
 common shares 

beneficially owned 
 beneficially owned 2 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owners 1 

Kyle Kennedy - President, CEO and Chairman of the Board 3 
 35,500,000 

Charles Branscum Director 
 119,000,000 
 1.66 
 
 Dr. Robert L. Kennedy Director 
 154,690,267 
 2.16 
 
 Bradford Clark Director 
 48,443,555 

Thomas Soeder Director 
 76,784,787 
 1.07 
 
 Maximilian Thyssen - Shareholder 
 548,127,580 
 7.64 
 
 All Directors and Officers and 5 or greater holders as group (6 persons) 
 928,546,189 
 13.70 

Less
than 1 

(1) Unless
otherwise indicated, the address of each person listed below is c/o Seafarer Exploration Corp, 14497 North Dale Mabry Highway, Suite
209-N, Tampa, Florida 3618. 

(2) Percentages
are based on 7,172,668,896 shares of common stock issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022. 

(3) For
the purposes of this table, the share amounts being shown as beneficially owned by Mr. Kennedy include: 35,500,000 shares legally owned
by Credo Argentarius, LLC Credo ), an entity controlled by Mr. Kennedy s spouse. This statement shall not be construed
as an admission that Mr. Kennedy is, for the purposes of Section 13(d) or Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the beneficial
owner of any of the securities set forth in the preceding sentence. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

See
Note 9 Related Party Transactions. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Audit
Related Fees 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid 30,000 and 32,500 respectively, in fees related to services rendered by
our principal accountant for professional services rendered for the audit and review of our consolidated financial statements. 

Tax
Fees 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid 0 in fees for professional services rendered fees related to services rendered
by our principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

All
Other Fees 

The
Company did not incur any other fees related to services rendered by our principal accountant for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

26 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits 

(2) 
 Plan
 of Acquisition, Reorganization, Arrangement, Liquidation or Succession 

2.1 
 Form of Share Exchange Agreement dated June 4, 2008 by and among Organetix, Inc., Seafarer Exploration, Inc. and each of the shareholders of Seafarer Exploration incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 10, 2008. 

(3) 
 Articles
 of Incorporation and By-laws 

3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Organetix, Inc. incorporated by reference to Organetix, Inc. s Schedule 14C Definitive Information Statement filed with the Commission on May 6, 2008. 

3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation to merge Seafarer Exploration Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company into the Company with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. Pursuant to the Certificate of Amendment, the Company s Articles of Incorporation were amended to change its name from Organetix, Inc. to Seafarer Exploration Corp. dated July 17, 2008, incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 24, 2008. 

(10) 
 Material
 Contracts 

10.1 
 Agreement by and between Heartland Treasure Quest and Seafarer Exploration Corp. dated February 1, 2013, incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 14, 2014. 

10.2 
 Seafarers Quest, LLC Operating Agreement dated March 03, 2014, incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 31, 2015. 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14. Filed with this Form 10-K. 

32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed with this Form 10-K. 

101.INS 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded
 within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

27 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Seafarer
 Exploration Corp. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Kyle Kennedy 

Kyle
 Kennedy President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board 
(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting
 Officer) 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Charles Branscum 

Charles
 Branscum, Director 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert L. Kennedy 

Robert
 L. Kennedy, Director 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Thomas Soeder 

Thomas
 Soeder, Director 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Bradford Clark 

Bradford
 Clark, Director 

28 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 sfrx-ex31_1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, RULES 13A-14 AND 15D-14.

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
RULES 13a-14 AND 15d-14 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Kyle Kennedy, Chief Executive Officer and President of the registrant, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Seafarer Exploration Corp.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this Report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant, as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this Report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted account principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and to the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

/s/
 Kyle Kennedy 

Kyle
 Kennedy 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and acting Principal Accounting Officer) 
 Date: March 31, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 sfrx-ex32_1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002.

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Solely
for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002: 

I,
Kyle Kennedy, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of Seafarer Exploration Corp. (the Company ), hereby certifies, based
on my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ): 

(1) the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Kyle Kennedy 

Kyle
 Kennedy 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer and acting Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 sfrx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 sfrx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 sfrx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 sfrx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

