<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_1666291_0000950170-23-003074.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>33071549</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>958363</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3235566</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>17962711</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3434698</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6658126</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-003074.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216164047
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-003074
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		120
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001666291
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				474074900
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40993
		FILM NUMBER:		23639015

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O MACK REAL ESTATE GROUP
		STREET 2:		60 COLUMBUS CIRCLE, 20TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10023
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-484-0050

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O MACK REAL ESTATE GROUP
		STREET 2:		60 COLUMBUS CIRCLE, 20TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10023

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-003074.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 cmtg-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was billion based on the closing sales price of the Registrant s common stock on such date as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. For purposes of this computation, all officers, directors and 10 beneficial owners of the Registrant s common stock of which the Registrant is aware are deemed to be affiliates. Such determination should not be deemed to be an admission that such officers, directors or 10 beneficial owners are, in fact, affiliates of the Registrant. 
 The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of February 16, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 7 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 58 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 58 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 58 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 59 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 60 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 61 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 62 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 80 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F- 1 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 83 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 84 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 84 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 85 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 86 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 86 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 86 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 86 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 86 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 87 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 92 

2 
 
 EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 
 Except where the context suggests otherwise, the terms the Company, we, us, our and CMTG refer to Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation, individually and together with its subsidiaries as the context may require; our Manager refers to Claros REIT Management LP, a Delaware limited partnership, our external manager and an affiliate of MRECS; and MRECS refers to Mack Real Estate Credit Strategies, L.P., the CRE lending and debt investment business affiliated with Mack Real Estate Group, LLC, which we refer to as the Mack Real Estate Group or MREG. Although MRECS and MREG are distinct legal entities, for convenience, references to our Sponsor in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are deemed to include reference to MRECS and MREG, individually or collectively, as appropriate for the context and unless otherwise indicated. References to CRE throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K means commercial real estate. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 We make forward-looking statements in this annual report that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. When we use the words believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, plan, continue, intend, should, may or similar expressions, we intend to identify forward-looking statements. Statements regarding the following subjects, among others, may be forward-looking: 
 our business and investment strategy; 

changes in interest rates and their impact on our borrowers and on the availability and cost of our financing; 

our projected operating results; 

the timing of cash flows, if any, from our investments; 

the state of the U.S. and global economy generally or in specific geographic regions; 

the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or other public health emergencies; 

reduced demand for office, multifamily or retail space, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and/or hybrid work schedules which allow work from remote locations other than the employer s office premises; 

defaults by borrowers in paying debt service on outstanding loans; 

governmental actions and initiatives and changes to government policies; 

the amount of commercial mortgage loans requiring refinancing; 

our ability to obtain financing arrangements on attractive terms, or at all; 

current and prospective financing costs and advance rates for our target assets; 

our expected leverage; 

general volatility of the markets in which we may invest; 

the impact of a protracted decline in the liquidity of credit markets on our business; 

the uncertainty surrounding the strength of the global economy; 

the return on or impact of current and future investments, including our loan portfolio and real estate owned investment; 

allocation of investment opportunities to us by our Manager and our Sponsor; 

changes in the market value of our investments; 

effects of hedging instruments on our target assets; 

3 
 
 rates of default or decreased recovery rates on our target assets and related impairment charges, including as it relates to our real estate owned investment; 

the degree to which our hedging strategies may or may not protect us from interest rate volatility; 

changes in governmental regulations, tax law and rates, and similar matters (including interpretation thereof); 

our ability to maintain our qualification as a real estate investment trust REIT 

our ability to maintain our exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act; 

availability and attractiveness of investment opportunities we are able to originate in our target assets; 

the ability of our Manager to locate suitable investments for us, monitor, service and administer our investments and execute our investment strategy; 

availability of qualified personnel from our Sponsor and its affiliates, including our Manager; 

estimates relating to our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders in the future; 

our understanding of our competition; 

impact of increased competition on projected returns; and 

market trends in our industry, interest rates, real estate values, the debt markets generally, the CRE debt market or the general economy. 

The forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account all information currently available to us. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. These beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to us. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors of this filing. If a change occurs, our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects may vary materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made. New risks and uncertainties arise over time, and it is not possible for us to predict those events or how they may affect us. Except as required by law, we are not obligated to, and do not intend to, update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 SUMMARY OF MATERIAL RISKS 
 There are a number of risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Such risks, uncertainties and other important factors include, among others, the risks, uncertainties and factors set forth under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 Loans on properties in transition often involve a greater risk of loss than loans on stabilized properties, including the risk of cost overruns on and noncompletion of the construction or renovation of or other capital improvements to the properties underlying the loans we originate or acquire, and the risk that a borrower may fail to execute the business plan underwritten by us, potentially making it unable to refinance our loan at maturity, each of which could materially and adversely affect us. 

Difficult conditions in the commercial mortgage and real estate market, the capital markets and the economy generally, as a result of rising interest rates, general inflationary pressures and other factors, could make it difficult for our borrowers to satisfy their repayment obligations and may materially and adversely affect us. 

We operate in a competitive market for the origination and acquisition of attractive investment opportunities and competition may limit our ability to originate or acquire attractive risk-adjusted investments in our target assets, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 

4 
 
 Our investments are and may be concentrated in certain markets, property types and borrowers, among other factors, and will be subject to risk of default. 

The lack of liquidity in certain of the assets in our portfolio and our target assets generally may materially and adversely affect us. 

In the event of borrower distress or a default, we may lack the liquidity necessary to protect our investment or avoid a corresponding default on any obligations we may have in connection with our own financing. 

We may be unable to refinance debt incurred to finance our loans, thereby increasing the amount of equity capital risk we bear with respect to particular loans or preventing us from deploying our equity capital in the optimal manner. 

As a result of our real estate owned investment, we are subject to the risks commonly associated with real estate owned holdings, including risks related to ownership of hotel properties in New York, New York which differ from the risks associated with lending. 

Investments in subordinated mortgage interests, mezzanine loans and other assets that are subordinated or otherwise junior in a borrower s capital structure may expose us to greater risk of loss. 

CRE-related investments that are secured, directly or indirectly, by CRE are subject to potential delinquency, foreclosure and loss, which could materially and adversely affect us. 

We have a significant amount of debt outstanding, and may incur a significant amount of additional debt in the future, which subjects us to increased risk of loss, which could materially and adversely affect us. 

We depend or may depend on bank credit agreements and facilities, repurchase facilities and structured financing arrangements, public and private debt issuances and derivative instruments, in addition to transaction- or asset- specific financing arrangements and other sources of financing to execute our business plan, and our inability to access financing on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on us. 

Fluctuations in interest rates and credit spreads could increase our financing costs and/or reduce our ability to generate income on our investments, which could lead to a significant decrease in our results of operations, cash flows and the value of our investments or the underlying collateral and may limit our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 

The planned discontinuance of LIBOR has affected and will continue to affect financial markets generally, and may adversely affect our interest income, interest expense, or both. 

Our investment strategy, our investment guidelines, our target assets and our financing strategy may be changed without stockholder consent. 

Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations or those of our competitors, or changes in the interpretation thereof, or newly enacted laws or regulations, could result in increased competition for our target assets, require changes to our business practices and collectively could adversely impact our revenues and impose additional costs on us, which could materially and adversely affect us. 

Our future success depends on our Manager and its access to the key personnel and investment professionals of our Sponsor and its affiliates. 

The personnel providing services to our Manager are not required to dedicate a specific portion of their time to the management of our business. 

We may compete with other investment vehicles managed by our Sponsor or its affiliates, including our Manager, or have other conflicts of interest with our Sponsor or its affiliates, including our Manager, which may result in decisions that are not in the best interests of our stockholders. 

The structure of our Manager s fees may not create effective incentives and may cause our Manager to make riskier investments. 

Termination of the Management Agreement would be costly. 

5 
 
 We have not established a minimum dividend payment level, and we may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows from our operations to pay dividends to our stockholders at any time in the future at a particular level, or at all, which could materially and adversely affect us. 

Failure to maintain our qualification as a REIT would materially and adversely affect us and the market price of our common stock. 

Complying with REIT requirements may force us to liquidate, restructure or forego otherwise attractive investments. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has had an adverse effect on us and may have a material adverse effect on us in the future and any other pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease in the markets in which we operate may have a material adverse effect on us in the future. 

6 
 
 PART I 
 Item 1. B usiness. 
 Our Company 
 We are a CRE finance company focused primarily on originating senior and subordinate loans on transitional CRE assets located in major U.S. markets, including mortgage loans secured by a first priority or subordinate mortgage on transitional CRE assets, and subordinate loans including mezzanine loans secured by a pledge of equity ownership interests in the direct or indirect property owner rather than directly in the underlying commercial properties. These loans are subordinate to a mortgage loan but senior to the property owner s equity ownership interests. Transitional CRE assets are properties that require repositioning, renovation, rehabilitation, leasing, development or redevelopment or other value-added elements in order to maximize value. We believe our Sponsor s real estate development, ownership and operations experience and infrastructure differentiates us in lending on these transitional CRE assets. Our objective is to be a premier provider of debt capital for transitional CRE assets and, in doing so, to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders over time, primarily through dividends. We strive to create a diversified investment portfolio of CRE loans that we generally intend to hold to maturity. We focus primarily on originating loans ranging from 50 million to 300 million on transitional CRE assets located in major U.S. markets with attractive fundamental characteristics supported by macroeconomic tailwinds. 
 We were organized as a Maryland corporation on April 29, 2015 and commenced operations on August 25, 2015, and our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, under the symbol CMTG . We have elected and believe we have qualified to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2015. We are externally managed and advised by our Manager, an investment adviser registered with the SEC pursuant to the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, (the Advisers Act ). We operate our business in a manner that permits us to maintain our exclusion from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). 
 Our principal executive offices are located at c/o Mack Real Estate Credit Strategies, L.P., 60 Columbus Circle, 20th Floor, New York, New York 10023. Our website is www.clarosmortgage.com . The information found on, or otherwise accessible through, our website is not incorporated by reference into, nor does it form a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our Manager and Our Sponsor 
 We are externally managed by our Manager, an affiliate of MRECS, which was founded in 2014 to focus on CRE credit investments as a core business affiliated with the broader MREG platform. Our Sponsor owns, develops, invests in and manages real estate equity, debt and securities on behalf of third party institutional and high net worth investors, and the members of our Sponsor s senior management team have, on average, more than 25 years of real estate and finance experience. We leverage our Sponsor s platform to originate, underwrite, structure and asset manage a portfolio of loan assets that align with our differentiated investment strategy. In particular, we believe that MREG s experience and infrastructure in the areas of real estate ownership, development and property management strengthens our ability to lend on transitional CRE assets which involve a level of borrower execution risk that traditional lenders and other debt market participants without our expertise may be unable or unwilling to adequately underwrite. 
 In performing its duties to us, our Manager benefits from the resources, relationships, fundamental real estate underwriting and management expertise of our Sponsor s broad group of real estate professionals. Our Manager is led by Richard Mack, Michael McGillis, Kevin Cullinan, Priyanka Garg, Jai Agarwal and other members of our Sponsor s senior management team. Pursuant to a management agreement between our Manager and us (the Management Agreement ), our Manager is responsible for executing our loan origination, capital markets, portfolio management, asset management and monitoring activities and managing our day to day operations. To perform its role in a flexible and efficient manner, our Manager leverages professionals employed by our Sponsor whose services are made available to our Manager and, in turn, to us. We believe our Manager benefits from access to individuals with extensive experience in identifying, analyzing, acquiring, financing, hedging, managing and operating real estate investments across investment cycles, geographies, property types, investment types and strategies, including debt and equity interests, controlling and non controlling investments, corporate and securities investments (including CMBS) and a variety of joint ventures. We believe that this experience of our Sponsor and its affiliates enables our Manager to 
 7 
 
 underwrite, originate and manage loans that facilitate the successful transition of CRE assets, with an appropriate level of execution risk and, in its judgment, relatively limited basis risk. Neither we nor our Manager employs personnel directly. In performing its duties to us, our Manager is at all times subject to the supervision, direction and management of our board of directors. 
 Our Investment Strategy 
 We seek primarily to originate, co-originate and acquire senior and subordinate loans on transitional CRE assets located in major U.S. markets and generally intend to hold our loans to maturity. In addition to our primary focus on major U.S. markets, we are also seeking to originate senior and subordinate loans on transitional CRE assets located in other markets that we be believe demonstrate favorable demographic trends as a result of, among other factors, de urbanization, migration to states with lower tax rates, and perceived higher quality of life. We believe that our investment strategy currently provides significant opportunities for us to generate attractive risk adjusted returns over time for our stockholders. However, to capitalize on the investment opportunities at different points in the economic and real estate investment cycle, we may modify or expand our investment strategy without our stockholders consent. We believe that the flexibility of our strategy supported by our Sponsor s significant CRE experience and its extensive resources will allow us to take advantage of changing market conditions to maximize total returns for our stockholders. 
 Our financing strategy and investment process are discussed in more detail in Our Financing Strategy and Investment Guidelines below. 
 Our Target Assets 
 We originate, co originate and acquire senior and subordinate loans on transitional CRE assets located primarily in major U.S. markets. Together, we refer to the following types of investments as our target assets: 
 Senior Loans: We focus primarily on originating senior loans on transitional CRE assets, including: 
 Mortgage Loans . Mortgage loans secured by a first priority or subordinate mortgage on transitional CRE assets. These loans are non amortizing, require a balloon payment of principal at maturity (and in some cases, earlier pay downs in the case of loans that provide for partial releases of collateral upon the occurrence of specified events, such as the sale of condominium units) and are typically structured to be floating rate. Some of our loan commitments include a mixture of up front and future funding obligations, with future fundings subject to the borrower achieving conditions precedent specified in the loan documents, such as meeting certain construction milestones and leasing thresholds. 
 Participations in Mortgage Loans. Participations in the mortgage loans we co originate or acquire, for which other participations have been or are expected to be syndicated to other investors. 
 Subordinate Loans : We also invest in mezzanine loans, which are primarily originated or co originated by us, and are usually secured by a pledge of equity ownership interests in the direct or indirect property owner rather than directly by the underlying commercial properties. These loans are subordinate to a mortgage loan but senior to the property owner s equity ownership interests. These loans may be tranched into senior and junior mezzanine loans. Rights under these loans are generally governed by intercreditor agreements which typically include the right to cure defaults under senior loans. Subordinate loans may also include subordinated mortgage interests, which are mortgage loan interests that are subordinate to senior mortgage loans but senior to the property owner s equity interests. 
 8 
 
 The allocation of our capital among our target assets will depend on prevailing market conditions at the time we invest and may change over time in response to changes in prevailing market conditions, including with respect to interest rates and general economic and credit market conditions as well as local economic conditions in markets where we are active. In addition, in the future we may invest in assets other than our target assets, in each case subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and our exclusion from registration under 1940 Act. 
 Our Portfolio 
 We began operations in August 2015 and, as of December 31, 2022, had a 7.4 billion diversified loan portfolio, based on carrying value, of senior and subordinate loans. We believe our current loan portfolio, comprised of loans that we view as representative of our target assets and investment philosophy, validates our ability to execute on our investment strategy, including lending to experienced and well capitalized sponsors against high quality transitional CRE assets primarily in major U.S. markets with attractive fundamental characteristics supported by macroeconomic tailwinds. 
 The below table summarizes our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022 in thousands): 

Weighted Average (3) 

Number of Loans 

Loan Commitment (1) 

Carrying Value (2) 

Yield to Maturity (4) 

Term to Fully Extended Maturity (in years) (5) 

LTV (6) 

Senior and subordinate loans 

77 

9,433,951 

7,428,774 

8.6 

3.2 

68.2 

(1) Loan commitment represents principal outstanding plus remaining unfunded loan commitments. 

(2) Net of specific CECL reserve of 60.3 million. 

(3) Weighted averages are based on unpaid principal balance. 

(4) All-in yield represents the weighted average annualized yield to initial maturity of each loan, inclusive of coupon, and fees received, based on the applicable floating benchmark rate/floors (if applicable), in place as of December 31, 2022. For loans placed on non-accrual, the annualized yield to initial maturity used in calculating the weighted average annualized yield to initial maturity is 0 . 

(5) Fully extended maturity assumes all extension options are exercised by the borrower upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions. 

(6) LTV represents loan-to-value or loan-to-cost , which is calculated as our total loan commitment from time to time, as if fully funded, plus any financings that are pari passu with or senior to our loan, divided by our estimate of either (1) the value of the underlying real estate, determined in accordance with our underwriting process (typically consistent with, if not less than, the value set forth in a third-party appraisal) or (2) the borrower s projected, fully funded cost basis in the asset, in each case as we deem appropriate for the relevant loan and other loans with similar characteristics. Underwritten values and projected costs should not be assumed to reflect our judgment of current market values or project costs, which may have changed materially since the date of origination. LTV is updated only in connection with a partial loan paydown and/or release of collateral, material changes to expected project costs, the receipt of a new appraisal (typically in connection with financing or refinancing activity) or a change in our loan commitment. Totals represent weighted average based on loan commitment, including non-consolidated senior interests and pari passu interests. Loans with specific CECL reserves are reflected as 100 LTV. 

In February 2021, we foreclosed on a portfolio of seven limited-service hotel properties located in New York, New York that secured a mezzanine loan with an unpaid principal balance of 103.9 million as of February 8, 2021 that we originated in February 2018. Neither the prior mezzanine loan nor the portfolio of hotel properties is included in the table above. Our real estate owned investment at the time of foreclosure was encumbered by a securitized senior mortgage, which we assumed on February 8, 2021 with a principal balance of 300.0 million. On June 2, 2021, the terms of the securitized senior mortgage were modified, which included the repayment of 10.0 million of principal and extension of its maturity date by an additional three years to February 9, 2024, among other items. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of our debt related to real estate owned was 290.0 million. 
 9 
 
 The following charts illustrate the diversification of our loan portfolio based on location and underlying property type, excluding our real estate owned investment, as of December 31, 2022, based on carrying value: 

For additional information about our loan portfolio, refer to Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations II. Our Portfolio in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our Financing Strategy 
 We use diverse financing sources as part of a disciplined financing strategy. To date, we have financed our business through a combination of common stock issuances, repurchase facilities, asset-specific financing structures, borrowings under our 755.1 million secured term loan (the Secured Term Loan as of December 31, 2022, and borrowings under our term participation facility (the Term Participation Facility ). The amount and type of leverage we may employ for particular loans will depend on our Manager s assessment of such loan s characteristics, including the level of in place, if any, and projected stabilized operating cash flow, credit quality, liquidity, price volatility and other risks of the underlying collateral as well as the availability and attractiveness of particular types of financing at the relevant time. We seek to minimize the risks associated with recourse borrowings and generally seek fund our investments on a match-term and reference rate matched basis by minimizing the differences between the durations and indices of our investments and those of our liabilities, respectively, including in certain cases the potential use of derivatives; however, under certain circumstances, we may determine not to do so or we may otherwise be unable to do so. We also seek to diversify our financing counterparties. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 6.0 billion of capacity under our repurchase facilities and term participation facility, of which 4.2 billion was drawn. The weighted average remaining term to fully extended maturity of our outstanding borrowings (assuming we exercise all extension options and our counterparty agrees to such extension options), was 3.5 years based on unpaid principal balance as of December 31, 2022. We currently have master repurchase agreements with six counterparties. 
 We also utilize multiple asset-specific financing structures, with certain terms that are typically matched to the underlying loan asset. As of December 31, 2022, we had total capacity and unpaid principal balance of 760.2 million and 418.9 million, respectively, related to asset specific financing structures. The asset specific financing structures we utilize include notes payable arrangements and syndications of senior participations in the whole loans we originate. 
 Under certain circumstances, we utilize asset specific financing structures that are considered non consolidated senior interests, and therefore not reflected on our balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, we had 
 10 
 
 1.0 billion of non consolidated senior interests. Such financing structures typically arise as a result of a subordinate, or mezzanine, loan held by us, and a first mortgage loan held by a third party. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had amounts outstanding under our Secured Term Loan totaling 755.1 million. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of our debt related to real estate owned was 290.0 million. 
 In addition to these types of financings, we may also use other forms of leverage, such as secured and unsecured credit facilities, structured financings such as CMBS and CLOs, derivative instruments and public and private secured and unsecured debt issuances by us or our subsidiaries, as well as issuances of public and private equity and equity-related securities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our net debt to equity ratio was 2.2x. As of December 31, 2022, our total leverage ratio was 2.6x, and we expect that, going forward, our Total Leverage Ratio will range from 2.5x and 3.0x. 
 Investment Guidelines 
 Our Board has established the following investment guidelines: 
 No investment will be made that would cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 

No investment will be made that would require us to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act; 

Prior to the deployment of capital into investments, our Manager may cause our capital to be invested in any interest bearing short term investments, including money market funds, bank accounts, overnight repurchase agreements with primary federal reserve bank dealers collateralized by direct U.S. government obligations and other instruments or investments reasonably determined by our Manager to be of high quality. Our investment guidelines may be changed from time to time by our Board without our stockholders consent. 
 Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and our exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act, we typically seek to originate or acquire loans with initial terms of between two and four years. We intend to hold our loans to maturity. However, in order to maximize returns and manage portfolio risk while remaining opportunistic, we may dispose of loans earlier than anticipated. Additionally, our intention is that no more than 25 of our book value will be attributed to investments located outside of the U.S. To date, we have only invested in the U.S. 
 Operating and Regulatory Structure 
 REIT Qualification 
 We have elected and believe we have qualified to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2015. We believe that we have been organized and have operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and that our intended manner of operation will enable us to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT. To qualify as a REIT, we must meet on a continuing basis, through our organization and actual investment and operating results, various requirements under the Code relating to, among other things, the sources of our gross income, the composition and values of our assets, our dividend levels and the diversity of ownership of shares of our stock. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year and do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates and may be precluded from qualifying as a REIT for the subsequent four taxable years following the year during which we failed to qualify as a REIT. Even if we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to some U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income or property. For more information regarding our election to qualify as a REIT, please see Item 1A. Risk Factors U.S. Federal Income Tax Risks. 
 11 
 
 Competition 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to originate, acquire or manage assets at favorable spreads over our borrowing costs. In originating, acquiring and managing our target assets, we compete with other REITs, specialty finance companies, savings and loan associations, banks, mortgage bankers, insurance companies, mutual funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms, financial institutions, governmental bodies and other entities. In addition, there are numerous REITs and non-banking commercial lending platforms with similar asset origination, acquisition and management objectives and others may be organized in the future. These lenders will increase competition for the available supply of CRE debt on transitional assets suitable for purchase, origination and management. Many of our anticipated competitors are significantly larger than we are and have considerably greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do. Some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to financing sources that are not available to us, such as the U.S. Government and the FHLB system. Many of our competitors are not subject to the operating constraints associated with REIT tax compliance or maintenance of an exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Current market conditions, as well as changing marketing conditions from time to time, may attract more competitors, which may increase the supply of financing sources, which could adversely affect the volume and cost of our loans, and thereby adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In the face of this competition, we have access to our Manager s and our Sponsor s professionals and their industry expertise, which may provide us with a competitive advantage and help us assess investment risks and determine appropriate terms for certain potential investments. We believe these relationships enable us to compete more effectively for attractive investment opportunities. However, we may not be able to achieve our business goals or expectations due to the competitive risks that we face. For additional information concerning these competitive risks, refer to Item 1A: Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Investments We operate in a competitive market for the origination and acquisition of attractive investment opportunities and competition may limit our ability to originate or acquire attractive risk adjusted investments in our target assets, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Staffing 
 We are externally managed and advised by our Manager pursuant to the Management Agreement between our Manager and us. Our executive officers also serve as officers of our Sponsor. Our Manager has ongoing access to our Sponsor s senior management team as part of the services agreement between MRECS and our Manager. We and our Manager do not have any employees. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we and our Manager are or may become party to legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of our respective businesses. Neither we nor our Manager is currently subject to any legal proceedings that we or our Manager consider reasonably likely to have a material impact on our respective financial conditions. 
 Website Access to Reports 
 We maintain a website at www.clarosmortgage.com. We are providing the address to our website solely for the information of investors. The information on our website is not a part of, nor is it incorporated by reference into this report. Through our website, we make available, free of charge, our annual proxy statement, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(e) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish them to, the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains these reports at www.sec.gov. 
 Item 1A. Ri sk Factors. 
 Set forth below are some (but not all) of the risk factors that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects and our ability to service our debt and pay dividends to our stockholders (which we refer to collectively as materially and adversely affecting us or having a material adverse 
 12 
 
 effect on us, and comparable phrases) and the market price of our common stock. Some statements in this report, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section entitled Forward-Looking Statements. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Investments 
 
 Loans on properties in transition often involve a greater risk of loss than loans on stabilized properties, including the risk of cost overruns on and noncompletion of the construction or renovation of or other capital improvements to the properties underlying the loans we originate or acquire, and the risk that a borrower may fail to execute the business plan underwritten by us, potentially making it unable to refinance our loan at maturity, each of which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 We originate and acquire loans on transitional CRE properties to borrowers who are typically seeking capital for repositioning, renovation, rehabilitation, leasing, development, redevelopment or construction. The typical borrower under a loan on a transitional asset has usually identified an undervalued asset that has been under-managed and/or is located in an improving market. If the market in which the asset is located fails to materialize according to the borrower s projections, or if the borrower fails to improve the quality of the asset s management and/or the value of the asset, or if it costs the borrower more than estimated or takes longer to execute its business plan than estimated, including as a result of supply chain disruptions, the borrower may not receive a sufficient return on the asset to satisfy our loan or may experience a prolonged reduction of net operating income and may not be able to make payments on our loan on a timely basis or at all, which could materially and adversely affect us. Other risks may include: environmental risks, delays in legal and other approvals e.g. , certificates of occupancy), other construction and renovation risks and subsequent leasing of the property not being completed on schedule. Accordingly, we bear the risk that we may not recover some or all of our loan unpaid principal balance and interest thereon. 
 
 Furthermore, borrowers usually use the proceeds of permanent financing to repay a loan on a transitional property after the CRE property is stabilized. Loans on transitional CRE properties are therefore subject to risks of a borrower s inability to obtain permanent financing to repay our loan. Our loans are also subject to risks of borrower defaults, bankruptcies, fraud and losses. In the event of any default under our loans, we bear the risk of loss of principal and non-payment of interest and fees to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the underlying asset and the principal amount and unpaid interest and fees of our loan. To the extent we suffer losses with respect to our loans, it could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Difficult conditions in the commercial mortgage and real estate market, the capital markets and the economy generally, as a result of rising interest rates, general inflationary pressures and other factors, could make it difficult for our borrowers to satisfy their repayment obligations and may materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 We could be materially and adversely affected by conditions in the commercial mortgage and real estate markets, the capital markets and the economy generally. A deterioration of economic and real estate fundamentals generally and of local market conditions where our real estate collateral is located, have in the past negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively impact, our performance, the business prospects of our borrowers or the value of our real estate collateral. Market fluctuations or a general decline in real estate values or business prospects may also induce borrowers to voluntarily or involuntarily default on their loans and make it relatively more difficult for us to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns. Other factors beyond our control, such as changes in interest rates government regulations (such as rent control), changes in real property tax rates and operating expenses, changes in the general availability of debt financing (which may render the sale or refinancing of properties difficult or impracticable) may likewise have a material and adverse effect on our business. In particular, rising interest rates could cause our borrowers to become unwilling or unable to make payments on their loans, increasing default risk and making it more difficult for us to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns. 
 
 Because our investments are susceptible to general economic slowdowns or recessions, these kinds of changes in market conditions could lead to financial losses in our investments and a decrease in revenues, net income and assets. We may realize losses related to foreclosures or to the restructuring of the loans in our investment portfolio on terms that may be more favorable to borrowers than those underwritten at origination. Unfavorable economic conditions also could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by 
 13 
 
 lenders not to extend credit to us. These events could prevent us from increasing investments and harm our operating results. 
 
 In addition, rising interest rates generally reduce the economic feasibility of and therefore the demand for transitional CRE loans due to the higher cost of borrowing. A reduction in the volume of CRE loans originated may affect the volume of certain target assets available to us, which could adversely affect our ability to acquire target assets that satisfy our investment objectives. If rising interest rates cause us to be unable to originate or acquire a sufficient volume of our target assets with a yield that is above our borrowing cost, our ability to satisfy our investment objectives to generate income and pay dividends may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We cannot predict the degree to which economic conditions generally, and the conditions for real estate debt investing in particular, will improve or decline. Any stagnation in or deterioration of the commercial mortgage or real estate markets may limit our ability to acquire our target assets on attractive terms or cause us to experience losses related to our assets, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 We operate in a competitive market for the origination and acquisition of attractive investment opportunities and competition may limit our ability to originate or acquire attractive risk-adjusted investments in our target assets, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We operate in a competitive market for the origination and acquisition of attractive risk-adjusted investment opportunities. A number of entities compete with us to make the types of investments that we originate or acquire. Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to originate or acquire our target assets on attractive terms. In originating our target assets, we compete with a variety of institutional lenders and investors, including other commercial mortgage REITs, specialty finance companies, public and private funds (including funds that our Manager or its affiliates may in the future sponsor, advise and/or manage), commercial and investment banks, commercial finance and insurance companies and other financial institutions. A number of entities have raised, or are expected to raise, significant amounts of capital pursuing strategies similar to ours, which may create additional competition for investment opportunities. Many of our competitors are significantly larger than we are and have considerably greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do. Some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to financing sources that are not available to us. Many of our competitors are not subject to the operating constraints associated with REITs or maintenance of our exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments, deploy more aggressive pricing or financing strategies and establish more relationships than us. Increased competition in our markets could result in a decrease in origination volumes, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. Furthermore, competition for investments in our target assets may lead to the price of these assets increasing or return on investment declining, which may further limit our ability to generate desired returns. Also, as a result of this competition, desirable investments in our target assets may be limited in the future, and we may not be able to take advantage of attractive risk-adjusted investment opportunities from time to time. In addition, reduced CRE transaction volume could increase competition for available investment opportunities. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to continue to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objectives, or that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Furthermore, changes in the financial regulatory regime could decrease the current restrictions on banks and other financial institutions and allow them to compete for opportunities that were previously not available to them, or subject to significant capital requirements. See Risks Related to Our Company Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations or those of our competitors, or changes in the interpretation thereof, or newly enacted laws or regulations, could result in increased competition for our target assets, require changes to our business practices and collectively could adversely impact our revenues and impose additional costs on us, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Our investments are and may be concentrated in certain markets, property types and borrowers, among other factors, and will be subject to risk of default. 
 While we intend to diversify our loan portfolio of investments in the manner described in this report, we are not required to observe specific diversification criteria, and we have criteria outlined in our investment guidelines that can 
 14 
 
 only be changed with approval of our Board. Therefore, our portfolio of target assets is and may be concentrated in certain property types that are subject to higher risk of achieving their stated business plans or other concentration risk, or supported by properties concentrated in a limited number of geographic locations. For example, as of December 31, 2022, our real estate owned investment consisted of seven limited service hotel properties in New York, New York and 23 of our loans are secured by CRE assets (or equity interests relating thereto) located in the New York metropolitan area. Further, as of December 31, 2022, 41 of our loan investments were secured by multi-family properties (or equity interests relating thereto), 20 of our loan investments were secured by hospitality properties (or equity interests relating thereto), 15 of our loan investments were secured by office properties (or equity interests relating thereto), 6 of our loan investments were secured by for sale condominium properties (or equity interests relating thereto), 8 of our loan investments were secured by mixed-use properties (or equity interests relating thereto), 6 of our loan investments were secured by land properties (or equity interests relating thereto), 31 of our loan investments were construction loans (based on loan commitment), and our 15 largest loan investments represented 45 of our loan portfolio, in each case based on carrying value. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 4 investments with a carrying value of 357.3 million, or 4.8 of our portfolio were on non-accrual status. 
 The lack of liquidity in certain of the assets in our portfolio and our target assets generally may materially and adversely affect us. 
 The assets in our portfolio are relatively illiquid investments due to their short life, lack of (or limited) cash flow from property that is collateral for those loans, their potential unsuitability for securitization and the greater difficulty of recovery in the event of a borrower s default. In addition, certain of our investments may become less liquid after our investment as a result of periods of delinquencies or defaults or turbulent market conditions. For example, there is an inverse relationship between credit spreads and the value of our existing assets such that widening in credit spreads diminishes the value of existing assets. The illiquidity of the assets in our portfolio and our target assets may make it more difficult for us to dispose of these assets in the event that we no longer intend to hold them until maturity or in the event of a defaulted loan, as the case may be, at advantageous times or in a timely manner. As a result, we expect many of our investments will be illiquid. If we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than an asset s carrying value. As a result, our ability to strengthen our portfolio composition in response to changes in economic and other conditions may be relatively limited, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 In the event of borrower distress or a default, we may lack the liquidity necessary to protect our investment or avoid a corresponding default on any obligations we may have in connection with our own financing. 
 In the event of borrower distress or a default, we may lack the liquidity necessary to protect our investment or avoid a corresponding default on any obligations we may have in connection with our own financing specifically related to, or otherwise impacted by, such investment. In the event of a default by a borrower on a non-recourse loan, we generally will have recourse only to the underlying asset (including any escrowed funds and reserves) collateralizing that loan, except to the extent of any creditwort hy guarantees as discussed in Risks Related to Our Investments Most of the CRE loans that we originate or acquire are non-recourse loans and the assets securing these loans may not be sufficient to protect us from a partial or complete loss if the borrower defaults on the loan, which could materially and adversely affect us. In addition, declines in real estate values may induce mortgagors to voluntarily default on their loans, increasing the risk of foreclosure and loss of capital. If the underlying property collateralizing the loan is insufficient to satisfy the outstanding balance of such loan, after expenses incurred in connection with enforcing our rights, we may suffer a loss of principal or interest that adversely affects our liquidity and our ability to service or repay our own leverage. Real estate investments generally lack liquidity compared to other financial assets, and the increased lack of liquidity resulting from a borrower distress or a default may limit our ability to quickly stabilize or strengthen our portfolio or take other necessary actions to avoid a corresponding default on our financing. 
 15 
 
 We may be unable to refinance debt incurred to finance our loans, thereby increasing the amount of equity capital risk we bear with respect to particular loans or preventing us from deploying our equity capital in the optimal manner. 
 We may be unable to refinance our investments in our loans, thereby increasing the amount of equity capital risk we bear with respect to particular loans or preventing us from deploying our equity capital in the optimal manner. If we are unable to refinance such debt at appropriate times, we may be required to sell assets at a loss or on terms that are not advantageous to us or take action that could result in other negative consequences. We may only be able to partly refinance such debt if underwriting standards, including loan-to-value ratios and yield requirements, among other requirements, are stricter than when we originally financed our loans. Additionally, as a result of economic headwinds, certain of our borrowers may request term extensions, and we may not be able to obtain corresponding match-term financing or in certain cases obtain required approvals from our financing counterparties. Obtaining such approvals has required in the past and may require in the future reduction of advance rates on financing, increased borrowing costs or a combination thereof, which could have an adverse impact on our returns on equity and reduce our liquidity. If any of these events occur, our cash flows would be reduced, preventing us from deploying our equity capital in an optimal manner. If we are unable to refinance debt incurred to finance our loans, we also may have to forego other investment opportunities that require equity and our liquidity may be diminished. 
 As a result of our real estate owned investment, we are subject to the risks commonly associated with real estate owned holdings, including risks related to ownership of hotel properties in New York, New York, which differ from the risks associated with lending. 
 Borrowers under our loans may not have sufficient financial resources to satisfy their payment obligations to us, and we could be required to take ownership of the assets underlying a particular loan in lieu of full repayment of the principal amount and accrued interest on the loan. For example, in February 2021, we foreclosed on a portfolio of seven limited service hotel properties located in New York, New York that secured a mezzanine loan with a then unpaid principal balance of 103.9 million. Our real estate owned investment at the time of foreclosure was encumbered by a securitized senior mortgage, which certain subsidiaries assumed on February 8, 2021 with a principal balance of 300.0 million. As such, we are subject to the risks commonly associated with real estate owned holdings, including risks related to ownership of hotel properties in New York, New York, which include changes in general or local economic conditions, changes in supply of or demand for similar or competing properties in an area, changes in interest rates and availability and terms of permanent mortgage financing that may render the sale of a property difficult or unattractive, political instability or changes in prevailing policies, decreases in property values, changes in tax, real estate, environmental and zoning laws and the risk of uninsured or underinsured casualty loss. Further, our equity interest in our current, or any future, real estate owned investment is subordinate to any indebtedness secured by such property. To the extent that we decide or are required to take ownership of one or more additional properties, these risks will be heightened. Real estate owned investments are illiquid investments and we may be unable to adjust our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions. In addition, the real estate market is affected by many factors, such as general economic conditions, availability of financing, interest rates and other factors, including supply and demand, that are beyond our control. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any real estate owned investment for the price or on the terms set by us, or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to us. We cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of a real estate owned investment. We may acquire properties that are subject to contractual lock-out provisions that could restrict our ability to dispose of the real estate owned investment for a period of time. In addition, U.S. federal tax laws that impose a 100 excise tax on gains from sales of dealer property by a REIT (generally, property held for sale, rather than investment) could limit our ability to sell properties and may affect our ability to sell properties without adversely affecting returns to our stockholders. These characteristics and restrictions could result in losses that would adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, potentially materially. 
 We may also be required to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a real estate owned investment can be sold. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience increased operating costs and taxes in connection with our real estate owned investment, including costs related to owning the real estate owned investment in a taxable REIT subsidiary TRS ). If the real estate owned investment is owned by our TRS, income from the investment generally will be subject to corporate income tax. We cannot assure stockholders that we will have funds available to correct such defects, to make such improvements or to pay these operating costs. In acquiring 
 16 
 
 a real estate owned investment, we may agree or otherwise become subject to restrictions that prohibit the sale of that real estate owned investment for a period of time or impose other restrictions, such as a limitation on the amount of debt that can be placed or repaid on that real estate owned investment. These risks vary from the risks associated with lending and could materially and adversely affect us. 
 We generally determine the LTV for a loan in our portfolio prior to, or at the time of, our origination or acquisition of the loan and such LTVs may change significantly and in an adverse manner thereafter due to various circumstances. 
 We calculate the LTV for a loan in our portfolio as our total loan commitment from time to time, as if fully funded, plus any financings that are pari passu with or senior to our loan, divided by our estimate of either (1) the value of the underlying real estate, determined in accordance with our underwriting process (typically consistent with, if not less than, the value set forth in a third-party appraisal) or (2) the borrower s projected, fully funded cost basis in the asset, in each case as we deem appropriate for the relevant loan and other loans with similar characteristics. Underwritten values and projected costs should not be assumed to reflect our judgment of current market values or project costs, which may have changed materially since the date of origination. LTV is updated only in connection with a partial loan paydown and/or release of collateral, material changes to expected project costs, the receipt of a new appraisal (typically in connection with financing or refinancing activity) or a change in our loan commitment. Because the LTV is determined as of the date of origination, the LTVs for our loans generally do not take into account post-origination changes in our borrowers business operations or creditworthiness, or in the value of our underlying real estate collateral, as a result of changing economic conditions or otherwise. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the LTV of our portfolio that we present in this report (i.e., our portfolio weighted average LTV of 68.2 as of December 31, 2022) is reflective of current LTV of our portfolio or the amount of subordinate value available in the event we foreclose on a loan. 
 There are increased risks involved with construction lending activities. 
 We intend to continue to originate and acquire loans which fund the construction of commercial properties. Construction lending generally is considered to involve a higher degree of risk than other types of lending due to a variety of factors, including the difficulties in estimating construction costs and anticipating construction delays and, generally, the dependency on timely, successful project completion and the lease-up or sale of units and commencement of operations post-completion of construction. In addition, since these loans generally entail greater risk than mortgage loans on income-producing property, we may need to establish or increase our current expected credit loss reserve in the future to account for the potential increase in probable incurred credit losses associated with these loans. Further, as the lender under a construction loan, we may be obligated to fund all or a significant portion of the loan at one or more future dates. We may not have the funds available at those future date(s) to meet our funding obligations under our construction loans. In that event, we would likely be in breach of the loan unless we are able to raise the funds from alternative sources, which we may not be able to achieve on favorable terms or at all. 
 If a borrower fails to complete the construction of a project or experiences cost overruns, there could be adverse consequences associated with the loan, including a loss of the value of the property underlying the loan, a borrower claim against us for failure to perform under the loan documents if we choose to stop funding, increased costs to the borrower that the borrower is unable to pay, a bankruptcy filing by the borrower, and abandonment by the borrower of the property underlying the loan. Furthermore, construction projects have faced delays, including as a result of disruptions in supply chains and cost increases associated with building materials and construction services necessary for construction, all of which can result in cost overruns to complete such projects. The failure of a borrower to complete construction, and these cost overruns or other related impacts, could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our investments in construction loans require us to make estimates about the fair value of land improvements that may be challenged by the IRS. 
 We have invested in, and may continue to invest in, construction loans, the interest from which will be qualifying income for purposes of the 75 and 95 REIT gross income tests, provided that certain requirements are met and, in the case of the 75 gross income test, the loan is treated as adequately secured by real property. There can be no assurance that the IRS would not successfully challenge our estimate of the value of the real property and our treatment 
 17 
 
 of the construction loans for purposes of the REIT income and assets tests, which may cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 Investments in subordinated mortgage interests, mezzanine loans and other assets that are subordinated or otherwise junior in a borrower s capital structure may expose us to greater risk of loss. 
 We have originated or acquired, and may from time to time in the future originate or acquire, subordinated mortgage interests, mezzanine loans and other assets that are subordinated or otherwise junior to other financing in a borrower s capital structure and that involve privately negotiated structures. To the extent we invest in subordinated debt or mezzanine tranches of a borrower s capital structure, these investments and our remedies with respect thereto, including the ability to foreclose on any collateral securing the investments, will be subject to the rights of holders of more senior tranches in the borrower s capital structure and, to the extent applicable, contractual intercreditor and/or participation agreement provisions. Significant losses related to these loans or investments could materially and adversely affect us. 
 As the terms of these investments are subject to contractual relationships among lenders, co-lending agents and others, they can vary significantly in their structural characteristics and other risks. For example, the rights of holders of subordinated mortgage interests to control the process following a borrower default may vary from transaction to transaction. Further, subordinated mortgage interests typically are secured by a single property and accordingly reflect the risks associated with significant concentration. 
 Like subordinated mortgage interests, mezzanine loans are by their nature structurally subordinated to more senior property-level financings. If a borrower defaults on our mezzanine loan or on debt senior to our loan, or if the borrower is in bankruptcy, our mezzanine loan will be satisfied only after the property-level debt and other senior debt is paid in full. As a result, a partial loss in the value of the underlying collateral can result in a total loss of the value of the mezzanine loan. In addition, even if we are able to foreclose on the underlying collateral following a default on a mezzanine loan, we would be substituted for the defaulting borrower and, to the extent income generated on the underlying property is insufficient to meet outstanding debt obligations on the property, we may need to commit substantial additional capital and/or deliver a replacement guarantee by a creditworthy entity, which could include us, to stabilize the property and prevent additional defaults to lenders with existing liens on the property. In addition, our investments in senior loans may be effectively subordinated to the extent we borrow under a warehouse line (which can be in the form of a repurchase facility) or similar facility and pledge the senior loan as collateral. Under these arrangements, the lender has a right to repayment of the borrowed amount before we can collect on the value of our loan, and therefore if the value of the pledged senior loan decreases below the amount we have borrowed, we would experience significant losses on the loan which could be material to our business. 
 Most of the CRE loans that we originate or acquire are non-recourse loans and the assets securing these loans may not be sufficient to protect us from a partial or complete loss if the borrower defaults on the loan, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Most of our CRE loans represent non-recourse obligations of the borrower, with the exception of certain limited purpose guarantees such as customary non-recourse carve-outs for certain bad acts by a borrower, environmental indemnities and, in some cases, completion guarantees, carry guarantees and limited payment guarantees. Consequently, we typically have no recourse (or very limited recourse for specified purposes) against the assets of the borrower or its sponsor other than our recourse to specified loan collateral. In the event of a borrower default under one or more of our loans, we will bear a risk of loss to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the specified collateral and the unpaid principal balance on our loan, absent recoveries to us under any applicable guarantees, which could materially and adversely affect us. In addition, we may incur substantial costs and delays in realizing the value of such collateral, including the cost of litigation to enforce remedies, which may or may not be successful, and we may be subject to lengthy court delays or other delays that are beyond our control. Further, although a loan may provide for limited recourse to a principal, parent or other affiliate of the borrower, there is no assurance that we will be able to recover our deficiency from any such party or that its assets would be sufficient to pay any otherwise recoverable claim. In the event of the bankruptcy of a borrower, the loans to that borrower will be deemed to be secured only to the extent of the value of any underlying collateral at the time of bankruptcy (as determined by the bankruptcy court), and the loan or lien securing the loan could be subject to the avoidance powers of the bankruptcy trustee or debtor-in-possession. 
 18 

We may invest in derivative instruments, which would subject us to increased risk of loss. 
 Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT, we may invest in derivative instruments. Derivative instruments, especially when purchased in large amounts, may not be liquid, so that in volatile markets we may not be able to close out a position without incurring a loss. The prices of derivative instruments, including swaps, futures, forwards and options, are highly volatile and such instruments may subject us to significant losses. The value of such derivatives also depends upon the price of the underlying instrument or commodity. Derivatives and other customized instruments also are subject to the risk of non-performance by the relevant counterparty. In addition, actual or implied daily limits on price fluctuations and speculative position limits on the exchanges or over-the-counter markets in which we may conduct our transactions in derivative instruments may prevent prompt liquidation of positions, subjecting us to the potential of greater losses. Derivative instruments that may be purchased or sold by us may include instruments not traded on an exchange. The risk of non-performance by the obligor on such an instrument may be greater and the ease with which we can dispose of or enter into closing transactions with respect to such an instrument may be lessthan in the case of an exchange-traded instrument. In addition, significant disparities may exist between bid and asked prices for derivative instruments that are traded over-the-counter and not on an exchange. Such over-thecounter derivatives are also typically not subject to the same type of investor protections or governmental regulation as exchange-traded instruments. In addition, we may invest in derivative instruments that are neither presently contemplated nor currently available, but which may be developed in the future, to the extent such opportunities are both consistent with our investment objectives and legally permissible. Any of these investments may expose us to unique and presently indeterminate risks, the impact of which may not be capable of determination until such instruments are developed and/or we determine to make such an investment. 
 We may be subject to additional risks associated with CRE loan participations. 
 Some of our CRE loans are, and may in the future be, held in the form of participation interests or co-lender arrangements in which we share the loan rights, obligations and benefits with other lenders. With respect to participation interests, we may require the consent of these parties to exercise our rights under the loans, including rights with respect to amendment of loan documentation, enforcement proceedings upon a default and the institution of, and control over, foreclosure proceedings. In circumstances where we hold a minority interest, we may become bound to actions of the majority to which we otherwise would object. We may be adversely affected by this lack of control with respect to these interests. 
 U.S. and global financial systems have undergone significant disruption, and such disruption may negatively impact our ability to execute our investment strategy, which would materially and adversely affect us. 
 In recent years, the U.S. and global financial markets have undergone a significant disruption beginning with the COVID-19 pandemic, and continuing with supply-demand imbalances, changes in the employment market and employer practices (including remote work) and general economic uncertainty, the full ramifications of which are not yet known but could continue to materially and adversely affect us. These markets have also experienced significant disruptions in the past, during which times global credit markets collapsed, borrowers defaulted on their loans at historically high levels, banks and other lending institutions suffered heavy losses and the value of certain classes of real estate declined. During such periods, a significant number of borrowers became unable to pay principal and interest on outstanding loans as the value of their real estate declined. Declining real estate values could reduce the level of new senior and subordinate loan originations. Instability in the U.S. and global financial markets in the future could be caused by any number of factors beyond our control, including, without limitation, pandemics, terrorist attacks or other acts of war, prolonged civil unrest, political instability or uncertainty, military activities, or broad-based sanctions, should they continue for the long term or escalate, and adverse changes in national or international economic, market and political conditions. Any sustained period of increased payment delinquencies, foreclosures or losses could adversely affect both our net interest income from loans in our portfolio as well as our ability to execute our investment strategy, which would materially and adversely affect us. 
 19 
 
 Insurance proceeds on a property may not cover all losses, which could result in the corresponding non-performance of or loss on our investment related to such property. 
 There are certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, terrorism or acts of war, which may be uninsurable or not economically insurable. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors, including terrorism or acts of war, also might result in insurance proceeds insufficient to repair or replace a property if it is damaged or destroyed. Under these circumstances, the borrower s receipt of insurance proceeds with respect to a property relating to one of our investments might not be adequate to restore our economic position with respect to our investment. Any uninsured loss could result in the loss of cash flow from, and the asset value of, the affected property and the value of our investment related to such property. 
 Our investments expose us to risks associated with debt-oriented real estate investments generally. 
 We seek to invest primarily in debt in or relating to real estate assets. Any deterioration of real estate fundamentals generally, and in the U.S. in particular, could negatively impact our performance by making it more difficult for our borrowers to satisfy their debt payment obligations to us, increasing the default risk applicable to borrowers, and/or making it relatively more difficult for us to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns. Changes in general economic conditions will affect the creditworthiness of our borrowers and may include economic and/or market fluctuations, changes in environmental, zoning and other laws, casualty or condemnation losses, regulatory limitations on rents, decreases in property values, changes in the appeal of properties to tenants, changes in supply and demand, fluctuations in real estate fundamentals (including average occupancy and room rates for hotel properties), energy supply shortages, various uninsured or uninsurable risks, natural disasters, terrorism, acts of war, changes in government regulations (such as rent control), political and legislative uncertainty, changes in real property tax rates and operating expenses, changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates changes in the availability of debt financing and/or mortgage funds which may render the sale or refinancing of properties difficult or impracticable, increased mortgage defaults, increases in borrowing rates, changes in consumer spending, negative developments in the economy that depress travel activity, demand and/or real estate values generally and other factors that are beyond our control. Recent concerns about the real estate market, rising interest rates, inflation, energy costs and geopolitical issues have contributed to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and markets going forward. 
 We cannot predict the degree to which economic conditions generally, and the conditions for CRE debt investing in particular, will improve or decline. Declines in the performance of relevant regional and global economies or in the CRE debt market could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 CRE-related investments that are secured, directly or indirectly, by CRE are subject to potential delinquency, foreclosure and loss, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 CRE debt investments that are secured, directly or indirectly, by property are subject to risks of delinquency and foreclosure and risks of loss. The ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured, directly or indirectly, by an income-producing property typically depends primarily upon the successful operation of the property rather than upon the existence of independent income or assets of the borrower. If the net operating income of the property is reduced, or the cost of debt service increases, a borrower s ability to repay our loan in a timely manner, or at all, may be impaired and therefore could reduce our return from an affected property or investment, which could materially and adversely affect us. Net operating income of an income-producing property can be affected by, among other things: 
 tenant mix and tenant bankruptcies; 

success of tenant businesses and the ability to respond to evolving risks, including public health risks and governmental measures that may be promulgated in connection therewith 

renovations or repositionings during which operations may be limited or halted completely; 

property management decisions, including with respect to capital improvements, particularly in older building structures; 

property location and condition; 

20 
 
 competition from other properties offering the same or similar services; 

changes in laws that increase operating expenses or limit rents that may be charged; 

any need to address environmental contamination or compliance with environmental requirements at the property; 

changes in national, regional or local economic conditions and/or specific industry segments; 

declines in regional or local real estate values; 

declines in regional or local rental or occupancy rates; 

changes in real estate tax rates and other operating expenses; 

changes in governmental rules, regulations and fiscal policies, including Treasury Regulations promulgated under the Code, or Treasury Regulations, and environmental legislation; 

fraudulent acts or theft on the part of the property owner, sponsor and/or manager; 

the potential for uninsured or under-insured property losses; 

acts of God, terrorism, social unrest and civil disturbances, which may decrease the availability of or increase the cost of insurance or result in uninsured losses; and 

adverse changes in zoning laws. 

In addition, an increase in interest rates can decrease a borrower s ability to service its debt even if net operating income remains stable. 
 
 In the event of any default under a loan held directly by us, we will bear a risk of loss to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral and the sum of the unpaid principal of, accrued interest on and cost to enforce our rights under such loan. In the event of the bankruptcy of a loan borrower, the loan to that borrower will be deemed to be secured only to the extent of the value of any underlying collateral at the time of bankruptcy (as determined by the bankruptcy court), and the lien securing the mortgage loan will be subject to the avoidance powers of the bankruptcy trustee or debtor-in-possession to the extent the lien is unenforceable under state law. Foreclosure of a loan can be an expensive and lengthy process and could result in significant losses. 
 Prepayment rates may adversely affect the yield on our loans and the value of our portfolio of assets. 
 The value of our assets may be affected by prepayment rates on loans. As of December 31, 2022, based on unpaid principal balance, over 50 of our loans were open to repayment by the borrower without penalty. In periods of declining interest rates, prepayment rates on loans will generally increase. If interest rates decline at the same time as prepayment rates, the proceeds of such prepayments received during such periods are likely to be reinvested by us in assets yielding less than the yields on the assets that were prepaid. In periods of increasing interest rates and/or credit spreads, prepayment rates on loans will generally decrease, which could impact our liquidity, or increase our potential exposure to loan non-performance. In addition, if we originate or acquire mortgage-related securities or a pool of mortgage securities, we anticipate that the underlying mortgages will prepay at a projected rate generating an expected yield. If we purchase assets at a premium to par value, when borrowers prepay their loans faster than expected, the corresponding prepayments on the asset may reduce the expected yield on such securities because we will have to amortize the related premium on an accelerated basis. Conversely, if we purchase assets at a discount to par value, when borrowers prepay their loans slower than expected, the decrease in corresponding prepayments on the asset may reduce the expected yield on such securities because we will not be able to accrete the related discount as quickly as originally anticipated. In addition, as a result of the risk of prepayment, the market value of the prepaid assets may benefit less than other fixed income securities from declining interest rates. 
 Prepayment rates on loans may be affected by a number of factors including, but not limited to, the then-current level of interest rates, the availability of mortgage credit, the relative economic vitality of the area in which the related properties are located, the servicing of the loans, possible changes in tax laws, other opportunities for investment, and 
 21 
 
 other economic, social, geographic, demographic and legal factors and other factors beyond our control. Consequently, such prepayment rates cannot be predicted with certainty and no strategy can completely insulate us from prepayment or other such risks. 
 
 Difficulty in redeploying the proceeds from repayments of our existing loans and investments may cause our financial performance and returns to investors to suffer. 
 
 As our loans and investments are repaid, we will have to redeploy the proceeds we receive into new loans and investments, repay borrowings under our credit facilities, pay dividends to our stockholders or repurchase outstanding shares of our common stock. It is possible that we will fail to identify reinvestment options that would provide returns or a risk profile that is comparable to the asset that was repaid. If we fail to redeploy the proceeds we receive from repayment of a loan in equivalent or better alternatives, our financial performance and returns to investors could suffer. 
 
 A prolonged economic slowdown, a lengthy or severe recession or declining real estate values could impair our investments and harm our operations, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 The risks associated with our business will be more severe during periods of economic slowdown or recession if these periods are accompanied by declining real estate values. Declining real estate values will likely reduce the level of loan originations since borrowers often use appreciation in the value of their existing properties to support the purchase or investment in additional properties. Borrowers may also be less able to pay principal and interest on our loans if the value of real estate weakens. Further, declining real estate values significantly increase the likelihood that we will incur losses on its loans in the event of default because the value of our collateral may be insufficient to cover its cost on the loan. Any sustained period of increased payment delinquencies, foreclosures or losses could adversely affect our ability to invest in, hold and finance loans. Any of the foregoing risks could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Recent macroeconomic trends, including inflation and rising interest rates, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Throughout 2022, inflation in the United States has accelerated and is currently expected to continue at an elevated level in the near-term. Rising inflation could have an adverse impact on any floating rate debt we have incurred and may incur in the future, and our general and administrative expenses, as these costs could increase at a rate higher than our interest income and other revenue. In response to recent inflationary pressure, the U.S. Federal Reserve and other global central banks have raised interest rates in 2022 and 2023 and have indicated likely further interest rate increases. To the extent our borrowing costs increase faster than the interest income earned from our floating-rate loans, such increases may adversely affect our cash flows. In addition, such inflation may materially and adversely impact the ability of our borrowers to make required payments on our loans. 
 
 Provisions for loan losses are difficult to estimate. 
 
 Our provision for loan losses is evaluated on a quarterly basis. The determination of our provision for loan losses requires us to make certain estimates and judgments, which may be difficult to determine. Our estimates and judgments are based on a number of factors, including projected cash flow from the collateral securing our loans, debt structure, including the availability of reserves and recourse guarantees, likelihood of repayment in full at the maturity of a loan, potential for refinancing and expected market discount rates for varying property types, all of which remain uncertain and are subjective. Our estimates and judgments may not be correct and, therefore, our results of operations and financial condition could be severely impacted. 
 We may not have control over certain of our investments. 
 Our ability to manage our portfolio of investments may be limited by the form in which they are made. In certain situations, we may: 
 acquire investments subject to rights of senior creditors and servicers under intercreditor or servicing agreements; 

pledge our investments as collateral for financing arrangements; 

22 
 
 acquire only a minority and/or a non-controlling participation in an underlying investment; 

co-invest with others through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities, thereby acquiring non-controlling interests; or 

rely on independent third-party management or servicing with respect to the management of an asset. 

Therefore, we may not be able to exercise control over all aspects of our investments. Such investments may involve risks not present in investments as to which senior creditors, junior creditors or servicers are not involved. Our rights to control the process following a borrower default may be subject to the rights of senior or junior creditors or servicers whose interests may not be aligned with ours. 
 Joint venture investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on joint venture partners financial condition and liquidity and disputes between us and our joint venture partners. 
 We have made, and may in the future make investments through joint ventures. Such joint venture investments may involve risks not otherwise present when we originate or acquire investments without partners, including the following: 
 we may not have exclusive control over the investment or the joint venture, which may prevent us from taking actions that are in our best interest; 

joint venture agreements often restrict the transfer of a partner s interest or may otherwise restrict our ability to sell the interest when we desire and/or on advantageous terms; 

any future joint venture agreements may contain buy-sell provisions pursuant to which one partner may initiate procedures requiring the other partner to choose between buying the other partner s interest or selling its interest to that partner; 

we may not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the investment or joint venture, which could create the potential risk of creating impasses on decisions, such as with respect to acquisitions or dispositions; 

a partner may, at any time, have economic or business interests or goals that are, or that may become, inconsistent with our business interests or goals; 

a partner may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions, requests, policies or objectives, including our policy with respect to maintaining our qualification as a REIT and our exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act; 

a partner may fail to fund its share of required capital contributions or may become bankrupt, which may mean that we and any other remaining partners generally would remain liable for the joint venture s liabilities; 

our relationships with our partners are contractual in nature and may be terminated or dissolved under the terms of the applicable joint venture agreements and, in such event, we may not continue to own or operate the interests or investments underlying such relationship or may need to purchase such interests or investments at a premium to the market price to continue ownership; 

disputes between us and a partner may result in litigation or arbitration that could increase our expenses and prevent our Manager and our officers and directors from focusing their time and efforts on our business and could result in subjecting the investments owned by the joint venture to additional risk; or 

we may, in certain circumstances, be liable for the actions of a partner, and the activities of a partner could adversely affect our ability to continue to qualify as a REIT or maintain our exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act, even though we do not control the joint venture. 

Any of the above may subject us to liabilities in excess of those contemplated and adversely affect the value of our future joint venture investments, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 CRE valuation is inherently subjective and uncertain. 
 23 
 
 The valuation of CRE assets and therefore the valuation of any underlying collateral relating to loans made by us is inherently subjective and uncertain due to, among other factors, the individual nature of each property, its location, the expected future cash flows from that particular property, future market conditions, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the demand for various types of real estate and the valuation methodology adopted. In addition, where we invest in construction loans, initial assessments will assume completion of the project. As a result, the valuations of the CRE assets against which we will make loans are subject to a large degree of uncertainty, which has increased due to the current market volatility, and are made on the basis of assumptions and methodologies that may not prove to be accurate, particularly in periods of volatility, low transaction flow or restricted debt or equity capital availability in the commercial or residential real estate markets. 
 The due diligence process that our Manager undertakes in regard to investment opportunities may not reveal all facts that may be relevant in connection with an investment and if our Manager incorrectly evaluates the risks of our investments, we may experience losses, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Before making investments for us, our Manager conducts due diligence that it deems reasonable and appropriate based on the facts and circumstances relevant to each potential investment. When conducting due diligence, our Manager may be required to evaluate a number of important issues, including but not limited to those relating to business, financial, tax, accounting, environmental, social and governance ESG matters, technology, cybersecurity, legal, regulatory and macroeconomic trends. Outside consultants, legal advisors and accountants may be involved in the due diligence process in varying degrees depending on the investment. Relying on the resources available to it, our Manager will evaluate our potential investments based on criteria it deems appropriate for the relevant investment. The nature and scope of our Manager s ESG-related diligence, if any, will vary based on the nature of the investment opportunity and what our Manager deems appropriate under the circumstances, which may not reflect the preferred practices of any particular investor and may differ from other market practices. In addition, our Manager s credit underwriting may not prove accurate, and actual results may vary materially from estimates. If our Manager s assessment of an asset s future performance is not accurate relative to the way we underwrite such asset, or our Manager s due diligence process fails to identify material risks relating to such asset, we may experience losses with respect to such investment. Any such losses could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Moreover, investment analyses and decisions by our Manager may frequently be required to be undertaken on an expedited basis to take advantage of investment opportunities. In such cases, the information available to our Manager at the time of making an investment decision may be limited, and it may not have access to detailed information regarding such investment. Further, certain considerations covered by our Manager s diligence, such as ESG-related risks, are continuously evolving, including from an assessment, regulatory and compliance standpoint, and our Manager may not accurately or fully anticipate such evolution. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Manager will have knowledge of all circumstances that may adversely affect such investment. 
 
 We may foreclose on certain of the loans we originate or acquire, which could result in material losses. 
 Properties underlying our CRE loans may be subject to unknown or unquantifiable liabilities that may adversely affect the value of our investments. Such defects or deficiencies may include title defects, title disputes, liens or other encumbrances on the mortgaged properties. The discovery of such unknown defects, deficiencies and liabilities could affect the ability of our borrowers to make payments to us or could affect our ability to take title to and sell the underlying properties, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 We may find it necessary or desirable to foreclose on certain of the loans we originate or acquire in order to preserve our investment. Any foreclosure process may be lengthy and expensive. Among the expenses that are likely to occur in any foreclosure would be the incurrence of substantial legal fees and potentially significant transfer taxes. If we foreclose on an asset, we may take title to the property securing that asset subject to any debt and debt service requirements then in effect, which was the case for the foreclosure resulting in our real estate owned investment. As a result, we cannot assure you that the value of the collateral underlying a foreclosed loan at or after the time a foreclosure is contemplated or completed will exceed our investment, including related foreclosure expenses and assumed indebtedness, or that operating cash flows from such investment will exceed debt service requirements, if any. As a result, a contemplated or completed foreclosure could result in significant losses. If we do not or cannot sell a foreclosed property, we would then come to own and operate it as real estate owned. Owning and operating real 
 24 
 
 property, such as our real estate owned investment, involves risks that are different (and in many ways more significant) than the risks faced in lending against a CRE asset. 
 Furthermore, claims may be asserted by other lenders or borrowers that might interfere with our ability to foreclose or otherwise enforce our rights. Borrowers may resist foreclosure actions by asserting numerous claims, counterclaims and defenses against us, including, without limitation, lender liability claims and defenses, even when the assertions may have no basis in fact, in an effort to prolong the foreclosure action and seek to force the lender into a modification of the loan or a favorable buyout of the borrower s position in the loan. In some states, foreclosure actions can take several years or more to litigate. At any time prior to or during the foreclosure proceedings, the borrower may file for bankruptcy, which would have the effect of staying the foreclosure actions and further delaying the foreclosure process and potentially resulting in a reduction or discharge of a borrower s debt. Foreclosure may create a negative public perception of the related property, resulting in a diminution of its value. Even if we are successful in foreclosing on a loan, the liquidation proceeds upon sale of the underlying real estate may not be sufficient to recover our cost basis in the loan, resulting in a loss to us. Furthermore, any costs or delays involved in the foreclosure of the loan or a liquidation of the underlying property will further reduce the net proceeds and, thus, increase any such loss. The incurrence of any such losses could materially and adversely affect us. 
 We may be subject to lender liability claims, and if we are held liable under such claims, we could be subject to losses. 
 A number of judicial decisions have upheld the right of borrowers to sue lending institutions on the basis of various evolving legal theories, collectively termed lender liability. Generally, lender liability is founded on the premise that a lender has either violated a duty, whether implied or contractual, of good faith and fair dealing owed to the borrower or has assumed a degree of control over the borrower resulting in the creation of a fiduciary duty owed to the borrower or its other creditors or stockholders. We cannot assure you that such claims will not arise or that we will not be subject to significant liability and losses if a claim of this type did arise. 
 Liability relating to environmental matters may impact the value of our loans or of properties that we may acquire upon foreclosure of the properties underlying our investments. 
 To the extent we take title to any of the properties underlying our investments, we may be subject to environmental liabilities arising from the foreclosed properties. Under various U.S. federal, state and local laws, an owner or operator of real property may become liable for the costs of removal of certain hazardous substances released on its property. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the release of the hazardous substances. The presence of hazardous substances on a property may adversely affect our ability to sell the property, and we may incur substantial remediation costs. As a result, the discovery of material environmental liabilities attached to those properties could materially and adversely affect us. 
 In addition, the presence of hazardous substances may adversely affect an owner s ability to sell real estate or borrow using real estate as collateral. To the extent that an owner of a property underlying one of our loans becomes liable for removal costs, the ability of the owner to make payments to us may be reduced, which in turn may adversely affect the value of the relevant loan held by us and could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Climate change, and other risks relating to the environmental, social and governance impact of our investments or the underlying properties and development activities that we finance, could adversely affect our business. 
 We face a number of risks associated with climate change including risks stemming from the physical impacts of climate change and risks related to potential changes in applicable legislation and regulation, either of which could have a material adverse effect on the properties underlying our investments, our borrowers, or our performance. It is not possible to predict how legislation or new regulations that may be adopted to address greenhouse gasses, or GHG, emissions will impact our borrowers or CRE properties generally. Future environmental laws and regulations could require the owners of properties to make significant expenditures to attain and maintain compliance. More broadly, we face risks associated with the unpredictability of new legislation and regulation focused on ESG matters, as well as those associated with an increasing trend among certain investors to take ESG factors into account in determining whether to invest in companies. If we are involved with assets or entities associated with certain industries or activities 
 25 
 
 that are perceived to be causing or exacerbating climate change or other ESG-related issues, it may adversely impact our ability to raise capital from certain investors or harm our reputation. Conversely, if we avoid involvement with such industries or activities, it may limit our capital deployment opportunities to an extent that adversely affects our business. 
 
 Our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations, including with respect to environmental, social and governance matters, that could expose us to numerous risks. 
 
 Recently, there has been growing concern from advocacy groups, government agencies and the general public on ESG matters and increasingly regulators, customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders are focusing on ESG matters and related disclosures. Such governmental, investor and societal attention to ESG matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure on topics such as climate change, human capital, labor and risk oversight, could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that we are required to manage, assess and report. 
 
 We are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulatory organizations, including the SEC, the New York Stock Exchange and the Financial Accounting Standards Board. These rules and regulations continue to evolve in scope and complexity and many new requirements have been created in response to laws enacted by Congress, making compliance more difficult and uncertain. Further, new and emerging regulatory initiatives in the U.S. related to climate change and ESG could adversely affect our business. 
 These changing rules, regulations and stakeholder expectations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such regulations and expectations. ESG, the ESG proposed rules and other sustainability matters and our response to these matters could harm our business, including in areas such as diversity, equity and inclusion, human rights, climate change and environmental stewardship, support for local communities, corporate governance and transparency and considering ESG factors in our investment processes. Further, we may choose to communicate certain initiatives and goals, regarding environmental matters, diversity, responsible sourcing and social investments and other ESG-related matters, in our SEC filings or in other public disclosures. These initiatives and goals within the scope of ESG could be difficult and expensive to implement, and we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the disclosure. Statements about our ESG-related initiatives and goals, and progress against those goals, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. In addition, we could be criticized for the scope or nature of such initiatives or goals, or for any revisions to these goals. If we are unable to adequately address such ESG matters or if we fail to achieve progress with respect to our goals within the scope of ESG on a timely basis, or at all, or if we or our borrowers fail or are perceived to fail to comply with all laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations, it could negatively impact our reputation and our business results. 
 Risks Related to Sources of Financing and Hedging 
 We have a significant amount of debt outstanding and may incur a significant amount of additional debt in the future, which subjects us to increased risk of loss, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 5.7 billion in consolidated indebtedness outstanding. In the future, subject to market conditions and availability, we may incur significant additional debt through repurchase facilities, asset-specific financing structures, and secured term loan borrowings. In addition to these types of financings, we may also use other forms of leverage, including secured and unsecured credit arrangements, structured financings such as CMBS and CLOs, derivative instruments, public and private secured and unsecured debt issuances by us or our subsidiaries. 
 Subject to compliance with the leverage covenants contained in our repurchase facilities and other financing arrangements, the amount of leverage we employ will vary depending on our available capital, our ability to obtain financing, the type of assets we are financing, whether the financing is match-funded, whether the financing is recourse or non-recourse, the debt restrictions and other covenants sought to be imposed by prospective and existing lenders and the stability of our loan portfolio s cash flow, as well as general business conditions affecting lenders and the 
 26 
 
 broader debt capital markets, including overall supply and demand of credit. In addition, we may leverage individual assets at substantially higher levels than our targeted Total Leverage Ratio. 
 A significant amount of debt subjects us to many risks that, if realized, would materially and adversely affect us, including the risk that: 
 our cash flow from operating activities could become insufficient to make required payments of principal and interest on our debt, which would likely result in (a) acceleration of the debt (and any other debt containing a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision), increasing the likelihood of further distress if refinancing is not available on favorable terms or at all, (b) our inability to borrow undrawn amounts under other existing financing arrangements, even if we have timely made all required payments under such arrangements, further compromising our liquidity, and/or (c) the loss of some or all of our assets that are pledged as collateral in connection with our financing arrangements (including assets transferred to lenders under repurchase facilities); 

our debt may increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions with no assurance that such debt will increase our investment yields in an amount sufficient to offset the associated risks relating to leverage; 

we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operating activities to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for operations, future business opportunities, stockholder distributions and/or other purposes; and 

to the extent the maturity of certain debt e.g. , credit or repurchase facilities) occurs prior to the maturity of a related asset pledged or transferred as collateral for such debt e.g. , an underlying senior or subordinate loan made by us), we may not be able to refinance that debt on favorable terms or at all, which may reduce available liquidity and/or cause significant losses to us. 

Although our Manager will seek to prudently manage our exposure to the risk of default on our debt, there can be no assurance that our financing strategy will be successful or that it will produce enhanced returns commensurate with the increased risk of loss that necessarily arises when using leverage. Our financing strategy may cause us to incur significant losses, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Our Secured Term Loan, Debt Related to Real Estate Owned, current financing facilities, and secured loans impose, and additional lending facilities may impose, financial and other covenants that restrict our operational flexibility, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Our Secured Term Loan, Debt Related to Real Estate Owned, current financing facilities, and secured loans contain, and additional financing facilities may contain, various customary covenants, including requiring us to meet or maintain certain financial ratios or other requirements that restrict our operational flexibility, including restrictions on dividends, distributions or other payments from our subsidiaries, and impede certain investments that we might otherwise make. In addition, certain of our existing lenders and counterparties, and future lenders or counterparties require us to maintain minimum amounts of cash or other liquid assets. As a result, we may not be able to leverage our assets as fully as we would otherwise choose, which could reduce our liquidity and returns on equity. If we are unable to meet these financial covenants, it could materially and adversely affect us. In addition, certain of our existing lenders require, and future lenders may require, us to agree that we would be in default if our Manager or one or more of its executive officers cease to serve in such capacity for any reason. If we fail to satisfy any of these covenants, such that a default arises, our lenders may be entitled to enforce remedies such as declaring outstanding amounts due and payable, terminating their commitments, requiring the posting of additional collateral and/or enforcing their security interests against existing collateral, unless we were able to negotiate a waiver, forbearance or other modification. Any such arrangement could be conditioned on an amendment to the lending or repurchase agreement and any related guarantee agreement on terms that may be unfavorable to us. Certain of our financings are, and may also in the future, contain cross-default and/or cross-acceleration provisions with respect to our other debt agreements or facilities. Any such provision could allow a financing counterparty to declare a default because of a default under a financing arrangement with a different financing counterparty, defaults across multiple financings resulting from a single event. This and any other type of default could make it difficult for us to satisfy the requirements necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as liquidity generated from operating cash 
 27 
 
 flow is transferred to our lenders rather than distributed to our stockholders. As a result, a default on any of our debt could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Credit ratings assigned to us, our indebtedness or our investments will be subject to ongoing evaluations and revisions and we cannot assure you that those ratings will not be downgraded or withdrawn or placed on negative outlook, which could adversely impact us. 
 
 We and our Secured Term Loan are currently rated by Standard Poor s and Moody s Investors Service and our Secured Term Loan is also rated. Our and our Secured Term Loan credit ratings could change based upon, among other things, our historical and projected business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, and prospects. Our issuer and senior secured debt credit ratings have in the past fluctuated, and currently have ratings of B+ (stable) from Standard and Poor's and Ba3 (stable) from Moody s Investors Service. These ratings actions or any future downgrade, or withdrawal of a rating or any credit rating agency action that indicates that it has placed our rating on a watch list for a possible downgrading or lowering, or otherwise indicates that its outlook for our rating is negative, could increase our borrowing costs and our ability to access capital on favorable terms or at all and otherwise adversely affect us. Our ratings are subject to ongoing evaluation by credit rating agencies, and we cannot assure you that any ratings will not be changed adversely or withdrawn by a rating agency in the future if, in its judgment, circumstances warrant. 
 Some of our investments may also be rated by rating agencies such as Moody s Investors Service, Fitch Ratings, Standard Poor s, DBRS, Inc., Realpoint LLC or Kroll Bond Rating Agency. Any credit ratings on our investments are subject to ongoing evaluation by credit rating agencies, and we cannot assure you that any ratings will not be changed or withdrawn by a rating agency in the future if, in its judgment, circumstances warrant. Any adverse ratings action or withdrawal on one of our investments could adversely impact us. For example, if a rating agency assigns a lower-than-expected rating or subsequently reduces or withdraws, or indicates that it may reduce or withdraw, its ratings of one or more of our investments in the future, the value and liquidity of such investment(s) could significantly decline, which would adversely affect the overall value of our loan portfolio and could result in losses upon our disposition of such investment(s) or the failure of borrowers underlying such investment(s) to satisfy their debt service obligations to us. 
 Further, any downgrade of the Company s credit ratings by any of the credit agencies that cover our debt may make it more difficult and costly for us to access capital. There can be no assurances that our credit ratings will not be downgraded in the future, whether as a result of deteriorating general economic conditions, failure to successfully implement our operating strategy or the adverse impact on our results of operations or liquidity position of any of the above, or otherwise. 
 The arrangements that we currently use, or may in the future use, to finance our investments may require us to provide additional collateral or pay down debt based on the occurrence of certain events. 
 Some of our financing arrangements contain mark-to-market provisions creating a risk that a decline in the market value of the assets pledged or sold by us to the provider of the related financing will allow the lender or counterparty to make margin calls or otherwise force us to repay all or a portion of the funds advanced additional collateral. Our Manager generally seeks to structure credit and repurchase facilities that do not allow our lenders or counterparties to make margin calls or require additional collateral solely as a result of a disruption in the CMBS market, capital markets or credit markets, or a general increase or decrease of interest rate spreads or other similar benchmarks (as opposed to allowing such counterparties to make margin calls upon the occurrence of adverse credit events related to the collateral). However, some of our repurchase facilities contain, and certain of our future repurchase facilities or other financing facilities may contain, provisions allowing our lenders to make margin calls or require additional collateral solely upon the occurrence of adverse changes in the markets or interest rate or spread fluctuations, subject to minimum thresholds, among other factors. We have in the past pursued, and may continue to pursue, standstill agreements, pursuant to which we may agree to voluntary repayments in exchange for the lender agreeing not to exercise margin calls for a period of time, with our repurchase facility counterparties if or when we deem appropriate, although there is no assurance that such efforts will be successful. Under credit and repurchase facilities that provide for margin calls or require additional collateral based on the market value of the financed asset or assets, the lender or counterparty can generally require additional collateral upon the occurrence of a credit event specific to the collateral that adversely impacts the value of such collateral. From time to time, we may not have the 
 28 
 
 funds available to meet such a margin call, which would likely result in one or more defaults unless we are able to raise the requisite funds from alternative sources such as selling assets at a time when we would not otherwise choose to do so (which we may not be able to achieve on favorable terms or at all). In addition, the payment of margin calls and/or provision of additional collateral could reduce our cash available to make other, higher yielding investments (thereby decreasing our returns on equity). If we cannot meet these requirements, the lender or counterparty could accelerate our indebtedness and exercise remedies including retention or sale of assets pledged or transferred as collateral, increase the interest rate on advanced funds, increase the level of recourse on our borrowings, and/or terminate our ability to borrow funds from it, which could materially and adversely affect us. Additionally, any future loan modifications for our loans that have been financed with repurchase facilities will require the consent from the applicable lender prior to us entering into any such loan modification. There can be no assurance that such lender will consent to any such loan modifications or will not require us to take certain actions as a condition to obtaining such consent, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 In our repurchase transactions, we are required to sell the assets to our lenders (i.e., repurchase agreement counterparties) in exchange for the delivery of cash from such lenders. At the maturity of the financing, the lenders are obligated to resell the same assets back to us upon payment of a repurchase price equal to the outstanding advance amount on such assets together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon and other amounts then due to the lenders. If a counterparty to our repurchase transactions defaults on its obligation to resell the asset back to us at the end of the transaction term, or if the value of the underlying security has declined as of the end of that term, or if we default on our obligations under the repurchase agreement, we will likely incur a loss on our repurchase transactions. If a lender or counterparty files for bankruptcy or becomes insolvent, our loans may become subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, thus depriving us, at least temporarily, of the benefit of these assets. In addition, our repurchase agreements and credit facilities contain, and any new repurchase agreements or credit agreements we may enter into are likely to contain, cross-default and/or cross acceleration provisions. Such provisions allow a lender to declare a default under its facility with us on the basis of a default under a facility with a different lender. If a default occurs under any of our repurchase agreements or credit facilities and a lender terminates one or more of its repurchase agreements or credit facilities, we may need to enter into replacement repurchase agreements or credit facilities with different lenders. In these circumstances, we may not be successful in entering into replacement repurchase agreements or credit facilities on the same terms as the repurchase agreements or credit facilities that were terminated or at all. Also, because repurchase agreements and similar credit facilities are generally short-term commitments of capital, changes in conditions in the financing markets may make it more difficult for us to secure continued financing during times of market stress. During certain periods of a credit cycle, lenders may lose their ability or curtail their willingness to provide financing. If we are not able to arrange for replacement financing on acceptable terms, or if we default on any covenants or are otherwise unable to access funds under any of our repurchase agreements and credit facilities, we may have to curtail our asset origination and acquisition activities and/or dispose of investments. Such an event could restrict our access to financing and increase our cost of capital, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 We depend or may depend on bank credit agreements and facilities, repurchase facilities and structured financing arrangements, public and private debt issuances and derivative instruments, in addition to transaction- or asset-specific financing arrangements and other sources of financing to execute our business plan, and our inability to access financing on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our ability to fund our investments may be impacted by our ability to secure bank credit facilities (including term loans and revolving facilities), repurchase facilities and structured financing arrangements, public and private debt issuances and derivative instruments, in addition to asset-specific financing arrangements and other sources of financing on acceptable terms. We utilize repurchase agreements to finance the acquisition of certain investments. In order for us to borrow funds under a repurchase agreement, our lender has the right to review the potential assets for which we are seeking financing and approve such assets in its sole discretion. Accordingly, we may be unable to obtain the consent of a lender to finance an investment and alternate sources of financing for such asset may not exist. We may also rely on short-term financing that would be especially exposed to changes in availability. Our access to sources of financing will depend upon a number of factors, over which we have little or no control, including: 
 general economic or market conditions; 

the market s view of the quality of our assets; 

the market s view of performance of other companies executing a strategy comparable to ours; 

29 
 
 the market s perception of our growth potential; 

our current and potential earnings liquidity and cash distributions; 

regulatory capital reform rules or other regulatory changes; and 

the market price of shares of our common stock. 

We will need to periodically access the capital markets to raise cash to fund new investments or repay in whole or in part the financings associated with existing investments. Unfavorable economic or capital market conditions, such as the severe dislocation in the capital and credit markets caused most recently by a material increase in interest rates designed to combat inflation arising after the earlier stages of the COVID-19 pandemic and, before that, reflected by the global financial crisis of 2008, may increase our financing costs, limit our access to the capital markets and result in a decision by our potential lenders not to extend credit. An inability to successfully access the capital markets could limit our ability to grow our business and fully execute our business plan and could decrease our earnings and liquidity and materially and adversely affect us. In addition, any dislocation or weakness in the capital and credit markets, such as the dislocation that existed during the global financial crisis of 2008, could adversely affect our lenders and could cause one or more of our lenders to be unwilling or unable to provide us with financing or to increase the costs of that financing. In addition, as regulatory capital requirements imposed on our lenders are increased, they may be required to limit or increase the cost of financing they provide to us. In general, this could potentially increase our financing costs and reduce our liquidity or require us to sell assets at an inopportune time or price. No assurance can be given that we will be able to obtain financing on favorable terms or at all. 
 In addition, although we plan to seek to reduce our exposure to lender concentration-related risk by entering into financings with various counterparties, we are not required to observe specific lending counterparty diversification criteria. To the extent that our net exposure under our lending arrangements may become concentrated with one or more lenders, the adverse impacts of defaults or terminations by our lenders may be significantly greater. 
 Fluctuations in interest rates and credit spreads could increase our financing costs and/or reduce our ability to generate income on our investments, which could lead to a significant decrease in our results of operations, cash flows and the value of our investments or the underlying collateral and may limit our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 Our primary interest rate exposures relate to the yield on our investments and the financing cost of our debt, as well as our exposure to interest rate swaps that we may utilize for hedging purposes either with respect to our investments or our indebtedness. Changes in interest rates affect our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income we earn on our interest-earning investments and the interest expense we incur in financing these investments. In a period of rising interest rates, our interest expense on floating rate debt would increase, while any additional interest income we earn on floating rate investments may not equal or exceed the increase in interest expense. The interest earned on investments and incurred on debt that carry a fixed rate would not change. In a period of declining interest rates, the interest income on floating rate investments would decline, while any decline in the interest we are charged on our floating rate debt may not equal or exceed the decrease in interest income and the interest expense we incur. As noted above, the interest earned on investments and incurred on debt that carry a fixed rate would not change. Certain of our financings may have interest rate floors, which if the index rate were to fall below such floor our interest expense would essentially remain fixed. Consequently, changes in interest rates may significantly influence our net interest income. Interest rate fluctuations resulting in our interest expense exceeding interest income would result in operating losses, which could materially and adversely affect us. Changes in the level of interest rates also may affect our ability to originate or acquire investments, the value of our investments and our ability to realize gains from the disposition of assets. Increases in interest rates and credit spreads may also negatively affect demand for loans and could result in higher borrower default rates. In 2022 and 2023, the U.S. Federal Reserve raised benchmark overnight interest rates on multiple occasions and may further increase rates. For more information regarding changes in interest rates affecting borrower default rates, please see The planned discontinuance of LIBOR has affected and will continue to affect financial markets generally, and may adversely affect our interest income, interest expense, or both. See also Prepayment rates may adversely affect the yield on our loans and the value of our portfolio of assets. 
 30 
 
 Our operating results will depend, in part, on differences between the income earned on our investments, net of credit losses, and our financing costs. The yields we earn on our assets and our borrowing costs tend to move in the same direction in response to changes in interest rates. However, one can rise or fall faster than the other, causing our net interest income to expand or contract. In addition, we could experience a compression of the yield on our investments and our financing costs. Although we seek to match the terms of our liabilities to the expected lives and interest rate reference indices of loans that we originate or acquire, circumstances may arise in which our liabilities are shorter in duration than our investments, resulting in their adjusting faster in response to changes in interest rates. For any period during which our investments are not match-funded, the income earned on such investments may respond more slowly to interest rate fluctuations than the cost of our borrowings. Consequently, in such circumstances, increases in interest rates, particularly short-term interest rates, may immediately and significantly decrease our results of operations and cash flows, the market value of our investments and may adversely impact our ability to comply with covenants under our financings. 
 
 Our use of leverage may create a mismatch with the duration and interest rate reference index of the investments that we are financing. 
 
 We work to structure our financings to minimize the difference between the term of our investments and the term of the financing for such investments. In the event that a financing has a shorter term than the tenor of the financed investment, we may not be able to extend the financing or find appropriate replacement financing and any such failure would have an adverse impact on our liquidity and our returns. In the event that a financing has a shorter term than the financed investment, we may not be able to repay the financing when due or replace the financed investment with an optimal substitute or at all, which will negatively impact our desired leveraged returns. 
 
 We attempt to structure our financings to minimize any mismatch between the type of interest rate of our investments and the interest rate of related financings financing floating rate investments with floating rate financing and fixed rate investments with fixed rate financing. Further, we work to match reference rates on floating rate liabilities used to finance floating rate assets. If such a rate-type matched product is not then available to us on favorable terms, we may use hedging instruments to effectively create such a match. For example, in the case of fixed rate investments, we may finance investments with floating rate financing, but effectively convert all or a portion of the attendant financing to fixed rate using hedging strategies. We routinely use LIBOR/SOFR floors on both our investments and our debt financings, with the financing LIBOR/SOFR floor typically at a lower rate than for our investments. For more information regarding changes in interest rates affecting borrower default rates, please see The planned discontinuance of LIBOR has affected and will continue to affect financial markets generally, and may adversely affect our interest income, interest expense, or both. 
 
 Our attempts to mitigate these risks are subject to factors outside of our control, such as the availability to us of favorable financing and hedging options, which is subject to a variety of factors, of which duration and term matching are only two. A duration mismatch may also occur when borrowers prepay their loans faster or slower than expected. The risks of a duration mismatch are also magnified by the potential for the extension of loans in order to maximize the likelihood and magnitude of their recovery value in the event the loans experience credit or performance challenges. Employment of this asset management practice could effectively extend the duration of our investments, while our hedges or liabilities may have set maturity dates. 
 An increase in our borrowing costs relative to the interest that we receive on our leveraged assets would adversely affect our profitability and our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 As certain borrowings mature, we may need to replace such borrowings with new financings, find other sources of liquidity or sell assets. As borrowing rates have increased from historically low levels that have been seen recently, at the time we enter into new borrowings, the spread between the returns on our investments and the cost of our borrowings may be reduced. In addition, there is no assurance that short-term interest rates may not increase further. For example, in response to recent inflationary pressure, the U.S. Federal Reserve and other global central banks have raised interest rates in 2022 and 2023 and have indicated likely further interest rate increases. This could adversely affect the return on our assets, which might reduce our earnings and, in turn, cash available for distribution to our stockholders, potentially materially. 
 31 
 
 Our existing and future financing arrangements and any debt securities we may issue could restrict our operations, limit our ability to pay dividends and expose us to additional risk. 
 Our existing and future financing arrangements and any debt securities we may issue in the future are or will be governed by a credit agreement, indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility. Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our common stock. We will bear the cost of issuing and servicing these credit facilities, arrangements or securities. 
 These restrictive covenants and operating restrictions could have a material adverse effect on us, cause us to lose our REIT status, restrict our ability to finance or securitize new originations and acquisitions, force us to liquidate collateral and negatively affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. 
 We may enter into hedging transactions that could expose us to contingent liabilities in the future, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT, part of our investment strategy may involve entering into hedging transactions that could require us to fund cash payments in certain circumstances (such as the early termination of the hedging instrument caused by an event of default or other early termination event, or the decision by a counterparty to request the posting of margin to which it is contractually entitled under the terms of the hedging instrument). Our ability to fund a margin call will depend on the liquidity of our assets and access to capital at the time, and the need to fund these obligations could cause us to incur losses or otherwise materially and adversely affect us. 
 The extent of our hedging activity will vary in scope based on, among other things, the level and volatility of interest rates, the type of assets held, types of liabilities and other market conditions. Although these transactions are intended to reduce our exposure to various risks, hedging may fail to adequately protect or could adversely affect us because, among other things: 
 hedging can be expensive, particularly during periods of volatile or rapidly changing interest rates; 

available hedges may not correspond directly with the risks for which protection is sought; 

the duration of the hedge may not match the duration of the related instrument for which protection is sought; 

the amount of income that a REIT may earn from certain hedging transactions (other than through our TRSs) is limited by U.S. federal income tax provisions; 

the credit quality of a hedging counterparty may be downgraded to such an extent that it impairs our ability to sell or assign our side of the hedging transaction; and 

the hedging counterparty may default on its obligations. 

Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act governs derivative transactions, including certain hedging instruments we may use in our risk management activities. Rules implemented by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the CFTC, pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act require, among other things, that certain derivatives be centrally cleared through a registered derivatives clearing organization, or DCO, and traded on a designated contract market or swap execution facility. These regulations could increase the operational and transactional cost of derivatives contracts in the form of intermediary fees and additional margin requirements imposed by DCOs and the clearing members of the DCOs through which we may clear derivatives, and affect the number and/or creditworthiness of available counterparties. Hedging instruments often are not traded on regulated exchanges or guaranteed by an exchange or its clearing house, and involve risks and costs that could result in material losses. 
 The cost of using hedging instruments increases as the period covered by the instrument lengthens. Although we may avoid substantial interest rate exposure by investing in floating rate mortgage loans, to the extent that we have interest rate exposure from fixed rate loans we may increase our hedging activity (and therefore our hedging costs) during periods of volatility. In addition, hedging instruments involve risk since they often are not traded on regulated 
 32 
 
 exchanges or guaranteed by an exchange or its clearing house. In general, derivative transactions entered into directly with counterparties, rather than through an exchange, receive fewer regulatory protections than transactions entered into on an exchange. Furthermore, the enforceability of agreements underlying hedging transactions may depend on compliance with applicable statutory and commodity and other regulatory requirements and, depending on the identity of the counterparty, applicable international requirements. In addition, if the business of a hedging counterparty fails we may not only lose unrealized profits but also be forced to cover our forward commitments, if any, at the then current market price. 
 Although we generally expect to have the right to terminate our hedging positions, it may not always be possible to dispose of or close out a hedging position without the consent of the hedging counterparty, and we may not be able to enter into an offsetting contract in order to cover our risk. We cannot assure you that a liquid secondary market will exist for hedging instruments purchased or sold, and we may be required to maintain a position until exercise or expiration, which could result in material losses. 
 
 We may fail to qualify for, or choose not to elect, hedge accounting treatment. 
 We intend to account for derivative and hedging transactions in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, 815 Derivatives and Hedging, or ASC 815. Under these standards, we may fail to qualify for, or choose not to elect, hedge accounting treatment for a number of reasons, including if we use instruments that do not meet the FASB ASC 815 definition of a derivative (such as short sales), if we fail to satisfy the FASB ASC 815 hedge documentation and hedge effectiveness assessment requirements, or if our instruments are not highly effective. If we fail to qualify for, or choose not to elect, hedge accounting treatment, gains and losses on derivatives will be included in our operating results and may not be offset by a change in the fair value of the related hedged transaction or item. 
 Our investments may be subject to fluctuations in interest rates that may not be adequately protected, or protected at all, by our hedging strategies. 
 Though our primary strategy is to originate and acquire shorter term, floating rate loans, our investments may include loans with either floating interest rates or fixed interest rates. Floating rate investments earn interest at rates that adjust from time to time (typically monthly) based upon an index (typically one-month LIBOR or SOFR). The coupons earned by the floating rate loans fluctuate based upon interest rate reference indices (again, typically one-month LIBOR or SOFR) and, in a declining and/or low interest rate environment, these loans will earn lower rates of interest and this will impact our operating performance. Fixed interest rate investments, however, do not have adjusting interest rates and the relative value of the fixed cash flows from these investments will decrease as prevailing interest rates rise or increase as prevailing interest rates fall, causing potentially significant changes in value. We may employ various hedging strategies to limit the effects of changes in interest rates (and in some cases credit spreads), including engaging in interest rate swaps, caps, floors and other interest rate derivative products. We believe that no strategy can completely insulate us from the risks associated with interest rate changes and there is a risk that they may provide no protection at all. Hedging transactions involve certain additional risks such as counterparty risk, leverage risk, the legal enforceability of hedging contracts, the early repayment of hedged transactions and the risk that unanticipated and significant changes in interest rates may cause a significant loss of basis in the contract and a change in current period expense. We cannot make assurances that we will be able to enter into hedging transactions or that hedging transactions will adequately protect us against the foregoing risks. 
 Accounting for derivatives under GAAP is extremely complicated. Any failure by us to account for our derivatives properly in accordance with GAAP on our consolidated financial statements could adversely affect our earnings. In particular, cash flow hedges which are not perfectly correlated (and appropriately designated and/or documented as such) with variable rate financing will impact our reported income as gains and losses on the ineffective portion of the hedges. 
 The planned discontinuance of LIBOR has affected and will continue to affect financial markets generally, and may adversely affect our interest income, interest expense, or both. 
 On March 5, 2021, the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom, or the FCA, which regulates LIBOR s administrator, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, or IBA, announced that all LIBOR tenors relevant to us will cease to be published or will no longer be representative after June 30, 2023 indicating that, as a result of 
 33 
 
 not having access to input data necessary to calculate LIBOR tenors relevant to us on a representative basis after June 30, 2023, the IBA would have to cease publication of such LIBOR tenors immediately after the last publication on June 30, 2023. The United States Federal Reserve has also advised banks to cease entering into new contracts that use U.S. dollar LIBOR as a reference rate. The Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rate Committee, or the ARRC, a committee convened by the Federal Reserve that includes major market participants, has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR. There are significant differences between LIBOR and SOFR, such as LIBOR being an unsecured lending rate while SOFR is a secured lending rate, and SOFR is an overnight rate while LIBOR reflects term rates at different maturities. To the extent our LIBOR-based borrowings are converted to SOFR, the differences between LIBOR and SOFR, and potential margin adjustments in connection with the transition, could result in higher interest costs for us, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Although SOFR is the ARRC s recommended replacement rate, it is also possible that lenders may instead choose and alternative replacement rates that may differ from LIBOR in ways similar to SOFR or in other ways that would result in higher interest costs for us. We cannot predict the effect of the decision not to sustain LIBOR, or the potential transition to SOFR or another alternative reference rate as LIBOR s replacement. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our loan portfolio included 7.4 billion of floating rate loans for which the interest rate was tied to LIBOR or SOFR. Additionally, we had 5.7 billion of floating rate debt tied to LIBOR or SOFR. To the extent that any relevant loan or debt instrument is outstanding at the time at which LIBOR is discontinued, its terms may provide for the relevant interest or payment calculations to be made by reference to an alternative benchmark rate or on some other basis. Our loan agreements relating to our investments and financing arrangements generally do provide for replacement reference rates in the event that LIBOR is no longer available or otherwise viable. Regardless, there can be no assurances as to what alternative base rates may be and whether such base rate will be more or less favorable than LIBOR and any other unforeseen impacts of the potential discontinuation of LIBOR. Any changes, reforms or replacements relating to LIBOR could increase our interest expense and could have an adverse impact on the market for or value of any LIBOR-linked securities, loans, derivatives and other financial obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to us or on our overall financial condition or results of operations. In addition, there could be a mismatch between the timing of adjusting the floating base rate from LIBOR to an alternative base rate up on the discontinuation of LIBOR, between our financing arrangements and our loan investments, which may have an immediate and significant adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows and the market value of our investments. We are monitoring the developments with respect to the potential phasing out of LIBOR and are working with our lenders and borrowers to minimize the impact of any LIBOR transition on our financial condition and results of operations, but can provide no assurances regarding the impact of the discontinuation of LIBOR. 
 
 For information on the steps we are taking with regard to the transition from LIBOR to alternative reference rates, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk LIBOR Transition. 
 We may use securitizations to finance our investments and make investments in CMBS, CLOs, and other similar structured finance investments, which may expose us to risks that could result in losses. 
 
 We may, to the extent consistent with our qualification as a REIT, seek to securitize certain of our loan portfolio investments. This would involve creating a special-purpose vehicle, contributing a pool of our assets to the entity, and selling interests in the entity on a non-recourse basis to purchasers (whom we would expect to be willing to accept a lower interest rate to invest in investment-grade loan pools) and may require us to retain a portion of the risk of the assets in accordance with risk retention laws and regulations, which would not allow us to sell or hedge our risk retention interests. We would expect to retain all or a portion of the equity in the securitized pool of portfolio investments. We may use short-term facilities to finance the acquisition of investments until sufficient eligible investments have been accumulated, at which time we would refinance these investments through a securitization, such as a CMBS, or issuance of CLOs, or the private placement of loan participations or other long-term financing. If we were to employ this strategy, we would be subject to the risk that we would not be able to acquire, during the period that our short-term facilities are available, sufficient eligible investments to maximize the efficiency of one of these financing strategies. We also would be subject to the risk that we would not be able to obtain short-term credit 
 34 
 
 facilities or would not be able to renew any short-term credit facilities after they expire should we find it necessary to extend our short-term credit facilities to allow more time to seek and acquire sufficient eligible investments for a long-term financing. The inability to consummate securitizations of our loan portfolio to finance our investments on a long-term basis could require us to seek other forms of potentially less attractive financing or to liquidate assets at an inopportune time or price, which could adversely affect our performance and our ability to grow our business. Additionally, a securitization transaction might magnify our exposure to losses because any equity interest we retain in the issuing entity would be subordinate to the notes issued to investors and we would, therefore, absorb all of the losses sustained with respect to a securitized pool of assets before the owners of the notes experience any losses. 
 
 Additionally, we may from time to time invest in subordinated classes of securities in a structure of securities secured by a pool of mortgages or loans. Accordingly, the securities are the first or among the first to bear the loss upon a restructuring or liquidation of the underlying collateral and last or among the last to receive payment of interest and principal. 
 Subordinate interests in securitized products generally are not actively traded and are relatively illiquid investments and volatility in trading markets for securitized products may cause the value of these investments to decline. In addition, if the underlying mortgage portfolio has been overvalued by the originator, or if the values subsequently decline and, as a result, less collateral value is available to satisfy interest and principal payments and any other fees in connection with the trust or other conduit arrangement for the securities, we may incur significant losses. 
 With respect to the CMBS, CLOs and other securitized products in which we may invest, control over the related underlying loans will be exercised through a special servicer or collateral manager designated by a directing certificate holder or a controlling class representative, or otherwise pursuant to the related securitization documents. We may acquire classes of CMBS, CLOs or other securitized products, for which we may not have the right to appoint the directing certificate holder or otherwise direct the special servicing or collateral management. With respect to the management and servicing of those loans, the related special servicer or collateral manager may take actions that could materially and adversely affect our interests. 
 We may be subject to losses arising from future guarantees of debt and contingent obligations of our subsidiaries, joint venture or co-investment partners or our borrowers. 
 We may from time to time guarantee the performance of our subsidiaries obligations, including, but not limited to, our repurchase agreements, credit facilities, derivative agreements and unsecured indebtedness. We may also agree to guarantee indebtedness incurred by a joint venture or co-investment partner. A guarantee may be on a joint and several basis with our joint venture or co-investment partner, in which case we may be liable in the event the partner defaults on its guarantee obligation. The non-performance of these obligations may cause losses to us in excess of the capital we initially may have invested or committed under these obligations and there is no assurance that we will have sufficient capital to cover any losses. 
 We are subject to counterparty risk associated with our hedging activities. 
 We are subject to credit risk with respect to the counterparties to derivative contracts (whether a clearing corporation in the case of exchange-traded instruments or another third-party in the case of over-the-counter instruments). If a counterparty becomes insolvent or otherwise fails to perform its obligations under a derivative contract due to financial difficulties, we may experience significant delays in obtaining any recovery under the derivative contract in a dissolution, assignment for the benefit of creditors, liquidation, winding-up, bankruptcy, or other analogous proceeding. In the event of the insolvency of a counterparty to a derivative transaction, the derivative transaction would typically be terminated at its fair market value. If we are owed this fair market value in the termination of the derivative transaction and its claim is unsecured, we will be treated as a general creditor of the counterparty, and will not have any claim with respect to the underlying security. We may obtain only a limited recovery or may obtain no recovery in these circumstances. In addition, the business failure of a hedging counterparty with whom we enter into a hedging transaction will most likely result in its default, which may result in the loss of unrealized profits and force us to cover our commitments, if any, at the then current market price. Counterparty risk with respect to certain exchange-traded and over-the-counter derivatives may be further complicated by recently enacted U.S. financial reform legislation. 
 35 
 
 If we enter into certain hedging transactions or otherwise invest in certain derivative instruments, failure to obtain and maintain an exemption from being regulated as a commodity pool operator by our Manager could subject us to additional regulation and compliance requirements, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 The Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and rules promulgated thereunder by the CFTC, or the CFTC Rules, establish a comprehensive regulatory framework for certain derivative instruments, including swaps, futures, options on futures and foreign exchange derivatives, or Regulated CFTC Instruments. Under this regulatory framework, many mortgage REITs that trade in Regulated CFTC Instruments may be considered commodity pools and the operators of such mortgage REITs would accordingly be considered commodity pool operators, or CPOs. Absent an applicable exemption, a CPO of a mortgage REIT (which otherwise falls within the statutory definition of commodity pool) must register with the CFTC and become subject to CFTC Rules applicable to registered CPOs, including with respect to disclosure, reporting, recordkeeping and business conduct in respect of the mortgage REIT. We may from time to time, directly or indirectly, invest in Regulated CFTC Instruments, which may subject us to oversight by the CFTC. 
 Our Manager expects to qualify for and rely upon relief from the CPO registration requirement in respect of us pursuant to the no-action relief issued in December 2012 by the CFTC staff to operators of qualifying mortgage REITs, and has submitted a claim for relief within the required time period. Our Manager expects to qualify for the no-action relief in respect of us on the basis that we satisfy the criteria specified in the CFTC no-action letter, in that we identify as a mortgage REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, our trading in Regulated CFTC Instruments does not exceed a certain de minimis threshold identified in the no-action relief and our interests are not marketed to the public as or in a commodity pool or other trading vehicle. There can be no assurance, however, that the CFTC will not modify or withdraw the no-action letter in the future or that we will be able to continue to satisfy the criteria specified in the no-action letter in order to qualify for relief from CPO registration. The CFTC Rules with respect to commodity pools may be revised, which may affect our regulatory status or cause us to modify or terminate the use of Regulated CFTC Instruments in connection with our investment program. If we were required to register as a CPO in the future or change our business model to ensure that we can continue to satisfy the requirements of the no-action relief, it could materially and adversely affect us. Furthermore, we may determine to register as a CPO hereafter, and in such event we will operate in a manner designed to comply with applicable CFTC requirements, which requirements may impose additional obligations and costs on us. 
 The CFTC has substantial enforcement power with respect to violations of the laws over which it has jurisdiction. Among other things, the CFTC may suspend or revoke the registration of a person who fails to comply, prohibit such a person from trading or doing business with registered entities, impose civil monetary penalties, require restitution and seek fines or imprisonment for criminal violations. Additionally, a private right of action exists against those who violate the laws over which the CFTC has jurisdiction or who willfully aid, abet, counsel, induce or procure a violation of those laws. In the event we are unable to qualify for the no-action relief and fail to comply with the CFTC Rules, we may be unable to use Regulated CFTC Instruments or we may be subject to significant fines, penalties and other civil or governmental actions or proceedings, any of which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Risks Related to Our Company 
 Our investment strategy, our investment guidelines, our target assets and our financing strategy may be changed without stockholder consent. 
 The investment guidelines approved by our Board, and required to be followed by our Manager, are broad. Moreover, these guidelines, as well as our investment strategy, target assets, financing strategy and policies with respect to investments, originations, acquisitions, growth, operations, indebtedness, hedging, capitalization, distributions and other corporate matters may be changed at any time without the consent of our stockholders, subject to applicable law. This could result in changes to the risk profile of our investment portfolio over time. A change in our investment strategy may also increase our exposure to interest rate risk, default risk and real estate market 
 36 
 
 fluctuations. Furthermore, a change in our target assets could result in our making investments in asset categories different from those described in this report. These changes could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations or those of our competitors, or changes in the interpretation thereof, or newly enacted laws or regulations, could result in increased competition for our target assets, require changes to our business practices and collectively could adversely impact our revenues and impose additional costs on us, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 The laws and regulations governing our operations or those of our competitors, as well as their interpretation, may change from time to time, and new laws and regulations may be enacted. We may be required to adopt or suspend certain business practices as a result of any changes, which could impose additional costs on us, which could materially and adversely affect us. For example, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, some government entities instituted moratoria on business activities, construction, evictions and foreclosures and rent cancellation. These measures and future measures of this kind may adversely affect us or our borrowers. Furthermore, if regulatory capital or capital adequacy requirements whether under the Dodd-Frank Act, Basel III, or other regulatory action are further strengthened or expanded with respect to lenders that provide us with debt financing, or were to be imposed on us directly, they or we may be required to limit or increase the cost of financing they provide to us or that we provide to others. Among other things, this could potentially increase our financing costs, reduce our ability to originate or acquire loans and reduce our liquidity or require us to sell assets at an inopportune time or price. 
 In addition, various laws and regulations currently exist that restrict the investment activities of banks and certain other financial institutions but do not apply to us, which we believe creates opportunities for us to originate loans and participate in certain other investments that are not available or attractive to these more regulated institutions. However, proposals for legislation that would change how the financial services industry is regulated are continually being introduced in the U.S. Congress and in state legislatures. Federal financial regulatory agencies may adopt regulations and amendments intended to effect regulatory reforms including reforms to certain Dodd-Frank-related regulations. Prospective investors should be aware that changes in the regulatory and business landscape as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act and as a result of other current or future legislation and regulation may decrease the restrictions on banks and other financial institutions and allow them to compete with us for investment opportunities that were previously not available or attractive to, or otherwise pursued by, them, which could have a material adverse impact on us. See Risks Related to Our Investments We operate in a competitive market for the origination and acquisition of attractive investment opportunities and competition may limit our ability to originate or acquire attractive risk-adjusted investments in our target assets, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Over the last several years, there also has been an increase in regulatory attention to the extension of credit outside of the traditional banking sector, raising the possibility that some portion of the non-bank financial sector will become subject to new regulation. While it cannot be known at this time whether any regulation will be implemented or what form it may take, increased regulation of non-bank lending could negatively impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, impose additional costs on us or otherwise materially and adversely affect us. 
 State licensing requirements will cause us to incur expenses and our failure to be properly licensed may have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Some jurisdictions require non-bank companies to hold licenses to conduct lending activities. State licensing statutes vary from state to state and may prescribe or impose: various recordkeeping requirements; restrictions on loan origination and servicing practices, including limits on finance charges and the type, amount and manner of charging fees; disclosure requirements; requirements that licensees submit to periodic examination; surety bond and minimum specified net worth requirements; periodic financial reporting requirements; notification requirements for changes in principal officers, stock ownership or corporate control; restrictions on advertising; and requirements that loan forms be submitted for review. Obtaining and maintaining state licenses will cause us to incur expenses and failure to be properly licensed under state law or otherwise may have a material adverse effect on us. 
 37 
 
 Actions of the U.S. government, including the U.S. Congress, Federal Reserve, U.S. Treasury and other governmental and regulatory bodies, to stabilize or reform the financial markets, or market response to those actions, may not achieve the intended effect and could materially and adversely affect us. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act imposes significant investment restrictions and capital requirements on banking entities and other organizations that are significant to U.S. financial stability. For instance, the Volcker Rule provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act impose significant restrictions on the proprietary trading activities of banking entities (as defined under the Volcker Rule) and on their ability to acquire or retain an ownership interest (as defined under the Volcker Rule) in, sponsor (as defined under the Volcker Rule) or have certain relationships with covered funds (as defined under the Volcker Rule), unless pursuant to an exclusion or exemption under the Volcker Rule. The Dodd-Frank Act also subjects non-bank financial companies that have been designated as systemically important by the Financial Stability Oversight Council to increased capital requirements and quantitative limits for engaging in such activities, as well as consolidated supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act seeks to reform the asset-backed securitization market (including the mortgage-backed securities, or MBS, market) by requiring the retention of a portion of the credit risk inherent in each pool of securitized assets and by imposing additional registration and disclosure requirements. Rules of federal regulators that implement the Dodd-Frank Act s risk retention requirements generally require sponsors of asset-backed securities to retain at least 5 of the credit risk relating to the assets that underlie each issuance of such securities. These rules apply to securitization transactions backed by all types of self-liquidating financial assets, including residential and commercial loans and leases. While the full impact of such rules, the Dodd-Frank Act as a whole and other like-minded regulatory actions and potential actions cannot be fully assessed in the immediate term with respect to our business, they may adversely affect the availability or terms of financing from our lender counterparties whether or not they benefit our business in other ways (such as by causing more CRE borrowers to seek financing from non-bank lenders like us, which could lead to improved pricing). 
 Recent and future legislative and regulatory developments, such as amendments to key provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and regulations thereunder, including provisions implementing the Volcker Rule and provisions setting forth capital and risk retention requirements may have an impact on the financial markets and financial services industry. For example, in June 2020, U.S. federal regulatory agencies amended the Volcker Rule s restrictions on banking entities sponsoring and investing in certain covered hedge funds and private equity funds, including by adopting new exemptions allowing banking entities to sponsor and invest in credit funds, venture capital funds, customer facilitation funds and family wealth management vehicles. The amendments also reduced certain restrictions on extraterritorial fund activities and direct parallel or co-investments made alongside covered funds. The amendments will therefore expand the ability of banking entities to invest in and sponsor private funds. The ultimate consequences on our business remain uncertain and no assurances can be given whether these actions could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 
 Operational risks, including the risk of cyberattacks, may disrupt our businesses, result in losses and limit our growth. 
 We rely heavily on our Sponsor s financial, accounting, treasury, communications and other data processing systems. These systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of tampering or a breach of the network security systems or otherwise. In addition, these systems are from time to time subject to cyberattacks, which may continue to increase in sophistication and frequency in the future. Attacks on us and our Sponsor s and service providers systems could involve attempts that are intended to obtain unauthorized access to our proprietary information or personal identifying information of our stockholders or borrowers (and their beneficial owners), destroy data or disable, degrade or sabotage our systems, including through the introduction of computer viruses and other malicious code. 
 Cybersecurity incidents and cyberattacks have been occurring globally at a more frequent and severe level and will likely continue to increase in frequency in the future. Our information and technology systems as well as those of our Sponsor and other related parties, such as service providers, may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from cybersecurity breaches, computer viruses or other malicious code, network failures, computer and telecommunication failures, infiltration by unauthorized persons and other security breaches, usage errors by their respective professionals or service providers, power, communications or other service outages and catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes and earthquakes. As a result of the increased demand for remote working arrangements and our general reliance on internet technology, which may create additional opportunities for cybercriminals to exploit vulnerabilities, we may face increased cybersecurity risks. Cyberattacks and other security threats could originate 
 38 
 
 from a wide variety of sources, including cyber criminals, nation state hackers, hacktivists and other outside parties. There has been an increase in the frequency and sophistication of the cyber and security threats we face, with attacks ranging from those common to businesses generally to those that are more advanced and persistent, which may target us or our Sponsor because we hold a significant amount of confidential and sensitive information. As a result, we and our Sponsor may face a heightened risk of a security breach or disruption with respect to this information. If successful, these types of attacks on our or our Sponsor s network or other systems could have a material adverse effect on us, due to, among other things, the loss of investor or proprietary data, interruptions or delays in the operation of our business and damage to our reputation. There can be no assurance that measures we or our Sponsor takes to ensure the integrity of our systems will provide protection, especially because cyberattack techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until successful. 
 If unauthorized parties gain access to this information and technology systems, they may be able to steal, publish, delete or modify private and sensitive information, including non-public personal information related to stockholders or borrowers (and their beneficial owners) and material non-public information. Although we and our Sponsor have implemented, and our service providers may implement, various measures to manage risks relating to these types of events, these systems could prove to be inadequate and, if compromised, could become inoperable for extended periods of time, cease to function properly or fail to adequately secure private information. We do not control the cybersecurity plans and systems put in place by third-party service providers, and these third-party service providers may have limited indemnification obligations to us or our Sponsor, each of which could be negatively impacted as a result. Breaches such as those involving covertly introduced malware, impersonation of authorized users and industrial or other espionage may not be identified even with sophisticated prevention and detection systems, potentially resulting in further harm and preventing them from being addressed appropriately. The failure of these systems or of disaster recovery plans for any reason could cause significant interruptions in our operations and result in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information relating to stockholders, material non-public information and the intellectual property and trade secrets and other sensitive information in the possession of us or our Manager. We could be required to make a significant investment to remedy the effects of any failures, harm to our reputations, legal claims that we and our Manager may be subjected to, regulatory action or enforcement arising out of applicable privacy and other laws, adverse publicity and other events that may materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 In addition, our business highly depends on information systems and technology. The costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. Many jurisdictions in which we operate have laws and regulations relating to data privacy, cybersecurity and protection of personal information. Some jurisdictions have also enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. Breaches in security could potentially jeopardize our or our Manager s, its employees , or our investors or counterparties confidential and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our or our investors , our counterparties or third parties operations, which could result in significant losses, increased costs, disruption of our business, liability to our investors and other counterparties, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. Furthermore, if we or our Manager fail to comply with the relevant laws and regulations, it could result in regulatory investigations and penalties, which could lead to negative publicity and may cause our investors to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our or our Manager s security measures. 
 
 A disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our and our Sponsor s disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. In addition, insurance and other safeguards might only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all. 
 Accounting rules for certain of our transactions are highly complex and involve significant judgment and assumptions. Changes in accounting interpretations or assumptions could impact our ability to timely prepare consolidated financial statements, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Accounting rules for transfers of financial assets, securitization transactions, loan loss reserves and other potential aspects of our operations are highly complex and involve significant judgment and assumptions. These complexities could lead to a delay in preparation of financial information and the delivery of this information to our 
 39 
 
 stockholders, including as a result of an increase in the number of loan modifications that we have processed and expect to process in the future due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Changes in accounting interpretations or assumptions could impact our consolidated financial statements and our ability to timely prepare consolidated financial statements that accurately reflect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations in accordance with prevailing accounting standards. Our inability to timely prepare our consolidated financial statements in the future could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Risks Related to Our Relationship with Our Manager and its Affiliates 
 Our future success depends on our Manager and its access to the key personnel and investment professionals of our Sponsor and its affiliates. 
 We are externally managed and advised by our Manager, an investment adviser registered with the SEC pursuant to the Advisers Act. We have no direct employees or facilities. We rely completely on our Manager and its affiliates to provide us with investment advisory services, which, in the case of our Manager s affiliates, are provided to our Manager pursuant to a services agreement with MRECS. Our Manager is an affiliate of MRECS and all of our officers are employees or principals of MRECS or its affiliates. Our Manager has significant discretion as to the implementation of our investment and operating policies and strategies. 
 Accordingly, we believe that our success depends to a significant extent upon the efforts, experience, diligence, skill and network of business contacts of the officers, key personnel and investment professionals of our Sponsor and its affiliates, including our Manager. Our Manager, through the officers, key personnel and investment professionals of our Sponsor and its other affiliates, will evaluate, negotiate, close and monitor our investments and advise us regarding maintenance of our REIT status and exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act; therefore, our success depends on their continued service. The departure of any of the officers, key personnel or investment professionals of our Sponsor or its affiliates could have a material adverse effect on us and our operations and/or subject us to compensation-related claims in connection with our 2016 Incentive Award Plan (the 2016 Plan ). 
 We offer no assurance that our Manager will remain our investment manager or that we will continue to have access to the officers, key personnel and investment professionals of our Sponsor and its affiliates. The term of the Management Agreement with our Manager provides for automatic one-year renewals of the agreement following its original expiration date, unless it is otherwise terminated by our Board. If the Management Agreement is terminated and no suitable replacement is found to manage us, we may not be able to execute our investment strategy, which would materially and adversely affect us. 
 The personnel providing services to our Manager are not required to dedicate a specific portion of their time to the management of our business. 
 Neither our Sponsor nor any of its other affiliates is obligated to dedicate any specific personnel exclusively to our Manager, and in turn to us, nor will it or its personnel be obligated to dedicate any specific portion of their time to the management of our business other than the portion of our Manager s time as is necessary and appropriate for our Manager to perform its services under the Management Agreement. As a result, we cannot provide any assurances regarding the amount of time our Manager or its affiliates will dedicate to the management of our business and our Manager and its affiliates may have conflicts in allocating its time, resources and services among our business and any other investment vehicles and accounts our Manager or its affiliates or their respective personnel may manage. Each of our officers is also an employee or principal of MRECS or its affiliates, who has now or may be expected to have significant responsibilities for other investment vehicles, whether focused on credit or equity investments, currently or in the future managed by our executive officers, our Manager or its affiliates. Consequently, we may not receive the level of support and assistance that we otherwise might receive if we were internally managed. Our Manager and its affiliates are not restricted from entering into other investment advisory relationships or from engaging in other business activities from time to time. 
 Our Manager manages our loan portfolio pursuant to very broad investment guidelines and is not required to seek the approval of our Board for investment decisions where certain criteria are met, which may result in riskier 
 40 
 
 decisions that could cause investment returns to be substantially below expectations including the potential for material losses. 
 Our Manager is authorized to follow very broad investment guidelines that provide it with broad discretion over investment, financing, asset allocation and hedging decisions. Our Board will periodically review our investment guidelines and our loan and investment portfolio but will not, and will not be required to, review and approve in advance all of our proposed loans and investments or the Manager s financing, asset allocation or hedging decisions. In addition, in conducting periodic reviews, our directors may rely primarily on information provided to them by our Manager or its affiliates. Subject to maintaining our REIT qualification and our exclusion from regulation under the 1940 Act, our Manager has significant latitude within the broad investment guidelines in determining the types of loans and investments it makes for us, and how such loans and investments are financing or hedged, which could result in investment returns that are substantially below expectations or that result in losses, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may compete with other investment vehicles managed by our Sponsor or its affiliates, including our Manager, or have other conflicts of interest with our Sponsor or its affiliates, including our Manager, which may result in decisions that are not in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 From time to time, we may compete with other investment vehicles managed by our Sponsor or its affiliates, including our Manager, or our interests may conflict with those of our Sponsor or its affiliates including our Manager. Representatives of our Sponsor also serve on our Board. Certain of our pre-IPO stockholders have representatives on our Board. In addition, certain of our pre-IPO stockholders have an ownership position in our Manager. There can be no assurance that we will be able to adopt policies and procedures that adequately identify and address all of the conflicts of interest that may arise. Some examples of potential conflicts include: 
 Broad and Wide-Ranging Activities . Our Sponsor and its affiliates, including our Manager, engage in a broad spectrum of activities in the real estate industry. One or more of our Sponsor s affiliates may have an investment strategy similar to ours, and therefore may engage in competing activities with us or otherwise may have business interests that conflict with ours. 

Allocation of Investment Opportunities . Certain inherent conflicts of interest arise from the fact that our Sponsor, and its affiliates, including our Manager, will provide investment management and other services both to us and other investment vehicles or accounts they manage. Our Sponsor and its affiliates, including our Manager, are not restricted from entering into other investment advisory relationships or from engaging in other business activities from time to time. Our Sponsor and its affiliates, including our Manager, are not legally prohibited from forming or managing investment vehicles or accounts that would have an investment strategy that is substantially similar to our core investment strategy and, regardless, the existing and future investment vehicles or accounts managed by our Sponsor or its affiliates may from time to time invest in assets that overlap with our target assets. If any such situation arises, investment opportunities may be allocated between us and the other investment vehicles or accounts in a manner that may result in fewer investment opportunities being allocated to us than would have otherwise been the case. Our Sponsor and its affiliates may also give advice to other sponsored vehicles or accounts that differs from advice given to us by our Manager even if the underlying investment objectives are similar. While our Sponsor and its affiliates will seek to manage potential conflicts of interest in a fair and equitable manner, the strategies employed by our Sponsor and its affiliates in managing other sponsored vehicles or accounts could conflict with the strategies employed by our Manager in managing our business. The business decisions of our Sponsor and its other affiliates with respect to other investment vehicles or accounts may adversely affect the marketability, exit strategy, prices and availability of the assets in which we invest. Conversely, participation in specific investment opportunities may be appropriate, at times, for both us and other investment vehicles or accounts sponsored by our Sponsor or its affiliates, which may result in us not participating in certain investment opportunities in which we would have otherwise participated. Additionally, we are not precluded from entering into other third-party joint ventures or additional co- investment arrangements that have the effect of diluting our stockholders' beneficial interest in certain of our investments. Consequently, a stockholder s indirect economic interest in each investment, expressed as a percentage of the overall economic interests in the investments, may vary substantially. Economically, certain investors may have more or less opportunity to profit or exposure to losses with respect to each investment. 

41 
 
 Variation in Financial and Other Benefits . A conflict of interest could arise where the financial or other benefits available to our Manager or its affiliates (including our pre-IPO stockholders who hold an ownership position in our Manager) differ among the accounts, clients, entities, funds and/or investment companies, including us, which we refer to collectively as Clients, that they manage. If the amount or structure of the base management fee, incentive fee and/or other fees payable to our Sponsor or its affiliates differs among Clients, or if our Sponsor establishes management entities other than our Manager that do not include similar third-party ownership or participation interests, our Sponsor or its affiliates might be motivated to prioritize more lucrative Clients over others, including us. Similarly, the desire to maintain assets under management or to enhance our Sponsor s performance record or to derive other rewards, financial or otherwise, could cause our Sponsor or its affiliates to afford preferential treatment to those Clients that could most significantly benefit our Sponsor, which may not include us. Our Sponsor or its affiliates may, for example, have an incentive to allocate favorable or limited opportunity investments or structure the timing of investments to favor those Clients. Additionally, our Sponsor or its affiliates or their respective personnel might be motivated to favor Clients in which it or they have the most significant direct or indirect ownership interest, which might consist of Clients other than us. 

Service Providers . Our service providers (including lenders, brokers, attorneys, and investment banking firms) may be sources of investment opportunities, counterparties therein or advisors with respect to those investment opportunities. This may influence our Manager in deciding whether to select a particular service provider. In addition, some service providers may be unavailable to us as a result of conflicts relating to other businesses of our Sponsor or its affiliates, including our Manager, and their respective transactions. 

Material, Non-Public Information . We, directly or through our Manager and its affiliates, may come into possession of material non-public information with respect to an issuer or borrower in which we have invested or may invest. Should this occur, our Manager may be restricted from buying or selling securities, derivatives or loans of the issuer or borrower on our behalf until such time as the information becomes public or is no longer deemed material. Disclosure of information to the personnel responsible for management of our business may be on a need-to-know basis only, and we may not be free to act upon any of that information. Therefore, we and/or our Manager may not have access to material non-public information in the possession of our Sponsor or its other affiliates which might be relevant to an investment decision to be made by our Manager on our behalf, and our Manager may initiate a transaction or purchase or sell an investment which, if the information had been known to it, may not have been undertaken. Due to these restrictions, our Manager may not be able to initiate a transaction on our behalf that it otherwise might have initiated and may not be able to purchase or sell an investment that it otherwise might have purchased or sold, which could negatively affect us. 

Possible Future Activities . Our Sponsor and its affiliates, including our Manager, may expand the range of services that they provide over time. Except as and to the extent expressly provided in the Management Agreement and as they may expressly agree in writing, our Sponsor and its affiliates will not be restricted in the scope of their business or in the performance of any services (whether now offered or undertaken in the future) even if these activities could give rise to conflicts of interest, and whether or not the conflicts are specifically described herein. 

Transactions with Other Vehicles or Accounts Managed by our Sponsor or its Affiliates . Though not currently expected, from time to time, we may enter into transactions with other vehicles or accounts managed by our Sponsor or its affiliates. These transactions will be conducted in accordance with the Management Agreement (including the requirement that the transactions be approved by us) and applicable laws and regulations 

The structure of our Manager s fees may not create effective incentives and may cause our Manager to make riskier investments. 
 We will pay our Manager base management fees irrespective of the performance of our investments. That may reduce our Manager s incentive to devote sufficient effort to seeking attractive investment opportunities as compared to an arrangement in which all fees are performance-based. In addition, because the base management fees are based upon stockholders equity, our Manager may be incentivized to increase our equity even if doing so would dilute 
 42 
 
 potential returns for our existing stockholders. On the other hand, our Manager is also entitled to receive incentive fees based on our quarterly performance. These incentive fees may lead our Manager to place undue emphasis on the maximization of short-term net income at the expense of effective risk management in order to achieve higher incentive fees (for example, by causing our Manager to underwrite investments that are generally riskier and more speculative and/or by being unduly aggressive in deploying capital such that we fail to maintain adequate liquidity). This could result in increased risk to our loan portfolio. Accordingly, the structure of our Manager s fees may fail to promote effective alignment of interests between our Manager and us at any given time, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Termination of the Management Agreement would be costly. 
 Termination of the Management Agreement would be costly. If we default in the performance or observance of any material term, condition or covenant contained in the Management Agreement and our Manager terminates the Management Agreement, the Management Agreement provides that we will pay our Manager a termination fee equal to three times the sum of the average annual base management fee and the average annual incentive fee earned during the 24-month period immediately preceding the date of termination, calculated as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter prior to the date of termination. 
 Our Manager s liability is limited under the Management Agreement and we have agreed to indemnify our Manager against certain liabilities. 
 Pursuant to the Management Agreement, our Manager will not assume any responsibility other than to render the services called for thereunder and will not be responsible for any action of our Board in following or declining to follow its advice or recommendations. Under the terms of the Management Agreement, our Manager, its officers, stockholders, members, managers, directors, employees, consultants and personnel and any person controlling or controlled by our Manager and any of those person s officers, stockholders, members, managers, directors, employees, consultants and personnel and any person providing sub-advisory services to our Manager will not be liable to us, any subsidiary of ours, our Board, our stockholders or any subsidiary s stockholders, members or partners for acts or omissions (including market movements or trade errors that may result from ordinary negligence, such as errors in the investment decision-making process or in the trade process) performed in accordance with and pursuant to the Management Agreement, except because of acts or omissions constituting fraud or gross negligence in the performance of our Manager s duties under the Management Agreement or our Manager s material breach of the Management Agreement, as determined by a judgment at first instance of a court of competent jurisdiction. We have agreed to indemnify our Manager, its officers, stockholders, members, managers, directors, employees, consultants, personnel, any person controlling or controlled by our Manager and any of those person s officers, stockholders, members, managers, directors, employees, consultants and personnel and any person providing sub-advisory services to our Manager with respect to all expenses, losses, damages, liabilities, demands, charges and claims arising from acts or omissions of our Manager or such person made in good faith in the performance of our Manager s duties under the Management Agreement and not constituting fraud or gross negligence in the performance of our Manager s duties under the Management Agreement. As a result, we could experience poor performance or losses for which our Manager would not be liable. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 We have not established a minimum dividend payment level, and we may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows from our operations to pay dividends to our stockholders at any time in the future at a particular level, or at all, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 We are generally required to annually distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains, for us to qualify as a REIT, which requirement we currently intend to satisfy through quarterly distributions of all or substantially all of our REIT taxable income in such year, subject to certain adjustments. Our ability to pay dividends may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including due to the risk factors described in this report. Any distributions we make to our stockholders will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend upon our historical and anticipated REIT taxable income, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, financing agreements (including covenants), maintenance of our REIT qualification, our exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act, applicable provisions of 
 43 
 
 the MGCL and such other factors as our Board deems relevant. We believe that a change in any one of the following factors could adversely impair our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders: 
 our ability to make investments that generate attractive risk-adjusted returns; 

margin calls, obligations to accelerate repayment of financings or other expenses that reduce our cash flow; 

defaults in our portfolio or decreases in the value of our portfolio 

the fact that anticipated operating expense levels may not prove accurate, as actual results may vary from estimates. 

As a result, no assurance can be given that we will be able to pay dividends to our stockholders at any time in the future or that the level of any distributions we do make to our stockholders will achieve our targeted yield or increase or even be maintained over time, any of which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Common stock eligible for future sale may have adverse effects on the market price of our common stock. 
 The sale of substantial amounts of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could harm the prevailing market price of shares of our common stock. In addition, our common stock ownership is fairly concentrated which somewhat limits the liquidity of the market of our stock. We can give no assurance that there will be greater liquidity in the trading market for our common stock in the future. If there is a limited liquidity in the trading market for our common stock, a sale of a large number of shares or four common stock could be adversely disruptive to the market price of our common stock. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. 
 We have filed a registration statement on Form S-3 registering the resale of 16,058,983 shares of our common stock held by certain pre-initial public offering stockholders. These shares are freely tradable without compliance with Rule 144. 
 We have also filed a registration statement on Form S-8 registering shares of our common stock subject to issuance under the 2016 Plan. Shares covered by this registration statement are eligible for sale in the public market and subject to the Rule 144 limitations applicable to affiliates and vesting of such shares, as applicable. The issuance of these shares and their subsequent sale could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 The market price of shares of our common stock could drop significantly if the holders of these restricted shares sell them or are perceived by the market as intending to sell them. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to raise additional funds through future offerings of shares of our common stock or other equity securities. 
 Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure 
 Avoiding the need to register under the 1940 Act imposes significant limits on our operations. Your investment return may be reduced if we are required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. 
 We intend to conduct our operations so that neither we nor any of our subsidiaries are required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities, and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of such issuer s total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis, which we refer to as the 40 test. Excluded from the term investment securities, among other things, are U.S. government securities and securities issued by majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on the exception from the definition of investment company set forth in Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act. 
 We are organized as a holding company and conduct our businesses primarily through our subsidiaries. We intend to conduct our operations so that we comply with the 40 test. The securities issued by any wholly-owned or 
 44 
 
 majority-owned subsidiaries that we may form in the future that are excepted from the definition of investment company based on Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act, together with any other investment securities we may own, may not have a value in excess of 40 of the value of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. We will monitor our holdings to ensure continuing and ongoing compliance with this test. In addition, we believe that we will not be considered an investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act because we will not engage primarily or hold ourselves out as being engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Rather, through our subsidiaries, we are primarily engaged in non-investment company businesses related to real estate. 
 The determination of whether an entity is a majority-owned subsidiary of our company is made by us. The 1940 Act defines a majority-owned subsidiary of a person as a company 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of which are owned by such person, or by another company which is a majority-owned subsidiary of such person. The 1940 Act further defines voting securities as any security presently entitling the owner or holder thereof to vote for the election of directors of a company. Generally, we treat companies in which we own at least a majority of the outstanding voting securities as majority-owned subsidiaries for purposes of the 40 test. We have not requested that the SEC or its staff approve our treatment of any company as a majority-owned subsidiary, and neither the SEC nor its staff has done so. If the SEC or its staff were to disagree with our treatment of one or more companies as majority-owned subsidiaries, we would need to adjust our strategy and our assets in order to continue to pass the 40 test. Any such adjustment in our strategy or assets could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 We expect certain of our subsidiaries to qualify for the exclusion from the definition of investment company pursuant to Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act, which is available for certain entities primarily engaged in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate. To qualify for the exclusion pursuant to Section 3(c)(5)(C), based on positions set forth by the staff of the SEC, each such subsidiary generally is required to hold (i) at least 55 of its assets in qualifying real estate assets and (ii) at least 80 of its assets in qualifying real estate assets and real estate-related assets. For our majority- or wholly-owned subsidiaries that will maintain this exclusion or another exclusion or exception under the 1940 Act (other than Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) thereof), our interests in these subsidiaries will not constitute investment securities. We expect each of our subsidiaries relying on Section 3(c)(5)(C) to rely on guidance published by the SEC staff or on our analyses of guidance published with respect to other types of assets to determine which assets are qualifying real estate assets and real estate-related assets. 
 
 Specifically, based on certain no-action letters and other guidance issued by the SEC staff, we expect to treat certain mortgage loans, mezzanine loans, subordinated mortgage interests and certain other assets that represent an actual interest in CRE or are a loan or lien fully secured by CRE as qualifying real estate assets. On the other hand, we expect to treat certain other types of mortgages, securities of REITs and certain other indirect interests in CRE as real estate-related assets. The SEC staff has not, however, published guidance with respect to the treatment of some of these assets under Section 3(c)(5)(C). To the extent the SEC staff publishes new or different guidance with respect to these matters, we may be required to adjust our strategy or assets accordingly. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain this exclusion from registration for certain of our subsidiaries. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make certain investments, and these limitations could result in a subsidiary holding assets we might wish to sell or selling assets we might wish to hold. 
 
 We may hold a portion of our investments through partnerships, joint ventures, securitization vehicles or other entities with third-party investors. In connection with any such investment, and consistent with no-action letters and other guidance issued by the SEC staff addressing the classification of such investments for 1940 Act purposes, we generally intend to be active in the management and operation of any such entity and have the right to approve major decisions. We will not participate in joint ventures or similar arrangements in which we do not have or share control to the extent that we believe such participation would potentially threaten our ability to conduct our operations so that we comply with the 40 test or would otherwise potentially render any of our subsidiaries seeking to rely on Section 3(c)(5)(C) unable to rely on such exclusion. 
 
 It is possible that some of our subsidiaries may seek to rely on the 1940 Act exemption provided to certain structured financing vehicles by Rule 3a-7. Any such subsidiary would need to be structured to comply with any guidance that may be issued by the Division of Investment Management of the SEC on the restrictions contained in Rule 3a-7. In certain circumstances, compliance with Rule 3a-7 may require, among other things, that the indenture governing the subsidiary include limitations on the types of assets the subsidiary may sell or acquire out of the proceeds 
 45 
 
 of assets that mature, are refinanced or otherwise sold, on the period of time during which such transactions may occur, and on the level of transactions that may occur. We expect that the aggregate value of our interests in subsidiaries that may in the future seek to rely on Rule 3a-7, if any, will comprise less than 20 of our total assets on an unconsolidated basis. 
 
 We intend to conduct our operations so that we will not be deemed to be an investment company. However, if we were deemed to be an investment company, restrictions imposed by the 1940 Act, including limitations on our capital structure and our ability to transact with affiliates, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any change in the interpretive positions of the SEC or its staff with respect to Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 In general, the SEC staff takes the position that a qualifying real estate asset is an asset that represents an actual interest in real estate or is a loan or lien fully secured by real estate. The SEC staff also takes the position that an asset that can be viewed as being the functional equivalent of, and provide its holder with the same economic experience as, a direct investment in real estate (or in a loan or lien fully secured by real estate) may be considered to be a qualifying real estate asset for purposes of Section 3(c)(5)(C). On the other hand, the SEC staff generally takes the position that an asset is not a qualifying real estate asset for purposes of Section 3(c)(5)(C) if it is an interest in the nature of a security in another person engaged in the real estate business e.g. , fractionalized interests in individual or pooled mortgages). 
 The interpretive positions of the SEC or its staff may change. For example, on August 31, 2011, the SEC issued a concept release and request for comments regarding the exclusion provided by Section 3(c)(5)(C) (Release No. IC-29778) in which it contemplated the possibility of issuing new rules or providing new interpretations of the exemption that might, among other things, define the phrase liens on and other interests in real estate or consider sources of income in determining a company s primary business. To the extent the SEC staff publishes new or different guidance with respect to these matters, we may be required to adjust our strategy or assets accordingly. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain this exclusion from registration for certain of our subsidiaries. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make certain investments, and these limitations could result in a subsidiary holding assets we might wish to sell or selling assets we might wish to hold. 
 As a consequence of our seeking to avoid the need to register under the 1940 Act on an ongoing basis, we and/or our subsidiaries may be restricted from making certain investments or may structure investments in a manner that would be less advantageous to us than would be the case in the absence of such requirements. For example, these restrictions will limit the ability of our subsidiaries to invest directly in CMBS that represent less than the entire ownership in a pool of mortgage loans, debt and equity tranches of securitizations and certain asset-backed securities, and equity interests in real estate companies or in assets not related to real estate. Further, the mortgage-related investments that we acquire are limited by the provisions of the 1940 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We also may be required at times to adopt less efficient methods of financing certain of our mortgage-related investments, and we may be precluded from acquiring certain types of mortgage-related investments. Additionally, Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act prohibits us from issuing redeemable securities. If we fail to qualify for an exemption from registration as an investment company under the 1940 Act or an exclusion from the definition of an investment company, our ability to use leverage would be substantially reduced, and we would not be able to conduct our business as described in this report. 
 No assurance can be given that the SEC staff will concur with our classification of our or our subsidiaries assets or that the SEC staff will not, in the future, issue further guidance that may require us to reclassify those assets for purposes of qualifying for an exclusion or exemption from registration under the 1940 Act. To the extent that the SEC staff provides more specific guidance regarding any of the matters bearing upon the definition of investment company and the exclusions or exceptions to that definition, we may be required to adjust our investment strategies accordingly. 
 Additional guidance from the SEC staff could provide additional flexibility to us, or it could further inhibit our ability to pursue the investment strategies we have chosen. If the SEC or its staff take a position contrary to our view with respect to the characterization of any of the assets or securities we invest in, we may be deemed an unregistered 
 46 
 
 investment company. Therefore, in order not to be required to register as an investment company, we may need to dispose of a significant portion of our assets or securities or acquire significant other additional assets that may have lower returns than our expected portfolio, or we may need to modify our business plan to register as an investment company, which would result in significantly increased operating expenses and would likely entail significantly reducing our indebtedness, which could also require us to sell a significant portion of our assets, which would likely reduce our profitability. We cannot assure you that we would be able to complete these dispositions or acquisitions of assets, or deleveraging, on favorable terms, or at all. Consequently, any modification of our business plan could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 There can be no assurance that we and our subsidiaries will be able to successfully avoid operating as an unregistered investment company. If the SEC determined that we were an unregistered investment company, there would be a risk that we would be subject to monetary penalties and injunctive relief in an action brought by the SEC, that we would potentially be unable to enforce contracts with third parties and that third parties could seek to obtain rescission of transactions undertaken during the period for which it was established that we were an unregistered investment company. Any of these results would have a material adverse effect on us. Since we will not be subject to the 1940 Act, we will not be subject to its substantive provisions, including but not limited to, provisions requiring diversification of investments, limiting leverage and restricting investments in illiquid assets. 
 Rapid changes in the values of our other real estate-related investments may make it more difficult for us to maintain our qualification as a REIT or exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act. 
 If the market value or income potential of real estate-related investments declines as a result of increased interest rates, prepayment rates or other factors, we may need to increase our real estate investments and income and/or liquidate our non-qualifying assets in order to maintain our REIT qualification or exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act. If the decline in real estate asset values and/or income occurs quickly, this may be especially difficult to accomplish. This difficulty may be exacerbated by the illiquid nature of any non-qualifying assets that we may own. We may have to make investment decisions that we otherwise would not make absent the REIT and 1940 Act considerations, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to recover on claims against our directors and officers are limited, which could reduce your and our recovery against them if they negligently cause us to incur losses. 
 Maryland law permits us to include in our charter a provision limiting the liability of our directors and officers to us and our stockholders for money damages, except for liability resulting from (a) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or (b) active and deliberate dishonesty established by a final judgment and which is material to the cause of action. Our charter contains a provision which eliminates directors and officers liability to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. 
 In addition our charter obligates us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, to indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to: (a) any present or former director or officer who is made or threatened to be made a party to, or witness in, the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity; or (b) any individual who, while a director or officer of the Company and at our request, serves or has served as a director, officer, partner, member, manager, trustee, employee or agent of another corporation, real estate investment trust, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise and who is made or threatened to be made a party to, or witness in, the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity. 
 We also are permitted to purchase and maintain insurance or provide similar protection on behalf of any directors, officers, employees and agents, including our Manager and its affiliates, against any liability asserted which was incurred in any such capacity with us or arising out of that status. This may result in us having to expend significant funds, which will reduce the available cash for distribution to our stockholders. 
 47 
 
 Our charter contains provisions that are designed to reduce or eliminate duties of our non-employee directors with respect to corporate opportunities and competitive activities. 
 Our charter contains provisions designed to reduce or eliminate duties of our non-employee directors and any person our non-employee directors control to refrain from competing with us or to present to us business opportunities that otherwise may exist in the absence of such charter provisions. Under our charter, our non-employee directors or their affiliates will not be obligated to present to us opportunities unless those opportunities are expressly offered to such person in his or her capacity as a director of our company and those persons will be able to engage in competing activities without any restriction imposed as a result of their status as directors of our company. 
 Our charter contains provisions that make removal of our directors difficult, which could make it difficult for our stockholders to effect changes to our management or ownership. 
 Our charter provides that, subject to the rights of holders of one or more classes or series of preferred stock to elect or remove one or more directors, directors may be removed from office with or without cause, but only upon the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors; provided that consent of the Almanac Realty Investors business unit of NB Alternatives Advisor LLC Almanac shall also be required to remove any director that is a designee of Almanac. Vacancies on our Board, whether resulting from an increase in the number of directors or otherwise, will be filled by a majority vote of the remaining directors; provided that for so long as Almanac directly or indirectly owns 4.9 or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock and for so long as Fuyou Investment Management Limited Fuyou is an affiliate of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. Ping An and Fuyou, together with other affiliates of Ping An, owns 4.9 or more of the outstanding shares of common stock, respectively, if a vacancy on our Board occurs at any time with respect to any director that was designated for nomination by either Almanac or Fuyou, then a new designee of Almanac or Fuyou, as the case may be, will be nominated for election to serve, and will be elected, as a new director in accordance with our organizational documents. These requirements make it more difficult to change our management by removing and replacing directors and may prevent a change in control of the Company that is in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 Our charter does not permit any person to own more than (a) 9.6 , in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of our common stock, or (b) 9.6 in value of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of our common stock, and any attempt to acquire shares of our common stock or any of our common stock in excess of these ownership limits will not be effective without a prior exemption by our Board. 
 For us to qualify as a REIT under the Code, not more than 50 of the value of our outstanding stock may be owned directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals during the last half of a taxable year. Individuals for this purpose include natural persons, private foundations, some employee benefit plans and trusts, and some charitable trusts. For the purpose of preserving our qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, our charter prohibits beneficial or constructive ownership by any person of more than a certain percentage, currently 9.6 , in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of our common stock or more than a certain percentage, currently 9.6 , in value of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of our common stock. 
 The constructive ownership rules are complex and may cause shares of the outstanding common stock owned by a group of related individuals or entities to be deemed to be constructively owned by another individual or entity. As a result, the acquisition of less than 9.6 of our outstanding shares of common stock or our common stock by an individual or entity could cause another individual or entity to own constructively in excess of 9.6 of our outstanding shares of common stock or our common stock, respectively, and thus violate one of the ownership limits. Any attempt to own or transfer shares of our common stock in violation of the ownership limits without the consent of our Board will result in either (a) the transfer of the shares in question to a trust for the exclusive benefit of a charitable beneficiary, or (b) the transfer being void, with the ultimate determination depending on the circumstances surrounding the transfer in question. In either case, the purported transferee shall acquire no rights in any shares purported to be transferred in excess of the ownership limits. 
 
 48 
 
 The ownership limits may have the effect of precluding a change in control of us by a third-party, even if the change in control would be in the best interests of our stockholders or would result in receipt of a premium to the price of shares of our common stock (and even if the change in control would not reasonably jeopardize our REIT status). The exemptions to the ownership limit granted to date may limit our Board s power to increase the ownership limit or grant further exemptions in the future. 
 Our bylaws designate certain Maryland courts as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that Court does not have jurisdiction, the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland, Northern Division, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the following: any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, other than actions arising under U.S. federal securities laws; and any Internal Corporate Claim, as such term is defined in the MGCL, or any successor provision thereof, including, without limitation (i) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any of our present or former directors, officers or other employees to the corporation or to our stockholders; (ii) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our present or former directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL or our charter or bylaws; or (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our present or former directors, officers or other employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that the stockholder believes is favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our bylaws inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving these matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 In addition, our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any claim arising under the Securities Act. Although our bylaws contain the choice of forum provisions described above, it is possible that a court could rule that such provisions are inapplicable for a particular claim or action or that such provisions are unenforceable. For example, under the Securities Act, federal courts have concurrent jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act, and investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. In addition, the exclusive forum provisions described above do not apply to any actions brought under the Exchange Act. 
 Some provisions of our charter and bylaws and Maryland law may delay, deter or prevent takeover attempts, which may limit the opportunity of our stockholders to sell their shares at a favorable price. 
 Some of the provisions of Maryland law and our charter and bylaws discussed below could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us, even if doing so might be beneficial to our stockholders by providing them with the opportunity to sell their shares at a premium to the then current market price. 
 49 
 
 Issuance of Stock Without Stockholder Approval . Our charter authorizes our Board, without stockholder approval, to authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.01 par value per share, and up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.01 par value per share, of which 125 shares are classified as 12.5 Series A Redeemable Cumulative Preferred Stock. Our charter authorizes a majority of our entire Board, without stockholder approval, to amend our charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have authority to issue. In addition, our Board, without stockholder approval, may reclassify any unissued shares of our common stock or preferred stock and may set the preferences, conversions or other rights, voting powers and other terms of the classified or reclassified shares. The issuance of any preferred stock could materially and adversely affect the rights of holders of our common stock and, therefore, could reduce the market price of our common stock. In addition, specific rights granted to future holders of our preferred stock could be used to restrict our ability to merge with, or sell assets to, a third party. The power of our Board to cause us to issue preferred stock could, in certain circumstances, make it more difficult, delay, deter, prevent or make it more costly to acquire or effect a change in control that might involve a premium price for shares of our common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 Advance Notice Bylaw . Our bylaws contain advance notice procedures for the introduction by a stockholder of new business by a stockholder. These provisions could, in certain circumstances, discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect stockholder-nominated directors and to propose and, consequently, approve stockholder proposals opposed by management. 
 Certain Provisions of Maryland Law . Certain provisions of the MGCL may have the effect of inhibiting a third-party from acquiring us or of impeding a change of control under circumstances that otherwise could provide our stockholders with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of the shares, including: 
 business combination provisions that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between an interested stockholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our outstanding shares of voting stock or an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding stock of the corporation) or an affiliate of any interested stockholder and us for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, and thereafter imposes two super-majority stockholder voting requirements on these combinations; and 

control share provisions that provide that holders of control shares of our company (defined as voting shares of stock that, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned or controlled by the acquirer or in respect of which the acquirer is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquirer to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions) have no voting rights except to the extent approved by stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. 

Pursuant to the Maryland Business Combination Act, our Board adopted a resolution exempting any business combination with any other person, provided that the business combination is first approved by the Board. Consequently, the five-year prohibition and the supermajority vote requirements do not apply to business combinations between us and any person, provided that the business combination is first approved by the Board. As a result, any person may be able to enter into business combinations with us that may not be in the best interest of our stockholders, without compliance with the supermajority vote requirements and the other provisions of the statute. 
 As permitted by the MGCL, our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions of our stock. There can be no assurance that this provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 Additionally, Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL permits our Board, without stockholder approval and regardless of what currently is provided in our charter or bylaws, to implement certain takeover defenses, such as a classified board, some of which we do not have. 
 50 

U.S. Federal Income Tax Risks 
 Failure to maintain our qualification as a REIT would materially and adversely affect us and the market price of our common stock. 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2015. We believe that we have been organized and have operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code, and that our intended manner of operation will enable us to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT. We have not requested and do not plan to request a ruling from the IRS that we qualify as a REIT and cannot assure you that we so qualify. If we fail to qualify as a REIT or lose our REIT qualification, we will face serious tax consequences that would substantially reduce the funds available for distribution to our stockholders for each of the years involved because: 
 we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to our stockholders in computing our REIT taxable income and would be subject to regular U.S. federal corporate income tax; 

we also could be subject to increased state and local taxes; and 

unless we are entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions, we could not elect to be taxed as a REIT for four taxable years following the year during which we were disqualified. 

Any such corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce our cash available for, among other things, our operations and distributions to our stockholders. In addition, if we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we will not be required to pay dividends to our stockholders. As a result of all these factors, our failure to maintain our qualification as a REIT also could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, and would materially and adversely affect us and the market price of our common stock. Furthermore, we have from time to time owned direct or indirect interests in one or more entities that elected to be taxed as REITs under the Code. We refer to each such entity as a Subsidiary REIT. If a Subsidiary REIT failed to qualify as a REIT, then (i) the Subsidiary REIT would face the tax consequences described above, and (ii) the Subsidiary REIT s failure to qualify as a REIT could have an adverse effect on our ability to comply with the REIT income and asset tests, and thus could impair our ability to qualify as a REIT unless we could avail ourselves of certain relief provisions. 
 Even if we remain qualified as a REIT, we may face other tax liabilities that reduce our cash flow, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Even if we maintain our qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we may be subject to some federal, state and local income, property and excise taxes on our income or property, including taxes on any undistributed income, tax on income from some activities conducted as a result of a foreclosure and, in certain cases, a 100 penalty tax, in the event we sell property as a dealer. In addition, any TRSs that we own will be subject to tax as regular corporations in the jurisdictions in which they operate. 
 
 Complying with REIT requirements may force us to liquidate, restructure or forego otherwise attractive investments. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must ensure that we meet the REIT gross income tests annually and that, at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash items, government securities, stock in REITs and other qualifying real estate assets, including certain mortgage loans and certain kinds of MBS and debt instruments of publicly offered REITs. The remainder of our investments in securities (other than government securities and REIT qualified real estate assets) generally cannot include more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10 of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. In addition, in general, no more than 5 of the value of our assets (other than government securities and securities that are qualifying real estate assets) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, and no more than 20 of the value of our total securities can be represented by securities of one or more TRSs. If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a result, we may be required to liquidate from our portfolio, or contribute to a TRS, otherwise attractive investments, and may be unable to pursue investments that would be otherwise advantageous to us in order 
 51 
 
 to satisfy the income or asset requirements for qualifying as a REIT. These actions could have the effect of reducing our income and amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Liquidation of assets may jeopardize our REIT qualification or create additional tax liability for us. 
 To continue to qualify as a REIT, we must comply with requirements regarding our assets and our sources of income. If we are compelled to liquidate our investments to repay obligations to our lenders, we may be unable to comply with these requirements, ultimately jeopardizing our qualification as a REIT, or we may be subject to a 100 tax on any resultant gain if we sell assets that are treated as dealer property or inventory. 
 The failure of mortgage loans or CMBS subject to a repurchase agreement or a mezzanine loan to qualify as real estate assets would adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 When we enter into repurchase agreements, we will nominally sell certain of our assets to a counterparty and simultaneously enter into an agreement to repurchase the sold assets. We believe that we will be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the owner of the assets that are the subject of any of these agreements notwithstanding that these agreements may transfer record ownership of the assets to the counterparty during the term of the agreement. It is possible, however, that the IRS could assert that we did not own the assets during the term of the repurchase agreement, in which case we could fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 In addition, we may acquire and originate mezzanine loans, which are loans secured by equity interests in a partnership or limited liability company that directly or indirectly owns real property. In Revenue Procedure 2003-65, the IRS provided a safe harbor pursuant to which a mezzanine loan, if it meets each of the requirements, will be treated by the IRS as a real estate asset for purposes of the REIT asset tests, and interest derived from the mezzanine loan will be treated as qualifying mortgage interest for purposes of the REIT 75 gross income test. Although Revenue Procedure 2003-65 provides a safe harbor on which taxpayers may rely, it does not prescribe rules of substantive tax law. We may treat certain mezzanine loans that do not meet all of the requirements for reliance on this safe harbor as real estate assets giving rise to qualifying mortgage interest for purposes of the REIT asset and income requirements, or otherwise not adversely affecting our qualification as a REIT. There can be no assurance that the IRS will not challenge the tax treatment of these mezzanine loans, and if such a challenge were sustained, we could in certain circumstances be required to pay a penalty tax or fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 We may be required to report REIT taxable income for certain investments in excess of the economic income we ultimately realize from them. 
 We may acquire debt instruments in the secondary market for less than their face amount. The amount of the discount will generally be treated as market discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accrued market discount is reported as income when, and to the extent that, any payment of principal of the debt instrument is made, unless we elect to include accrued market discount in income as it accrues. Principal payments on certain loans are made monthly, and consequently accrued market discount may have to be included in income each month as if the debt instrument were assured of ultimately being collected in full. If we collect less on the debt instrument than our purchase price plus the market discount we previously reported as income, we may not be able to benefit from any offsetting loss deductions. 
 In addition, we may acquire distressed debt investments, or loans that become non-performing following our acquisition thereof, that are subsequently modified by agreement with the borrower. If the amendments to the outstanding debt are significant modifications under applicable Treasury Regulations, the modified debt may be considered to have been reissued to us at a gain in a debt-for-debt exchange with the borrower. In that event, we may be required to recognize taxable gain to the extent the principal amount of the modified debt exceeds our adjusted tax basis in the unmodified debt, even if the value of the debt or the payment expectations have not changed. 
 Moreover, some of the CMBS that we may acquire may have been issued with original issue discount, or OID. We will be required to report such OID based on a constant yield method and will be taxed based on the assumption that all future projected payments due on such CMBS will be made. If such CMBS turns out not to be fully collectible, an offsetting loss deduction will become available only in the later year that uncollectibility is provable. 
 52 
 
 Finally, in the event that any debt instrument that we acquire is delinquent as to mandatory principal and interest payments, or in the event payments with respect to a particular debt instrument are not made when due, we may nonetheless be required to continue to recognize the unpaid interest as REIT taxable income as it accrues, despite doubt as to its ultimate collectability. We may also be required to accrue interest income with respect to subordinate MBS at its stated rate regardless of whether corresponding cash payments are received or are ultimately collectable. In each case, while an offsetting loss deduction generally should be available to us when the interest was determined to be uncollectible, the utility of that deduction could depend on our having REIT taxable income in that later year or thereafter. 
 The taxable mortgage pool rules may increase the taxes that we or our stockholders may incur, and may limit the manner in which we effect future securitizations. 
 Securitizations by us or our subsidiaries could result in the creation of taxable mortgage pools, or TMPs, for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, we could have excess inclusion income. Certain categories of stockholders, such as non-U.S. stockholders eligible for treaty or other benefits, stockholders with net operating losses, and certain tax-exempt stockholders that are subject to unrelated business income tax, could be subject to increased taxes on a portion of their dividend income from us that is attributable to any excess inclusion income. In addition, to the extent that our common stock is owned by tax-exempt disqualified organizations, such as certain government-related entities and charitable remainder trusts that are not subject to tax on unrelated business taxable income, or UBTI, we may incur a corporate level tax on a portion of any excess inclusion income. Moreover, we could face limitations in selling equity interests in these securitizations to outside investors, or selling any debt securities issued in connection with these securitizations that might be considered to be equity interests for tax purposes. These limitations may prevent us from using certain techniques to maximize our returns from securitization transactions. 
 To maintain our REIT status, we may be forced to raise capital during unfavorable market conditions or pay dividends in the form of taxable stock distributions, and the unavailability of capital on favorable terms at the desired times, or at all, may cause us to curtail our investment activities and/or to dispose of assets at inopportune times, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we generally must distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income each year (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gains), and we will be subject to regular corporate income taxes to the extent that we distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and including net capital gains) each year. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions we pay in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85 of our ordinary income, 95 of our net capital gains, and 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. To maintain our REIT status and avoid the payment of federal income and excise taxes, we may need to raise capital to meet the REIT distribution requirements, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for raising capital. These capital needs could result from differences in timing between the actual receipt of income and inclusion of income for federal income tax purposes. For example, we may be required to accrue interest and discount income on mortgage loans, MBS, and other types of debt securities or interests in debt securities before we receive any payments of interest or principal on the assets. Our access to third-party sources of capital depends on a number of factors, including the market s perception of our growth potential, our current and potential leverage, our outstanding equity on an actual and fully diluted basis and our current and potential future results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition. We cannot assure you that we will have access to capital on favorable terms at the desired times, or at all, which may cause us to curtail our investment activities and/or to dispose of assets at inopportune times, which could materially and adversely affect us. Alternatively, we may make taxable in-kind distributions of our own stock, which may cause our stockholders to be required to pay income taxes with respect to such distributions in excess of any cash they receive, or we may be required to withhold taxes with respect to such distributions in excess of any cash our stockholders receive. 
 
 Dividends payable by REITs, including us, generally do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends, which may negatively affect the value of our common stock. 
 Qualified dividends payable to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates are generally subject to tax at preferential rates, currently at a maximum federal rate of 20 . Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the preferential tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income. However, U.S. 
 53 
 
 stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates generally may deduct up to 20 of the ordinary dividends (e.g., dividends not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income) received from a REIT for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2026. Although this deduction reduces the effective U.S. federal income tax rate applicable to certain dividends paid by REITs (generally to 29.6 assuming the stockholder is subject to the 37 maximum rate), such tax rate is still higher than the tax rate applicable to corporate dividends that constitute qualified dividend income. Accordingly, investors who are individuals, trusts and estates may perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could materially and adversely affect the value of the stock of REITs, including the per share trading price of our common stock. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively. 
 The REIT provisions of the Code may limit our ability to hedge our assets and operations. Under these provisions, any income that we generate from transactions intended to hedge our interest rate exposure or currency fluctuations will be excluded from gross income for purposes of the REIT 75 and 95 gross income tests if (A) the instrument hedges either (i) interest rate risk on liabilities used to carry or acquire real estate assets or (ii) currency fluctuations with respect to items of income that qualify for purposes of the REIT 75 or 95 gross income tests or assets that generate such income or (B) the transaction is entered into to hedge the income or loss from prior hedging transactions, where the property or indebtedness which was the subject of the prior hedging transaction was extinguished or disposed of, and, in any such case, such instrument is properly identified under applicable Treasury Regulations. Income from hedging transactions that do not meet these requirements will generally constitute nonqualifying income for purposes of both the REIT 75 and 95 gross income tests. As a result of these rules, we may have to limit our use of hedging techniques that might otherwise be advantageous or implement those hedges through a TRS. This could increase the cost of our hedging activities because our TRS would be subject to tax on gains, or expose us to greater risks associated with changes in interest rates than we would otherwise want to bear. In addition, losses in a TRS will generally not provide any tax benefit, except for being carried forward against future taxable income in such TRS. 
 The tax on prohibited transactions will limit our ability to engage in transactions, including certain methods of securitizing mortgage loans, that would be treated as sales for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 A REIT s net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100 tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, but including mortgage loans, held as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. We could be subject to this tax if we were to sell or securitize loans in a manner that was treated as a sale of the loans as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Therefore, in order to avoid the prohibited transactions tax, we may choose not to engage in certain sales of loans, other than through a TRS, and we may be required to limit the structures we use for securitization transactions, even though such sales or structures might otherwise be beneficial for us. 
 In connection with our acquisition of certain assets, we may rely on legal opinions or advice rendered or given or statements by the issuers of such assets, and the inaccuracy of any conclusions of such opinions, advice or statements may adversely affect our REIT qualification and result in significant corporate-level tax. 
 When purchasing securities, we may rely on opinions or advice of counsel for the issuer of the securities, or statements made in related offering documents, for purposes of determining whether the securities represent debt or equity securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and also to what extent those securities constitute qualifying real estate assets for purposes of the REIT asset tests and produce income which qualifies under the 75 and 95 REIT gross income tests. The inaccuracy of any these opinions, advice or statements may adversely affect our REIT qualification and result in significant corporate-level tax. 
 Legislative or other actions affecting REITs materially and adversely affect our stockholders and us. 
 The rules dealing with federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Changes to the tax laws, with or without retroactive application, could materially and adversely affect our stockholders and us. We cannot predict how changes in the tax 
 54 
 
 laws might affect our investors or us. New legislation, Treasury Regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences of such qualification, or the federal income tax consequences of an investment in us. Also, the law relating to the tax treatment of other entities, or an investment in other entities, could change, making an investment in other entities more attractive relative to an investment in a REIT. 
 General Risks 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had an adverse effect on us and may have a material adverse effect on us in the future and any other pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease in the markets in which we operate may have a material adverse effect on us in the future. 
 As the COVID-19 pandemic has evolved from its emergence in early 2020, so has its global impact. The ongoing pandemic state has affected global supply chains, the labor market, and inflation, which continue to impact many industries, including the collateral underlying certain of our loans. In response, the Federal Reserve began raising interest rates in 2022 and has indicated that it foresees further interest rate increases through 2023. The overall impact to the global economy will depend largely on the recovery of disrupted supply chains and industries, the extent of the labor market interruptions, the result of the Federal Reserves policies, and other government interventions. We have experienced and may experience negative impacts to our business as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic that could have significant adverse impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to security holders in a variety of ways that are difficult to predict. For example, the economic disruptions related to COVID-19 have resulted in significant market volatility, which we expect may lead to a decrease in prepayment rates and an increase in the number of our borrowers who exercise extension options or seek extensions outside of their existing agreements if certain conditions to exercising such extension options have not been achieved. In addition, the market volatility may negatively impact the market values of loans secured directly or indirectly by CRE assets, as well as our ability to finance our investments on attractive terms, or at all. The full extent of the impact and effects of the COVID-19 pandemic will depend on future developments, including, among other factors, the duration and the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic, including variants, potential resurgences of COVID-19, the impact of government interventions, uncertainty with respect to the duration or the severity of the global economic slowdown, and the performance or valuation outlook for CRE markets and certain property types. Additionally, the longer-term macro-economic effects of the pandemic continue to impact many industries, including those of certain of our borrowers, and the market turmoil and other changes associated with the pandemic may have lasting effects on our business and operations. In particular, the increase in remote working arrangements in response to the pandemic has contributed, and may further contribute, to a decline in commercial real estate values and reduced demand for commercial real estate compared to pre-pandemic levels, which may adversely impact certain of our borrowers and may persist even as the pandemic continues to subside. 
 If we fail to implement and maintain an effective system of internal control, we may not be able to accurately determine our financial results or prevent fraud, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. We may in the future discover areas of our internal controls that need improvement. We cannot be certain that we will be successful in implementing or maintaining an effective system of internal control over our financial reporting. Furthermore, as we grow our business, our internal controls will become more complex, and we will require significantly more resources to ensure our internal controls remain effective. Additionally, the existence of any material weakness or significant deficiency would require our Manager to devote significant time and us to incur significant expense to remediate any material weaknesses or significant deficiencies and our Manager may not be able to remediate any material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in a timely manner. The existence of any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting could also result in errors in our financial statements that could require us to restate our financial statements, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and cause stockholders to lose confidence in our financial results, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 The obligations associated with being a public company require significant resources and attention from our Manager s senior management team. 
 As a public company with listed equity securities, we will need to comply with new laws, regulations and requirements, including the requirements of the Exchange Act, certain corporate governance provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, related regulations of the SEC and requirements of the 
 55 
 
 NYSE. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. These reporting and other obligations place significant demands on our Manager s senior management team, administrative, operational and accounting resources and will cause us to incur significant expenses. We may need to upgrade our systems or create new systems, implement additional financial and other controls, reporting systems and procedures, and create or outsource an internal audit function. If we are unable to accomplish these objectives in a timely and effective fashion, our ability to comply with the financial reporting requirements and other rules that apply to reporting companies could be impaired. 
 The impact of any future terrorist attacks and the potential unavailability of affordable terrorism insurance expose us to certain risks. 
 Terrorist attacks, the anticipation of any such attacks, and the consequences of any military or other response by the U.S. and its allies may have an adverse impact on the U.S. financial markets and the economy in general. We cannot predict the severity of the effect that any such future events would have on the U.S. financial markets, the economy or our business. Any future terrorist attacks could adversely affect the credit quality of some of our investments. Some of our investments will be more susceptible to such adverse effects than others, particularly those secured by properties in major cities or properties that are, or are in close proximity to, prominent landmarks or public attractions. To the extent that protests, riots or other forms of civil unrest have a material adverse effect on our borrowers businesses or have the effect of decreasing demand for commercial real estate in such metropolitan areas, including as a result of a general decline in the desire to live, work in or travel to such metropolitan areas, the value of our investments, and our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. We may suffer losses as a result of the adverse impact of any future terrorist attacks or civil unrest and these losses may materially and adversely affect us. 
 In addition, the enactment of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002, or TRIA, requires insurers to make terrorism insurance available under their property and casualty insurance policies and provides federal compensation to insurers for insured losses. TRIA was reauthorized, with some adjustments to its provisions, in December 2019 for seven years through December 31, 2027. However, this legislation does not regulate the pricing of such insurance and there is no assurance that this legislation will be extended beyond 2027. The absence of affordable insurance coverage may adversely affect the general real estate lending market, lending volume and the market s overall liquidity and may reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities available to us and the pace at which we are able to make investments. If the properties that we invest in are unable to obtain affordable insurance coverage, the value of those investments could decline and in the event of an uninsured loss, we could lose all or a portion of our investment. 
 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. 
 The capital and credit markets have recently experienced a period of extreme volatility and disruption. The market price and liquidity of the market for shares of our common stock may be significantly affected by numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control and may not be directly related to our operating performance. 
 Some of the factors that could negatively affect the market price of our common stock include: 
 our actual or projected operating results, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity, or changes in investment strategy or prospects; 

actual or perceived conflicts of interest between us and our Manager or its affiliates or personnel; 

equity or equity-related issuances by us, or share resales by our stockholders, or the perception that such issuances or resales may occur; 

our inability to raise capital on attractive terms when needed, including the loss of one or more major financing sources; 

our inability to originate investments with attractive risk-adjusted returns; 

actual, anticipated or perceived accounting or internal control problems; 

publication of research reports about us, the CRE industry, CRE debt on transitional assets or interest rates; 

56 
 
 changes in market valuations of similar companies; 

adverse market reaction to any increased leverage we incur in the future; 

additions to or departures of key personnel of our Sponsor or its affiliates, including our Manager, or their key personnel; 

speculation in the press or investment community about us or other similar companies; 

changes in market interest rates, which may lead investors to demand a higher distribution yield for our common stock, if we have begun to pay dividends to our stockholders, and which could result in increased interest expenses on our debt; 

a compression of the yield on our investments and an increase in the cost of our liabilities; 

failure to maintain our REIT qualification and our exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act; 

price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 

a prolonged economic slowdown, a lengthy or severe recession or declining real estate values; 

general market and economic conditions, and trends including inflationary concerns and the current state of the credit and capital markets, and the impact of natural disasters, prolonged civil unrest, political instability or uncertainty, military activities, or broad-based sanctions, should they continue for the long term or escalate, global health crises, such as the outbreak of COVID-19, and other events on market and economic conditions; 

significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of securities of publicly-traded REITs or other companies in our sector, which are not necessarily related to the operating performance of these companies; 

changes in law, regulatory policies or tax guidelines, or interpretations thereof, particularly with respect to REITs; 

changes in the value of our portfolio; 

any shortfall in revenue or net income or any increase in losses from levels expected by investors or securities analysts; 

operating performance of companies comparable to us; 

level of competitive pressures from time to time; 

short-selling pressure with respect to shares of our common stock or commercial mortgage REITs generally; 

uncertainty surrounding the strength of the U.S. economic recovery; 

concerns regarding the high-yield debt market; and 

the other factors described under Risk Factors. 

As noted above, market factors unrelated to our performance could also negatively impact the market price of our common stock. One of the factors that investors may consider in deciding whether to buy or sell our common stock is our distribution rate as a percentage of our stock price relative to market interest rates. If market interest rates increase, prospective investors may demand a higher distribution rate or seek alternative investments paying higher dividends or interest. As a result, interest rate fluctuations and conditions in the capital markets can affect the market price of our common stock. For instance, if interest rates rise, it is likely that the market price of our common stock will decrease as market rates on interest-bearing securities increase. 
 57 
 
 Future offerings of debt or equity securities, which would rank senior to our common stock, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 If we decide to issue debt or equity securities in the future that would rank senior to our common stock, those securities generally will have a preference to our receipt of dividends and liquidation payments. It is likely that those securities will also be governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility. Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our common stock and those securities, as well as other equity securities we issue, may result in dilution to owners of our common stock. We and, indirectly, our stockholders, will bear the cost of issuing and servicing such securities. Because our decision to issue debt or equity securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, nature or success of our future offerings. Thus holders of our common stock will bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting the value of their stock holdings in us. 
 Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. Pr operties. 
 Our corporate headquarters office, which is leased by our manager s affiliate, is located at 60 Columbus Circle, 20 th Floor, New York, New York, 10023. We consider these facilities to be suitable and adequate for the management and operations of our business. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2022, we were not involved in any material legal proceedings. Refer to Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for information on our commitments and contingencies. 
 58 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safe ty Disclosures. 
 Not applicable 
 59 
 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stock holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 MARKET INFORMATION FOR COMMON STOCK, HOLDERS OF RECORD AND DIVIDEND POLICY 
 On November 3, 2021, our common stock began trading on the NYSE under the symbol CMTG. As of February 2, 2023, there were approximately 29 stockholders of record of our common stock. This does not include the number of stockholders that hold shares in street name through banks or broker-dealers. 
 We intend to pay regular quarterly dividends to our stockholders, although all future distributions will be declared and paid at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon cash generated by operating activities, our financial condition, capital requirements, annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code and such other factors as the Board of Directors deems relevant. 
 The following table sets forth the dividends declared during each calendar quarter for 2022, 2021, and 2020: 

First Quarter 

Second Quarter 

Third Quarter 

Fourth Quarter 

2022 Cash dividend 

0.37 

0.37 

0.37 

0.37 

2021 Cash dividend 

0.37 

0.37 

0.37 

0.37 

2020 Cash dividend 

0.43 

0.44 

0.37 

0.37 

RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES; USE OF PROCEEDS FROM REGISTERED SECURITIES 
 None. 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 We entered into an agreement (the 10b5-1 Purchase Plan with Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, pursuant to which Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, as our agent, has bought in the open market 25.0 million in shares of our common stock in the aggregate during the period beginning on December 6, 2021 and ending 12 months thereafter. 
 
 The following table presents information with respect to the repurchase of our common stock during period from December 6, 2021 through October 24, 2022 in thousands, except for share data and average price paid per share): 

Period 
 
 Total number of shares purchased 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan 

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan 

December 6, 2021 - October 24, 2022 

1,679,570 

14.88 

1,679,570 

Total 

1,679,570 

14.88 

1,679,570 

- 

EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 
 Our equity compensation plan information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 The information below shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, other than as provided in Item 201 of Regulation S-K, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, except to the extent we specifically request that such information be treated as soliciting material 
 60 
 
 or specifically incorporate it by reference into a filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The following graph is a comparison of the cumulative total stockholder return on shares of our common stock, the Russell 2000 Index (the Russell 2000 ), and the Bloomberg REIT Mortgage Index, a published industry index, from November 3, 2021 (the date our common stock began trading on the NYSE) to December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that 100 was invested on November 3, 2021 in our common stock, the Russell 2000 and the Bloomberg REIT Mortgage Index and that all dividends were reinvested without the payment of any commissions. There can be no assurance that the performance of our shares will continue in line with the same or similar trends depicted in the graph below. 

Item 6. [R eserved] 
 61 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical data, this discussion contains forward-looking statements about our business, operations and financial performance based on current expectations that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those in this discussion as a result of various factors, including but not limited to those discussed in Part 1. Item 1A, Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Introduction 
 We are a CRE finance company focused primarily on originating loans on transitional CRE assets located in major U.S. markets, including mortgage loans secured by a first priority or subordinate mortgage on transitional CRE assets, and subordinate loans including mezzanine loans secured by a pledge of equity ownership interests in the direct or indirect property owner rather than directly in the underlying commercial properties. These loans are subordinate to a mortgage loan but senior to the property owner s equity ownership interests. Transitional CRE assets are properties that require repositioning, renovation, rehabilitation, leasing, development or redevelopment or other value-added elements in order to maximize value. We believe our Sponsor s real estate development, ownership and operations experience and infrastructure differentiates us in lending on these transitional CRE assets. Our objective is to be a premier provider of debt capital for transitional CRE assets and, in doing so, to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders over time, primarily through dividends. We strive to create a diversified investment portfolio of CRE loans that we generally intend to hold to maturity. We focus primarily on originating loans ranging from 50 million to 300 million on transitional CRE assets located in major markets with attractive fundamental characteristics supported by macroeconomic tailwinds. 
 
 We were organized as a Maryland corporation on April 29, 2015 and commenced operations on August 25, 2015, and are traded on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, under the symbol CMTG . We have elected and believe we have qualified to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2015. We are externally managed and advised by our Manager, an investment adviser registered with the SEC pursuant to the Advisers Act. We operate our business in a manner that permits us to maintain our exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act. 
 I. Key Financial Measures and Indicators 
 As a CRE finance company, we believe the key financial measures and indicators for our business are net income per share, dividends declared per share, Distributable Earnings per share, Distributable Earnings excluding realized losses per share, book value per share, adjusted book value per share, Net Debt-to-Equity Ratio and Total Leverage Ratio. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income per share of 0.79, dividends declared per share of 1.48, Distributable Earnings per share of 1.38, and Distributable Earnings excluding realized losses per share of 1.47. As of December 31, 2022, our book value per share was 17.48, our adjusted book value per share was 18.20, our Net-Debt-to-Equity Ratio was 2.2x, and our Total Leverage Ratio was 2.6x. We use Net Debt-to-Equity Ratio and Total Leverage Ratio, financial measures which are not prepared in accordance with GAAP, to evaluate our financial leverage, which in the case of our Total Leverage Ratio, makes certain adjustments that we believe provide a more conservative measure of our financial condition. 
 62 
 
 Net Income Per Share and Dividends Declared Per Share 
 The following table sets forth the calculation of basic and diluted net (loss) income per share and dividends declared per share in thousands, except share and per share data): 

Three Months Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders 

(22,653) 

112,064 

170,537 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 

138,457,076 

139,306,311 

134,539,645 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share of common stock 

(0.17) 

0.79 

1.27 

Dividends declared per share of common stock 

0.37 

1.48 

1.48 

Distributable Earnings 
 
 Distributable Earnings is a non-GAAP measure used to evaluate our performance excluding the effects of certain transactions, non-cash items and GAAP adjustments, as determined by our Manager, that we believe are not necessarily indicative of our current performance and operations. Distributable Earnings is a non-GAAP measure, which we define as net income in accordance with GAAP, excluding (i) non-cash stock-based compensation expense (income), (ii) real estate depreciation and amortization, (iii) any unrealized gains or losses from mark-to-market valuation changes (other than permanent impairments) that are included in net income for the applicable period, (iv) one-time events pursuant to changes in GAAP and (v) certain non-cash items, which in the judgment of our Manager, should not be included in Distributable Earnings. Pursuant to the Management Agreement, we use Core Earnings, which is substantially the same as Distributable Earnings excluding incentive fees, to determine the incentive fees we pay our Manager. Distributable Earnings is substantially the same as Core Earnings, as defined in the Management Agreement, for the periods presented. 
 
 Distributable Earnings, and other similar measures, have historically been a useful indicator of a mortgage REITs ability to cover its dividends, and to mortgage REITs themselves in determining the amount of any dividends. Distributable Earnings is a key factor, among others, considered by the Board in setting the dividend and as such we believe Distributable Earnings is useful to investors. Accordingly, we believe providing Distributable Earnings on a supplemental basis to our net income as determined in accordance with GAAP is helpful to our stockholders in assessing the overall performance of our business. 
 
 We believe that Distributable Earnings provides meaningful information to consider in addition to our net income and cash flows from operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP. We believe Distributable Earnings helps us to evaluate our performance excluding the effects of certain transactions, non-cash items and GAAP adjustments, as determined by our Manager, that we believe are not necessarily indicative of our current performance and operations. Distributable Earnings does not represent net income or cash flows from operating activities and should not be considered as an alternative to GAAP net income, an indication of our cash flows from operating activities, a measure of our liquidity or an indication of funds available for our cash needs. In addition, our methodology for calculating Distributable Earnings may differ from the methodologies employed by other companies to calculate the same or similar supplemental performance measures and, accordingly, our reported Distributable Earnings may not be comparable to the Distributable Earnings reported by other companies. 
 
 While Distributable Earnings excludes the impact of our unrealized current provision for credit losses, loan losses are charged off and recognized through Distributable Earnings when deemed non-recoverable. Non-recoverability is determined (i) upon the resolution of a loan (i.e. when the loan is repaid, fully or partially, or in the case of foreclosure, when the underlying asset is sold), or (ii) with respect to any amount due under any loan, when such amount is determined to be non-collectible. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a 84.4 million increase in the CECL reserve, which has been excluded from Distributable Earnings. 
 
 63 
 
 In determining distributable earnings per share, the dilutive effect of unvested RSUs is considered. The weighted-average diluted shares outstanding used for Distributable Earnings has been adjusted from weighted-average diluted shares under GAAP to include unvested RSUs. 
 
 The table below summarizes the reconciliation from weighted-average diluted shares under GAAP to the weighted-average diluted shares used for Distributable Earnings: 

Weighted-Averages 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Diluted Shares - GAAP 

139,306,311 

134,539,645 

Unvested RSUs 

1,190,126 

- 

Diluted Shares - Distributable Earnings 

140,496,437 

134,539,645 

The following table provides a reconciliation of net (loss) income attributable to common stock to Distributable Earnings in thousands, except share and per share data): 

Three Months Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Net (loss) income attributable to common stock: 

(22,653) 

112,064 

170,537 

Adjustments: 

Non-cash stock-based compensation expense 

3,427 

7,457 

8,812 

Provision for (reversal of) current expected credit loss reserve 

71,377 

84,361 

(8,962) 

Gain on foreclosure of real estate owned 

(1,430) 

Other income 

(5,855) 

Depreciation expense 

2,039 

8,041 

7,113 

Unrealized gain on interest rate cap 

(429) 

(6,042) 

Distributable Earnings prior to principal charge-offs 

53,761 

205,881 

170,215 

Principal charge-offs 

(27) 

(11,527) 

(1,761) 

Distributable Earnings 

53,734 

194,354 

168,454 

Weighted average diluted shares - Distributable Earnings 

140,616,356 

140,496,437 

134,539,645 

Diluted Distributable Earnings per share prior to principal charge-offs 

0.38 

1.47 

1.27 

Diluted Distributable Earnings per share 

0.38 

1.38 

1.25 

Book Value Per Share 
 
 We believe that presenting book value per share adjusted for the general current expected credit loss reserve and accumulated depreciation is useful for investors as it enhances the comparability across the industry. We believe that our investors and lenders consider book value excluding these items as an important metric related to our overall capitalization. 
 64 
 
 The following table sets forth the calculation of our book value and our adjusted book value per share in thousands, except share and per share data): 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Total Stockholders Equity 

2,456,471 

2,604,267 

Non-controlling interest 

(37,636) 

Stockholders Equity, net of non-controlling interest 

2,456,471 

2,566,631 

Number of shares of common stock outstanding and RSUs 

140,542,274 

139,840,088 

Book Value per share (1) 

17.48 

18.35 

Add back: accumulated depreciation on real estate owned 

0.11 

0.05 

Add back: general CECL reserve 

0.61 

0.48 

Adjusted Book Value per share 

18.20 

18.88 

(1) Calculated as (i) total stockholders equity less non-controlling interest divided by (ii) number of shares of common stock outstanding and RSUs at period end. 

II. Our Portfolio 
 The below table summarizes our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022 in thousands): 

Weighted Average (3) 

Number of Loans 

Loan Commitment (1) 

Carrying Value (2) 

Yield to Maturity (4) 

Term to Fully Extended Maturity (in years) (5) 

LTV (6) 

Senior and subordinate loans 

77 

9,433,951 

7,428,774 

8.6 

3.2 

68.2 

(1) Loan commitment represents principal outstanding plus remaining unfunded loan commitments. 

(2) Net of specific CECL reserve of 60.3 million. 

(3) Weighted averages are based on unpaid principal balance. 

(4) All-in yield represents the weighted average annualized yield to initial maturity of each loan, inclusive of coupon, and fees received, based on the applicable floating benchmark rate/floors (if applicable), in place as of December 31, 2022. For loans placed on non-accrual, the annualized yield to initial maturity used in calculating the weighted average annualized yield to initial maturity is 0 . 

(5) Fully extended maturity assumes all extension options are exercised by the borrower upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions. 

(6) LTV represents loan-to-value or loan-to-cost , which is calculated as our total loan commitment from time to time, as if fully funded, plus any financings that are pari passu with or senior to our loan, divided by our estimate of either (1) the value of the underlying real estate, determined in accordance with our underwriting process (typically consistent with, if not less than, the value set forth in a third-party appraisal) or (2) the borrower s projected, fully funded cost basis in the asset, in each case as we deem appropriate for the relevant loan and other loans with similar characteristics. Underwritten values and projected costs should not be assumed to reflect our judgment of current market values or project costs, which may have changed materially since the date of origination. LTV is updated only in connection with a partial loan paydown and/or release of collateral, material changes to expected project costs, the receipt of a new appraisal (typically in connection with financing or refinancing activity) or a change in our loan commitment. Totals represent weighted average based on loan commitment, including non-consolidated senior interests and pari passu interests. Loans with specific CECL reserves are reflected as 100 LTV. 

Portfolio Activity and Overview 
 
 The following table summarizes changes in unpaid principal balance within our portfolio, for both our loans and for our interests in loans (i.e., loans in which we have acquired an interest in a loan for which the transferor did not account for the transaction as a sale under GAAP) in thousands): 
 65 

Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Loans Receivable 

Interests in Loans Receivable 

Total 

Loans Receivable 

Interests in Loans Receivable 

Total 

Unpaid principal balance, beginning of period 

7,380,506 

7,380,506 

6,441,238 

161,566 

6,602,804 

Initial funding of loans 

34,370 

34,370 

2,030,456 

2,030,456 

Advances on loans 

198,480 

198,480 

679,258 

17,080 

696,338 

Loan repayments 

(74,804) 

(74,804) 

(1,484,880) 

(178,646) 

(1,663,526) 

Principal charge-offs 

(27) 

(27) 

(11,527) 

(11,527) 

Sale of loans receivable 

(116,020) 

(116,020) 

Total net fundings/(payoffs) 

158,019 

158,019 

1,097,287 

(161,566) 

935,721 

Unpaid principal balance, end of period 

7,538,525 

7,538,525 

7,538,525 

7,538,525 

66 
 
 The following table details our loan investments individually based on unpaid principal balances as of December 31, 2022 in thousands): 

Loan Number 
 
 Loan type 
 
 Origination Date 
 
 Loan Commitment (1) 

Unpaid Principal Balance 

Carrying Value (2) 

Fully Extended Maturity (3) 
 
 Property Type 
 
 Construction (4) 
 
 Location 
 
 Risk Rating 

1 
 
 Senior 
 
 12/16/2021 

405,000 

399,499 

396,894 

6/16/2027 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 - 
 
 CA 
 
 3 

2 
 
 Senior 
 
 11/1/2019 

390,000 

390,000 

388,918 

11/1/2026 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 - 
 
 NY 
 
 3 

3 
 
 Senior 
 
 7/12/2018 

280,000 

280,000 

281,123 

8/1/2023 
 
 Hospitality 
 
 - 
 
 NY 
 
 3 

4 
 
 Senior 
 
 7/26/2021 

225,000 

224,079 

222,928 

7/26/2026 
 
 Hospitality 
 
 - 
 
 GA 
 
 3 

5 
 
 Senior 
 
 10/18/2019 

259,987 

221,605 

221,605 

10/18/2024 
 
 For Sale Condo 
 
 Y 
 
 CA 
 
 3 

6 
 
 Senior 
 
 10/4/2019 

252,057 

213,452 

213,113 

10/1/2025 
 
 Mixed-Use 
 
 Y 
 
 DC 
 
 3 

7 
 
 Senior 
 
 6/30/2022 

227,000 

211,222 

208,866 

6/30/2029 
 
 Hospitality 
 
 - 
 
 CA 
 
 3 

8 
 
 Senior 
 
 12/27/2018 

210,000 

208,797 

166,790 

2/1/2025 
 
 Mixed-Use 
 
 - 
 
 NY 
 
 5 

9 
 
 Senior 
 
 8/17/2022 

235,000 

207,941 

205,966 

8/17/2027 
 
 Hospitality 
 
 - 
 
 CA 
 
 3 

10 
 
 Senior 
 
 9/7/2018 

192,600 

192,600 

192,355 

10/18/2024 
 
 Land 
 
 - 
 
 NY 
 
 3 

11 
 
 Senior 
 
 2/15/2022 

262,500 

190,288 

188,100 

2/15/2027 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 Y 
 
 CA 
 
 3 

12 
 
 Senior 
 
 1/14/2022 

170,000 

170,000 

168,847 

1/14/2027 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 - 
 
 CO 
 
 3 

13 
 
 Senior 
 
 4/14/2022 

193,400 

166,700 

165,223 

4/14/2027 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 - 
 
 MI 
 
 3 

14 
 
 Senior 
 
 9/26/2019 

258,400 

163,955 

162,697 

9/26/2026 
 
 Office 
 
 - 
 
 GA 
 
 4 

15 
 
 Senior 
 
 9/20/2019 

225,000 

159,391 

157,832 

12/31/2025 
 
 For Sale Condo 
 
 Y 
 
 FL 
 
 3 

16 
 
 Senior 
 
 9/8/2022 

160,000 

151,509 

150,087 

9/8/2027 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 - 
 
 AZ 
 
 3 

17 
 
 Senior 
 
 2/28/2019 

150,000 

150,000 

149,938 

2/28/2024 
 
 Office 
 
 - 
 
 CT 
 
 3 

18 
 
 Senior 
 
 1/9/2018 

148,500 

148,500 

148,500 

1/9/2024 
 
 Hospitality 
 
 - 
 
 VA 
 
 4 

19 
 
 Senior 
 
 12/30/2021 

147,500 

147,500 

147,215 

12/30/2025 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 - 
 
 PA 
 
 3 

20 
 
 Senior 
 
 8/8/2019 

154,999 

138,749 

120,036 

8/8/2026 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 - 
 
 CA 
 
 5 

21 
 
 Senior 
 
 4/26/2022 

151,698 

133,059 

131,611 

4/26/2027 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 - 
 
 TX 
 
 3 

22 
 
 Senior 
 
 12/10/2021 

130,000 

130,000 

129,279 

12/10/2026 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 - 
 
 VA 
 
 3 

23 
 
 Subordinate 
 
 12/9/2021 

125,000 

125,000 

124,755 

1/1/2027 
 
 Office 
 
 - 
 
 IL 
 
 3 

24 
 
 Senior 
 
 9/24/2021 

127,535 

122,535 

121,712 

9/24/2028 
 
 Hospitality 
 
 - 
 
 TX 
 
 3 

25 
 
 Senior 
 
 9/30/2019 

122,500 

122,500 

122,373 

2/9/2027 
 
 Office 
 
 - 
 
 NY 
 
 3 

26 
 
 Senior 
 
 4/29/2019 

120,000 

119,510 

119,336 

4/29/2024 
 
 Mixed-Use 
 
 - 
 
 NY 
 
 3 

27 
 
 Senior 
 
 3/1/2022 

122,000 

118,600 

117,779 

2/28/2027 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 - 
 
 TX 
 
 3 

28 
 
 Senior 
 
 8/8/2022 

115,000 

115,000 

114,126 

8/8/2027 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 - 
 
 CO 
 
 3 

29 
 
 Senior 
 
 7/20/2021 

113,500 

113,500 

113,272 

7/20/2026 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 - 
 
 IL 
 
 3 

30 
 
 Senior 
 
 2/13/2020 

124,810 

112,442 

112,088 

2/13/2025 
 
 Office 
 
 - 
 
 CA 
 
 4 

31 
 
 Senior 
 
 6/17/2022 

127,250 

111,521 

110,146 

6/17/2027 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 - 
 
 TX 
 
 3 

32 
 
 Senior 
 
 6/7/2018 

104,250 

104,250 

105,343 

1/15/2022 
 
 Land 
 
 - 
 
 NY 
 
 4 

33 
 
 Senior 
 
 12/15/2021 

103,000 

103,000 

102,396 

12/15/2026 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 - 
 
 TN 
 
 3 

34 
 
 Senior 
 
 4/1/2020 

141,084 

97,774 

96,781 

4/1/2026 
 
 Office 
 
 Y 
 
 TN 
 
 3 

35 
 
 Senior 
 
 10/11/2017 

97,500 

97,500 

97,094 

10/31/2023 
 
 Hospitality 
 
 - 
 
 CA 
 
 3 

36 
 
 Senior 
 
 8/2/2021 

100,000 

96,710 

96,189 

8/2/2026 
 
 Office 
 
 - 
 
 CA 
 
 4 

37 
 
 Senior 
 
 1/27/2022 

100,800 

95,877 

95,216 

1/27/2027 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 - 
 
 NV 
 
 3 

38 
 
 Senior 
 
 3/31/2020 

87,750 

87,750 

87,750 

2/9/2025 
 
 Office 
 
 - 
 
 TX 
 
 4 

39 
 
 Senior 
 
 8/1/2022 

115,250 

78,500 

78,201 

7/30/2026 
 
 Hospitality 
 
 Y 
 
 NY 
 
 4 

40 
 
 Senior 
 
 7/10/2018 

76,369 

76,369 

74,169 

7/10/2025 
 
 Hospitality 
 
 - 
 
 CA 
 
 4 

41 
 
 Senior 
 
 4/5/2019 

75,500 

75,500 

75,452 

4/5/2024 
 
 Mixed-Use 
 
 - 
 
 NY 
 
 3 

42 
 
 Senior 
 
 12/14/2018 

75,000 

75,000 

75,000 

3/8/2023 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 - 
 
 DC 
 
 3 

43 
 
 Senior 
 
 7/27/2022 

76,000 

73,686 

73,211 

7/27/2027 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 - 
 
 UT 
 
 3 

44 
 
 Senior 
 
 3/22/2021 

148,303 

71,142 

70,199 

3/22/2026 
 
 Other 
 
 Y 
 
 MA 
 
 3 

45 
 
 Senior 
 
 8/27/2021 

84,810 

69,869 

69,298 

8/27/2026 
 
 Office 
 
 - 
 
 GA 
 
 4 

46 
 
 Senior 
 
 7/31/2019 

67,000 

67,000 

67,000 

1/30/2022 
 
 Land 
 
 - 
 
 NY 
 
 4 

47 
 
 Senior 
 
 12/22/2021 

76,350 

64,468 

63,907 

12/22/2026 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 - 
 
 TX 
 
 3 

48 
 
 Senior 
 
 11/2/2021 

77,115 

60,294 

59,669 

11/2/2026 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 Y 
 
 FL 
 
 3 

49 
 
 Senior 
 
 8/29/2018 

60,000 

60,000 

59,900 

8/31/2023 
 
 Hospitality 
 
 - 
 
 NY 
 
 3 

50 
 
 Senior 
 
 6/3/2021 

79,600 

58,829 

58,281 

6/3/2026 
 
 Other 
 
 - 
 
 MI 
 
 3 

51 
 
 Senior 
 
 1/19/2022 

73,677 

54,070 

53,487 

1/19/2027 
 
 Hospitality 
 
 - 
 
 TN 
 
 3 

52 
 
 Senior 
 
 1/10/2022 

130,461 

50,805 

49,506 

1/9/2027 
 
 Other 
 
 Y 
 
 PA 
 
 3 

53 
 
 Senior 
 
 3/15/2022 

53,300 

49,844 

49,459 

3/15/2027 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 - 
 
 AZ 
 
 3 

54 
 
 Senior 
 
 11/4/2022 

140,000 

40,086 

38,703 

11/9/2026 
 
 Other 
 
 Y 
 
 MA 
 
 3 

55 
 
 Senior 
 
 2/4/2022 

44,768 

38,002 

37,658 

2/4/2027 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 - 
 
 TX 
 
 3 

56 
 
 Senior 
 
 2/2/2022 

90,000 

35,104 

34,199 

2/2/2027 
 
 Office 
 
 Y 
 
 WA 
 
 3 

57 
 
 Senior 
 
 12/30/2021 

34,918 

34,918 

34,678 

12/30/2025 
 
 For Sale Condo 
 
 - 
 
 VA 
 
 3 

58 
 
 Subordinate 
 
 12/21/2018 

32,902 

32,902 

33,059 

6/21/2022 
 
 Land 
 
 - 
 
 NY 
 
 3 

59 
 
 Senior 
 
 4/18/2019 

30,000 

30,000 

29,950 

5/1/2023 
 
 Office 
 
 - 
 
 MA 
 
 3 

60 
 
 Senior 
 
 12/30/2021 

141,791 

29,643 

28,291 

12/30/2026 
 
 Mixed-use 
 
 Y 
 
 FL 
 
 3 

61 
 
 Subordinate 
 
 7/2/2021 

30,200 

28,861 

28,888 

7/2/2024 
 
 Land 
 
 - 
 
 FL 
 
 3 

62 
 
 Senior 
 
 11/24/2021 

60,255 

25,988 

25,403 

11/24/2026 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 Y 
 
 NV 
 
 3 

63 
 
 Senior 
 
 2/17/2022 

28,479 

24,525 

24,324 

2/17/2027 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 - 
 
 TX 
 
 3 

64 
 
 Senior 
 
 8/2/2019 

19,873 

19,873 

20,095 

2/2/2024 
 
 For Sale Condo 
 
 - 
 
 NY 
 
 3 

65 
 
 Senior 
 
 1/31/2022 

34,641 

18,736 

18,416 

1/31/2027 
 
 Other 
 
 Y 
 
 FL 
 
 3 

66 
 
 Senior 
 
 6/30/2022 

48,500 

16,753 

16,290 

6/30/2026 
 
 Other 
 
 Y 
 
 NV 
 
 3 

67 
 
 Senior 
 
 5/13/2022 

202,500 

14,640 

12,617 

5/13/2027 
 
 Mixed-Use 
 
 Y 
 
 VA 
 
 3 

68 
 
 Senior 
 
 10/13/2022 

106,500 

6,812 

5,749 

10/13/2026 
 
 Other 
 
 Y 
 
 NV 
 
 3 

69 
 
 Senior 
 
 1/4/2022 

32,795 

3,501 

3,177 

1/4/2027 
 
 Other 
 
 Y 
 
 GA 
 
 3 

70 
 
 Senior 
 
 7/1/2019 

3,500 

3,500 

3,500 

12/30/2020 
 
 Other 
 
 - 
 
 Other 
 
 5 

71 
 
 Senior 
 
 4/19/2022 

23,378 

2,856 

2,624 

4/19/2027 
 
 Other 
 
 Y 
 
 GA 
 
 3 

72 
 
 Senior 
 
 2/25/2022 

53,984 

1,723 

1,184 

2/25/2027 
 
 Other 
 
 Y 
 
 GA 
 
 3 

73 
 
 Senior 
 
 2/18/2022 

32,083 

1,352 

1,032 

2/18/2027 
 
 Other 
 
 Y 
 
 FL 
 
 3 

74 
 
 Subordinate 
 
 8/2/2018 

927 

927 

913 

7/9/2023 
 
 Other 
 
 - 
 
 NY 
 
 2 

75 
 
 Senior 
 
 4/19/2022 

24,245 

132 

(110) 
 
 4/19/2027 
 
 Other 
 
 Y 
 
 GA 
 
 3 

76 
 
 Senior 
 
 9/2/2022 

176,257 

- 

(1,763) 
 
 9/2/2027 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 Y 
 
 UT 
 
 3 

77 
 
 Senior 
 
 12/21/2022 

112,100 

- 

(1,121) 
 
 12/21/2027 
 
 Multifamily 
 
 Y 
 
 WA 
 
 3 

Total 

9,433,951 

7,538,525 

7,428,774 

General CECL reserve 

(68,347) 

Grand Total/Weighted Average 

9,433,951 

7,538,525 

7,360,427 

30.6 

3.2 

67 
 
 (1) Loan commitment represents principal outstanding plus remaining unfunded loan commitments. 

(2) Net of specific CECL reserve on applicable loans. 

(3) Fully extended maturity assumes all extension options are exercised by the borrower upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions. 

(4) Based on loan commitment as of December 31, 2022. 

Real Estate Owned, Net 
 On February 8, 2021, we acquired legal title to a portfolio of hotel properties located in New York, NY through a foreclosure. Prior to February 8, 2021, the hotel portfolio represented the collateral for the 103.9 million mezzanine loan that we held, which was in default as a result of the borrower failing to pay debt service. The hotel portfolio appears as real estate owned, net on our consolidated balance sheet and, as of December 31, 2022, was encumbered by a 290.0 million securitized senior mortgage, which is included as a liability on our consolidated balance sheet. Refer to Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 Asset Management 
 
 Our Manager proactively manages the loans in our portfolio from closing to final repayment and our Sponsor has dedicated asset management employees to perform asset management services. Following the closing of an investment, the asset management team rigorously monitors the loan, with an emphasis on ongoing financial, legal, market condition and quantitative analyses. Through the final repayment of a loan, the asset management team maintains regular contact with borrowers, servicers and local market experts monitoring performance of the collateral, anticipating borrower, property and market issues, and enforcing our rights and remedies when appropriate. 
 
 From time to time, some of our borrowers may experience delays in the execution of their business plans. As a transitional lender, we work with our borrowers to execute loan modifications which could include additional equity contributions from borrowers, repurposing of reserves, temporary deferrals of interest or principal, or partial deferral of coupon interest as payment-in-kind interest. We have completed a number of loan modifications to date, and we may continue to make additional modifications depending on the business plans, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations of our borrowers. 
 
 Our Manager reviews our loan portfolio at least quarterly, undertakes an assessment of the performance of each loan, and assigns it a risk rating between 1 and 5, from least risk to greatest risk, respectively. The weighted average risk rating of our total loan portfolio was 3.2 at December 31, 2022. 
 Current Expected Credit Losses 
 
 On January 1, 2021, we adopted ASU 2016-13, which implemented the CECL accounting model. Following adoption, we recorded a 78.3 million cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a principal charge-off of 11.5 million against a loan made to the personal estate of a former borrower. Prior to the charge-off, the loan had an unpaid principal balance of 15.0 million and a specific CECL reserve of 6.0 million, resulting in a carrying value of 9.0 million. Following the charge-off, the loan's carrying value is 3.5 million, which represents estimated collection. The loan is on non-accrual status and is in maturity default. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a net provision of 84.4 million for current expected credit losses. The total current expected credit loss reserve increased to 146.4 million as of December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to the increase in the size of our loan portfolio, worsening macroeconomic forecasts, and specific CECL reserves of 65.5 million related to three loans. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, we received principal repayments of 81.7 million on a senior loan with an unpaid principal balance of 95.0 million, and a maturity date of May 31, 2021, and recorded a principal charge-off of 1.8 million. Following the principal repayment in December 2021, the maturity date of the loan was extended to January 1, 2023. As of December 31, 2021, the loan had a specific CECL reserve of 0.3 million which represented 
 68 
 
 additional collectible interest through the maturity date. During the fourth quarter of 2022, this loan was repaid, resulting in a principal charge off of 27,000. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded a specific CECL reserve of 42.0 million in connection with a senior loan with an unpaid principal balance and carrying value prior to any specific CECL reserve of 208.8 million and an initial maturity date of February 1, 2023. As of December 31, 2021, the loan had a carrying value of 207.5 million. The loan is collateralized by a mixed-use building in New York, NY. As of December 31, 2022, this loan is on non-accrual status. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded a specific CECL reserve of 18.3 million in connection with a senior loan with an unpaid principal balance of 138.8 million, a carrying value prior to any specific CECL reserve of 138.3 million and an initial maturity date of August 8, 2024. As of December 31, 2021, the loan had a carrying value of 134.6 million. The loan is collateralized by a portfolio of multifamily properties located in San Francisco, CA. As of December 31, 2022, this loan is on non-accrual status. 
 Fair market values used to determine specific CECL reserves are calculated using a discounted cash flow model, a sales comparison approach, or a market capitalization approach. Estimates of fair market values include assumptions of property specific cash flows over estimated holding periods, discount rates approximating 6.0 , and market capitalization rates ranging from 4.5 to 6.0 . These assumptions are based upon the nature of the properties, recent sales and lease comparables, and anticipated real estate and capital market conditions. 
 
 Portfolio Financing 
 Our portfolio financing arrangements include repurchase facilities, asset-specific financing structures, mortgages on real estate owned and Secured Term Loan borrowings. 
 The following table summarizes our loan portfolio financing in thousands): 

December 31, 2022 

Capacity 

Borrowing Outstanding 

Weighted Average Spread (1) 

Repurchase agreements and term participation facility 

5,700,000 

4,012,818 

+ 2.25 

Repurchase agreements - Side Car 

271,171 

211,572 

+ 4.51 

Loan participations sold 

264,252 

264,252 

+ 3.68 

Notes payable 

495,934 

154,629 

+ 3.09 

Secured Term Loan 

755,090 

755,090 

+ 4.50 

Debt related to real estate owned 

290,000 

290,000 

+ 2.78 

Total / weighted average 

7,776,447 

5,688,361 

+ 2.75 

(1) Weighted average spread over the applicable benchmark rate is based on unpaid principal balance. One-month LIBOR and SOFR as of December 31, 2022 were 4.39 and 4.36 , respectively. Fixed rate loans are presented as a spread over the relevant floating benchmark rates. 

Refer to Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements for additional details on financings. 
 Repurchase Agreements and Term Participation Facility 
 
 We finance certain of our loans using repurchase facilities and term participation facilities. As of December 31, 2022, aggregate borrowings outstanding under our secured revolving repurchase and term participation facilities totaled 4.2 billion, with a weighted average coupon of one-month LIBOR or one-month term SOFR plus 2.4 per annum. All weighted averages are based on unpaid principal balance. As of December 31, 2022, outstanding borrowings under these facilities had a weighted average term to fully extended maturity (assuming we exercise all extension options and our counterparty agrees to such extension options) of 3.5 years. 
 
 69 
 
 Each of the repurchase facilities contains margin maintenance provisions, which are designed to allow the counterparty to require additional collateral to secure borrowings against assets that are determined to have experienced a diminution in value. Since inception through December 31, 2022, we have not received any margin calls under any of our repurchase facilities. The repurchase facility lender has the benefit of cross-collateralization across the loans in the facility. 
 
 Our term participation facility lender has the benefit of cross-collateralization across the loans in the facility. We present the loan participation sold as a liability on our consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022, four of our loans were financed through the term participation facility. 
 Loan Participations Sold 
 
 We finance certain investments via the sale of a participation in loans receivable that we own, and we present the loan participation sold as a liability on our consolidated balance sheet when such arrangement does not qualify as a sale under GAAP. In instances where we have multiple loan participations with the same lender, the financings are generally not cross-collateralized. Each of our loan participations sold is generally term-matched to its corresponding loan collateral. As of December 31, 2022, three of our loans were financed with loan participations sold. 
 Notes Payable 
 We finance certain investments on a term-matched basis, that is generally non-recourse. Such financings are collateralized by our loans receivable, which we refer to as notes payable. Each of our notes payable is generally term-matched to its corresponding loan collateral. As of December 31, 2022, six of our loans were financed with notes payable. 
 Secured Term Loan 
 
 We have a secured term loan of 755.1 million which we originally entered into on August 9, 2019. Our secured term loan is presented net of any original issue discount and transaction expenses which are deferred and recognized as a component of interest expense over the life of the loan using the effective interest method. 
 On December 2, 2021, we entered into a modification of our secured term loan which reduced the interest rate to the greater of (i) one-month term SOFR plus a 0.10 credit spread adjustment and (ii) 0.50 , plus a credit spread of 4.50 . The secured term loan matures on August 9, 2026. As of December 31, 2022, our secured term loan has an unpaid principal balance of 755.1 million and a carrying value of 736.9 million. 
 Debt Related to Real Estate Owned 
 
 On February 8, 2021 we assumed a 300.0 million securitized senior mortgage in connection with a Uniform Commercial Code foreclosure on a portfolio of seven limited service hotels located in New York, New York. In June 2021, we modified the securitized senior mortgage, which resulted in an extension of the contractual maturity date to February 9, 2024, a principal repayment of 10.0 million, and the payment of 7.6 million of fees and modification costs, among other items. The securitized senior mortgage is non-recourse to us. Our debt related to real estate owned as of December 31, 2022 has an unpaid principal balance of 290.0 million, a carrying value of 289.4 million and a stated rate of one-month LIBOR plus 2.78 , subject to a one-month LIBOR floor of 0.75 . See Derivatives below for further detail of our interest rate cap. 
 
 Derivatives 
 As part of the agreement to amend the terms of our debt related to real estate owned on June 2, 2021, we acquired an interest rate cap with a notional amount of 290.0 million and a maturity date of February 15, 2024 for 275,000. The fair value of the interest rate cap is 6.0 million at December 31, 2022. 
 The interest rate cap effectively limits the maximum interest rate of our debt related to real estate owned to 5.78 . Changes in the fair value of our interest rate cap are recorded as an unrealized gain or loss on interest rate cap 
 70 
 
 on our consolidated statements of operations and the fair value is recorded in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. Proceeds received from our counterparty related to the interest rate cap are recorded as proceeds from interest rate cap on our consolidated statements of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized approximately 495,000 as proceeds from interest rate cap. 
 
 Acquisition Facility 
 
 On June 29, 2022, we entered into a 150.0 million full recourse credit facility. The facility generally provides interim financing for eligible loans for up to 180 days at an initial advance rate of 75 , which begins to decline after the 90th day. The facility matures on June 29, 2025 and earns interest at a rate of one-month term SOFR, plus a 0.10 credit spread adjustment, plus a spread of 2.25 . With the consent of our lenders, and subject to certain conditions, the commitment of the facility may be increased up to 500.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the facility is 0. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all financial covenants under our financings. 
 Non-Consolidated Senior Interests Sold and Non-Consolidated Senior Interests Held by Third Parties 
 In certain instances, we use structural leverage through the non-recourse syndication of a match-term senior loan interest to a third party which qualifies for sale accounting under GAAP, or through the acquisition of a subordinate loan for which a non-recourse senior interest is retained by a third party. In such instances, the senior loan is not included on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 The following table summarizes our non-consolidated senior interests and related retained subordinate interests as of December 31, 2022 in thousands): 

Non-Consolidated Senior Interests 
 
 Loan Count 

Loan Commitment 

Unpaid Principal Balance 

Carrying Value 

Weighted Average Spread (1)(2) 

Term to Fully Extended Maturity (in years) (3) 

Floating rate non-consolidated senior loans 

2 

111,000 

108,642 

N/A 

+ 5.04 

0.8 

Retained floating rate subordinate loans 

2 

63,102 

61,763 

61,947 

+ 11.55 

0.7 

Fixed rate non-consolidated senior loans 

2 

861,073 

859,660 

N/A 

3.47 

3.9 

Retained fixed rate subordinate loans 

2 

125,927 

125,927 

125,668 

8.49 

4.0 

(1) Non-consolidated senior interests are indexed to one-month LIBOR, which was 4.39 at December 31, 2022. 

(2) Weighted average is based on unpaid principal balance. 

(3) Term to fully extended maturity is determined based on the maximum maturity of each of the corresponding loans, assuming all extension options are exercised by the borrower; provided, however, that our loans may be repaid prior to such date. 

Floating and Fixed Rate Portfolio 
 
 Our business model seeks to minimize our exposure to changing interest rates by originating floating rate loans and as much as possible, match-funding the duration of our financing of such loans and using the same benchmark indices, typically one-month LIBOR or one-month term SOFR. As of December 31, 2022, 98.0 of our loans based on unpaid principal balance were floating rate and the majority of our floating rate loans were financed with liabilities that require interest payments based on floating rates also determined by reference to one-month LIBOR or one-month term SOFR plus a spread, which resulted in approximately 1.7 billion of net floating rate exposure. 
 The following table details our net floating rate exposure as of December 31, 2022 in thousands): 
 
 71 

Net Floating Rate Exposure (1) 

Floating rate assets 

7,389,225 

Floating rate liabilities 

(5,668,361) 

Net floating rate exposure 

1,720,864 

(1) Our floating rate loans and related liabilities are all indexed to one-month LIBOR or one-month term SOFR. One-month LIBOR and one-month term SOFR as of December 31, 2022 were 4.39 and 4.36 , respectively. Amounts include loans on non-accrual status. 

LIBOR and certain other floating rate benchmark indices to which our floating rate loans and other loan agreements are tied to, are the subject of recent national, international and regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. On March 5, 2021, the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom, or the FCA, which regulates. LIBOR s administrator, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, or IBA, announced that all LIBOR tenors relevant to us will cease to be published or will no longer be representative after June 30, 2023 (and that all other LIBOR tenors will cease to be published or will no longer be representative either after December 31, 2021, or after June 30, 2023). The U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions, has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, a new index calculated using short-term repurchase agreements backed by Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for USD LIBOR. 
 
 Our agreements generally allow for a new interest rate index to be used if LIBOR is no longer available. We have begun and expect to continue to utilize alternative rates referenced in our agreements or negotiate a replacement reference rate for LIBOR. 
 
 We have an interest rate cap with a notional amount of 290.0 million and a maturity date of February 15, 2024 on our debt related to real estate owned. The interest rate cap effectively limits the maximum interest rate of our debt related to real estate owned to 5.78 . We have not employed other interest rate derivatives (interest rate swaps, caps, collars or swaptions) to hedge our loan portfolio s cash flow or fair value exposure to increases in interest rates, but we may do so in the future. 
 
 Refer to Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk LIBOR Transition below for additional information. 
 72 
 
 Results of Operations Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Operating Results 
 The following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands, except per share data): 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Change 

Change 

Revenue 

Interest and related income 

470,668 

415,263 

55,405 

13 

Less: interest and related expense 

246,937 

180,589 

66,348 

37 

Net interest income 

223,731 

234,674 

(10,943) 

-5 

Revenue from real estate owned 

63,470 

27,984 

35,486 

127 

Total revenue 

287,201 

262,658 

24,543 

9 

Expenses 

Management fees - affiliate 

39,461 

39,135 

326 

1 

General and administrative expenses 

18,686 

12,591 

6,095 

48 

Stock-based compensation expense 

7,457 

8,812 

(1,355) 

-15 

Real estate owned: 

Operating expenses 

41,982 

25,081 

16,901 

67 

Interest expense 

14,170 

15,643 

(1,473) 

-9 

Depreciation 

8,041 

7,113 

928 

13 

Total expenses 

129,797 

108,375 

21,422 

20 

Realized gain (loss) on sale of loan 

30,090 

(141) 

30,231 

21440 

Proceeds from interest rate cap 

495 

495 

100 

Unrealized gain on interest rate cap 

6,042 

6,042 

100 

Gain on foreclosure of real estate owned 

1,430 

(1,430) 

-100 

Income from equity method investment 

2,485 

2,485 

100 

Other income 

5,855 

(5,855) 

-100 

(Provision for) reversal of current expected credit loss reserve 

(84,361) 

8,962 

(93,323) 

-1041 

Net income 

112,155 

170,389 

(58,234) 

-34 

Net income (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interests 

91 

(164) 

255 

155 

Net income attributable to preferred stock 

16 

(16) 

-100 

Net income attributable to common stock 

112,064 

170,537 

(58,473) 

-34 

Net income per share of common stock: 

Basic and diluted 

0.79 

1.27 

(0.48) 

-38 

Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Revenue 
 Revenue increased 24.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to an increase in revenue from real estate owned of 35.5 million due to improved travel and demand at the hotel portfolio in 2022. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in net interest income of 10.9 million for the comparative period, which was driven by an increase in interest expense of 66.3 million, as a result of increased borrowing levels and reference rate increases, offset in part by an increase in interest income of 55.4 million as a result of an increased loans receivable balance and average reference rate increases over the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Expenses 
 Expenses are primarily comprised of base management fees payable to our Manager, general and administrative expenses, stock-based compensation expense, operating expenses from real estate owned, interest expense from debt 
 73 
 
 related to real estate owned, and depreciation on real estate owned. Expenses increased by 21.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to: 
 (i) an increase in operating expenses from real estate owned of 16.9 million during the comparative period, due to increased variable operating expenses in connection with higher occupancy levels at the hotel portfolio during the comparative period; 
 (ii) an increase in general and administrative expenses of 6.0 million during the comparative period, due primarily to an increase in general operating expenses incurred in connection with becoming a public company as of November 3, 2021; 
 (iii) offset by a decrease in interest expense on debt related to real estate owned of 1.5 million primarily as a result of additional interest expense on debt related to real estate owned incurred in connection with the modification of debt during 2021, offset in part by the reference rate increases and the debt related to real estate owned being outstanding for longer during 2022. 
 
 Realized gain on sale of loan 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we realized a gain on the sale of a loan of 30.1 million, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 where we realized a loss on the sale of a loan of 0.2 million. 
 
 Proceeds from interest rate cap 
 
 Proceeds from interest rate cap was 0.5 million higher during the comparative period due to LIBOR exceeding our interest rate cap's 3 strike price during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 Unrealized gain on interest rate cap 
 
 Unrealized gain on interest rate cap was 6.0 million higher during the comparative period due to the recognition of a 6.0 million increase in the fair value of the interest rate cap during 2022 as a result of rising interest rates. 
 
 Gain on foreclosure of real estate owned 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized a gain of 1.4 million on the foreclosure of a portfolio of seven limited-service hotel properties located in New York, New York. This gain is based upon the estimated fair value of the hotel properties of 414.0 million as determined by a third-party appraisal, and our assumption of working capital and debt related to real estate owned, relative to our basis in the investment at the time of foreclosure. The fair value was determined using discount rates ranging from 8.50 to 8.75 and a terminal capitalization rate of 6.00 on projected net operating profits on the hotels. 
 
 Income from equity method investment 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized income from our equity method investment of 2.5 million as a result of us accounting for our investment in CMTG/TT as an equity method investment commencing in the third quarter of 2022. We did not hold any investments accounted for under the equity method during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Other Income 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, 292,731 fully-vested time-based RSU awards were forfeited prior to their delivery pursuant to the terms of the RSU award documents, resulting in us reversing previously recognized compensation expense associated with these RSU awards. 
 
 (Provision for) reversal of current expected credit loss reserve 
 
 The provision for current expected credit loss reserves was 72.8 million higher than the provision for current expected credit loss reserves during the comparative period, due to additional specific CECL reserves of 65.5 million 
 74 
 
 relating to three loans. Additional reserves of 18.8 million incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 relate to the increase in the size of the portfolio and worsening macroeconomic forecasts. 
 
 See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 in our Form 10-K, which is accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov, for a comparison of year ended December 2021 and 2020. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Capitalization 
 We have capitalized our business to date primarily through the issuance of shares of our common stock and borrowings under our secured financings and our Secured Term Loan. As of December 31, 2022, we had 138,376,144 shares of our common stock outstanding, representing 2.5 billion of stockholders equity and we also had 5.7 billion of outstanding borrowings under our secured financings, our Secured Term Loan, our debt related to real estate owned, and our acquisition facility. As of December 31, 2022, our secured financings consisted of six secured revolving repurchase facilities for loan investments with capacity of 5.0 billion and an outstanding balance of 4.0 billion, a term participation facility with capacity of 1.0 billion and an outstanding balance of 257.5 million, nine asset-specific financings for loan investments with capacity 760.2 million and an outstanding balance of 418.9 million and an acquisition facility with a capacity of 150.0 million and no outstanding balance. As of December 31, 2022, our Secured Term Loan had an outstanding balance of 755.1 million and our debt related to real estate owned had an outstanding balance of 290.0 million. 
 Net Debt-to-Equity Ratio and Total Leverage Ratio 
 Net Debt-to-Equity Ratio and Total Leverage Ratio are non-GAAP measures that we use to evaluate our financial leverage, which in the case of our Total Leverage Ratio, makes certain adjustments that we believe provide a more conservative measure of our financial condition. 
 Net Debt-to-Equity Ratio is calculated as the ratio of asset specific debt (repurchase agreements, loan participations sold, net, notes payable, net, term participation facility, and debt related to real estate owned, net) and secured term loan, less cash and cash equivalents to total equity. 
 Total Leverage Ratio is similar to Net Debt-to-Equity Ratio, however it includes non-consolidated senior interests sold and non-consolidated senior interests held by third parties. Non-consolidated senior interests sold and non-consolidated senior interests held by third parties, as applicable, are secured by the same collateral as our loan and are structurally senior in repayment priority relative to our loan. We believe the inclusion of non-consolidated senior interests sold and non-consolidated senior interests held by third parties provides a meaningful measure of our financial leverage. 
 The following table presents our Net Debt-to-Equity Ratios and Total Leverage Ratios as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands): 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Asset specific debt 

4,927,098 

3,995,061 

Secured term loan, net 

736,853 

739,762 

Total debt 

5,663,951 

4,734,823 

Less: cash and cash equivalents 

(306,456) 

(310,194) 

Net Debt 

5,357,495 

4,424,629 

Total Stockholders Equity 

2,456,471 

2,604,267 

Net Debt-to-Equity Ratio 
 
 2.2x 

1.7x 

Non-consolidated senior loans 

968,302 

1,063,939 

Total Leverage 

6,325,797 

5,488,568 

Total Leverage Ratio 
 
 2.6x 

2.1x 

75 

Sources of Liquidity 
 Our primary sources of liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, interest income from our loans, loan repayments, available borrowings under our secured revolving repurchase facilities and identified borrowing capacity related to our notes payable and loan participations sold, borrowings under our Secured Term Loan, and proceeds from the issuance of our common stock. The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our sources of available liquidity in thousands): 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Cash and cash equivalents 

306,456 

310,194 

Loan principal payments held by servicer (1) 

67,100 

Approved and undrawn credit capacity 

213,113 

19,283 

Total sources of liquidity 

519,569 

396,577 

(1) Represents loan principal payments held in lockboxes or by our third-party loan servicer as of the balance sheet date which were remitted to us during the subsequent remittance cycle, net of the related secured debt balance. 

We have 364.8 million unpaid principal balance of unencumbered loans at December 31, 2022. Our ability to finance certain of these unencumbered loans is subject to pledging additional collateral that is subsequently approved by our financing counterparty. 
 Liquidity Needs 
 In addition to our ongoing loan origination and acquisition activity, our primary liquidity needs include future fundings to our borrowers on our unfunded loan commitments, interest and principal payments on outstanding borrowings under our financings, operating expenses and dividend payments to our stockholders necessary to satisfy REIT dividend requirements. Additionally, our financing, repurchase and term loan agreements require us to maintain minimum levels of liquidity in order to satisfy certain financial covenants. We currently maintain, and seek to maintain, excess cash and liquidity to comply with minimum liquidity requirements under our financings, and if necessary, to reduce borrowings under our secured financings, including our repurchase agreements. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had aggregate unfunded loan commitments of 1.9 billion which comprise funding for capital expenditures and construction, leasing costs, and interest and carry costs, and their funding will vary depending on the progress of capital projects, leasing, and cash flows at the properties securing our loans. Therefore, the exact timing and amounts of such future loan fundings are uncertain and will depend on the current and future performance of the underlying collateral assets. We expect to fund our loan commitments over the remaining maximum term of the related loans, which have a weighted-average future funding period of 4.0 years. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Our contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2022 were as follows in thousands): 

Payment Timing 

Total Obligations 

Less than 1 year 

1 to 3 years 

3 to 5 years 

More than 5 years 

Unfunded loan commitments (1) 

1,895,426 

928,960 

839,712 

126,754 

Secured financings, term loan agreement, and debt related to real estate owned principal and interest (2,3) 

6,861,002 

776,113 

2,939,815 

3,145,074 

Total 

8,756,428 

1,705,073 

3,779,527 

3,271,828 

76 
 
 (1) The allocation of our unfunded loan commitments is based on the earlier of our expected funding date and the commitment expiration date. As of December 31, 2022, we have 1.2 billion of expected or in-place financings to fund our remaining loan commitments. 

(2) The allocation of our secured financings and term loan agreement is based on the earlier of the fully extended maturity date of each individual borrowing or the maximum maturity date under the respective agreement, and assumes two loans with aggregate borrowings outstanding of 75.2 million that are in maturity default have an extended maturity date in 2023. 

(3) Amounts include the related future interest payment obligations, which are estimated by assuming the amounts outstanding under our secured financing agreements and one-month LIBOR or one-month term SOFR in effect as of December 31, 2022 will remain constant into the future. This is only an estimate, as actual amounts borrowed and rates will vary over time. Our floating rate loans and related liabilities are indexed to one-month LIBOR or one-month SOFR. Totals exclude non-consolidated senior interests. 

We are required to pay our Manager, in cash, a base management fee and incentive fees (to the extent earned) on a quarterly basis in arrears. The tables above do not include the amounts payable to our Manager under the Management Agreement as they are not fixed and determinable. 
 As a REIT, we generally must distribute substantially all of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains, to stockholders in the form of dividends to comply with certain of the provisions of the Code. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement but distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our undistributed REIT taxable income. Our REIT taxable income does not necessarily equal our net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP or our Distributable Earnings as described previously. 
 Loan Maturities 
 The following table summarizes the future scheduled repayments of principal based on fully-extended maturity dates for the loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022 in thousands): 

Year 
 
 Unpaid Principal Balance (1) 

Loan Commitment (1) 

2023 

543,427 

543,427 

2024 

956,449 

996,660 

2025 

1,040,619 

1,158,404 

2026 

1,980,151 

2,694,457 

2027 

2,476,470 

3,478,816 

Thereafter 

333,757 

354,535 

Total 

7,330,873 

9,226,299 

(1) Excludes 207.7 million in principal balance of loans that are in maturity default. 

Cash Flows 
 The following table provides a breakdown of the net change in our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands): 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Net cash flows provided by operating activities 

111,028 

213,557 

Net cash flows used in investing activities 

(773,302) 

(373,196) 

Net cash flows provided by financing activities 

676,297 

62,801 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

14,023 

(96,838) 

We experienced a net increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash of 14.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a net decrease of 96.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 77 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made initial fundings of 2.0 billion of new loans and 602.3 million of advances on existing loans and made repayments on financings arrangements of 1.3 billion. We received 2.2 billion of proceeds from borrowings under our financing arrangements, received 1.7 billion from loan repayments and received 132.2 million of sales proceeds. 
 Income Taxes 
 We have elected and believe we have qualified to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, commencing with our initial taxable year ended December 31, 2015. We generally must distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gain, to maintain our REIT status. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our undistributed REIT taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we pay (or are treated as paying) out to our stockholders in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under U.S. federal tax laws. Our real estate owned is held in a TRS. Our TRS is not consolidated for U.S. federal income tax purposes and is taxed separately as a corporation. For financial reporting purposes, a provision or benefit for current and deferred taxes is established for the portion of earnings or expense recognized by us with respect to our TRS. 
 Our qualification as a REIT also depends on our ability to meet various other requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Code, which relate to organizational structure, diversity of stock ownership and certain restrictions with regard to the nature of our assets and the sources of our income. Even if we qualify as a REIT, we may be subject to certain U.S. federal income and excise taxes and state and local taxes on our income and assets. If we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT for any taxable year, we may be subject to material penalties as well as federal, state and local income tax on our REIT taxable income at regular corporate rates and we would not be able to qualify as a REIT for the subsequent four full taxable years. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all REIT requirements. 
 Refer to Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information about our income taxes. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires our Manager to make estimates, judgements and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. We believe that all of the decisions and estimates are reasonable, based upon the information available to us. We believe that the following accounting policies are those most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 
 Refer to Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for a description of our significant accounting policies. 
 
 Current Expected Credit Losses 
 The current expected credit loss CECL reserve required under ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments Credit Losses Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments (Topic 326) ASU 2016-13 ), reflects our current estimate of potential credit losses related to our loan portfolio. The initial CECL reserve recorded on January 1, 2021 was reflected as a direct charge to retained earnings on our consolidated statements of changes in stockholders equity. Subsequent changes to the CECL reserve are recognized through a provision for or reversal of current expected credit loss reserve on our consolidated statements of operations. ASU 2016-13 specifies the reserve should be based on relevant information about past events, including historical loss experience, current portfolio, market conditions and reasonable and supportable macroeconomic forecasts for the duration of each loan. 
 
 78 
 
 For our loan portfolio, we perform a quantitative assessment of the impact of CECL using the Weighted Average Remaining Maturity, or WARM, method. The application of the WARM method to estimate a general CECL reserve requires judgment, including the appropriate historical loan loss reference data, the expected timing and amount of future loan fundings and repayments, the current credit quality of our portfolio, and our expectations of performance and market conditions over the relevant time period. 
 
 The WARM method requires us to reference historical loan loss data from a comparable data set and apply such loss rate to each of our loans over their expected remaining term, taking into consideration expected economic conditions over the forecasted timeframe. Our general CECL reserve reflects our forecast of the current and future macroeconomic conditions that impact the performance of the commercial real estate assets securing our loans and the borrower's ultimate ability to repay. These estimates include unemployment rates, price indices for commercial properties, and market liquidity, all of which may influence the likelihood and magnitude of potential credit losses for our loans during their anticipated term. Additionally, further adjustments may be made based upon loan positions senior to ours, the risk rating of a loan, whether a loan is a construction loan, or economic conditions specific to the property type of a loan's underlying collateral. 
 
 To estimate an annual historical loss rate, we obtained historical loss rate data for loans most comparable to our loan portfolio from a commercial mortgage backed securities database licensed by a third party, Trepp, LLC which contains historical loss rates from January 1, 1999 through December 31, 2022. 
 
 When evaluating the current and future macroeconomic environment, we consider the aforementioned macroeconomic factors. Historical data for each metric is compared to historical commercial real estate loan losses in order to determine the relationship between the two variables. We use projections of each macroeconomic factor, obtained from a third party, to approximate the impact the macroeconomic outlook may have on our loss rate. Selections of these economic forecasts require judgement about future events that, while based on the information available to us as of the balance sheet date, are ultimately unknowable with certainty, and the actual economic conditions could vary significantly from the estimates we made. Following a reasonable and supportable forecast period, we use a straight-line method of reverting to the historical loss rate. Additionally, we assess the obligation to extend credit through our unfunded loan commitments over each loan s contractual period, adjusted for projected fundings from interest reserves if applicable, which is considered in the estimate of the general CECL reserve. For both the funded and unfunded portions of our loans, we consider our internal risk rating of each loan as the primary credit quality indicator underlying our assessment. 
 
 In certain circumstances we may determine that a loan is no longer suited for the WARM method due to its unique risk characteristics, where we have deemed the borrower/sponsor to be experiencing financial difficulty and the repayment of the loan s principal is collateral-dependent. We may instead elect to employ different methods to estimate loan losses that also conform to ASU 2016-13 and related guidance. 
 For such loan we would measure the specific reserve of each loan separately by using the fair value of the collateral or the net present value of its expected future cash flows. If the fair value of the collateral is less than the carrying value of the loan, an asset-specific reserve is created as a component of our overall current expected credit loss reserve (following the adoption of CECL, or as a loan loss reserve prior to the adoption of CECL). Specific reserves are equal to the excess of a loan s carrying value to the net present value of its expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective rate or the fair value of the collateral, less estimated costs to sell, if recovery of our investment is expected from the sale of the collateral. 
 If we have determined that a loan or a portion of a loan is uncollectible, we will write-off the loan through an adjustment to our current expected credit loss reserve based on the net present value of expected future cash flows or the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell, if repayment is expected from the sale of the collateral. Significant judgment is required in determining impairment and in estimating the resulting credit loss reserve, and actual losses, if any, could materially differ from those estimates. 
 Real estate owned, net 
 We may assume legal title or physical possession of the underlying collateral of a defaulted loan through foreclosure. Foreclosed real estate owned, net is initially recorded at estimated fair value and is presented net of accumulated depreciation and impairment charges and the assets and liabilities are presented separately when legal title or physical possession is assumed. If the fair value of the real estate is lower than the carrying value of the loan, 
 79 
 
 the difference, along with any previously recorded specific CECL reserves, are recorded as a realized loss on investments in the consolidated statement of operations. Conversely, if the fair value of the real estate is greater than the carrying value of the loan, the difference, along with any previously recorded specific CECL reserves, are recorded as a realized gain on investments in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 Acquisition of real estate is accounted for using the acquisition method under Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. We recognize and measure identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree, if applicable, based on their relative fair values. If applicable, we recognize and measure intangible assets and expense acquisition-related costs in the periods in which the costs are incurred and the services are received. 
 
 Real estate assets that are acquired for investment are assumed at their estimated fair value at acquisition and presented net of accumulated depreciation and impairment charges, if any. Upon acquisition, we allocate the value of acquired real estate assets based on the fair value of the acquired land, building, furniture, fixtures and equipment, and intangible assets, if applicable. Real estate assets are depreciated using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives ranging from 5 to 40 years. 
 
 Real estate assets are evaluated for indicators of impairment on a quarterly basis. Factors that we may consider in our impairment analysis include, among others: (1) significant underperformance relative to historical or anticipated operating results; (2) significant negative industry or economic trends; (3) costs necessary to extend the life or improve the real estate asset; (4) significant increase in competition; and (5) ability to hold and dispose of the real estate asset in the ordinary course of business. A real estate asset is considered impaired when the sum of estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the real estate asset over the estimated remaining holding period is less than the carrying amount of such real estate asset. Cash flows include operating cash flows net of anticipated capital proceeds generated by the real estate asset. If the sum of such estimated cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the real estate, an impairment charge is recorded equal to the excess of the carrying value of the real estate asset over the fair value. 
 
 When determining the fair value of a real estate asset, we make certain assumptions including, but not limited to, consideration of projected operating cash flows, comparable selling prices and projected cash flows from the eventual disposition of the real estate asset based upon our estimate of a capitalization rate and discount rate. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitati ve Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Rising interest rates will generally increase our net interest income, while declining interest rates will generally decrease our net interest income. 
 During 2022, the Federal Reserve began a campaign to combat inflation by increasing interest rates by a total of 4.25 throughout the year. In January 2023, the Federal Reserve raised rates another 0.25 and signaled further increases in coming quarters. Higher interest rates imposed by the Federal Reserve may increase our interest expense and may impact the ability of our borrowers to service our debt. 
 The following table illustrates the impact on our interest income and interest expense for the twelve-month period following December 31, 2022, assuming a decrease in LIBOR or SOFR of 50 and 100 basis points and an increase in LIBOR or SOFR of 50 and 100 basis points in the applicable interest rate benchmark (based on one-month LIBOR of 4.39 and one-month term SOFR of 4.36 as of December 31, 2022) in thousands, except per share data): 

Decrease 

Increase 

Assets (Liabilities) Subject to Interest Rate Sensitivity 

Change in 
 
 100 Basis Points 

50 Basis Points 

50 Basis Points 

100 Basis Points 

1,720,864 

Net interest income 

(15,963) 

(7,982) 

7,982 

15,963 

Net interest income per share 

(0.11) 

(0.06) 

0.06 

0.11 

80 
 
 LIBOR Transition 
 On March 5, 2021, the Financial Conduct Authority of the U.K. (the FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, announced (the FCA Announcement that all relevant LIBOR tenors will cease to be published or will no longer be representative after June 30, 2023. The FCA Announcement coincides with the March 5, 2021 announcement of LIBOR s administrator, the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (the IBA ), indicating that, as a result of not having access to input data necessary to calculate relevant LIBOR tenors on a representative basis after June 30, 2023, the IBA would have to cease publication of such LIBOR tenors immediately after the last publication on June 30, 2023. Further, on March 15, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2022, which includes the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, was signed into law in the United States. This legislation establishes a uniform benchmark replacement process for financial contracts maturing after June 30, 2023 that do not contain clearly defined or practicable fallback provisions. The legislation also creates a safe harbor that shields lenders from litigation if they choose to utilize a replacement rate recommended by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve. 
 The United States Federal Reserve has also advised banks to cease entering into new contracts that use USD LIBOR as a reference rate. The Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rate Committee, a committee convened by the Federal Reserve that includes major market participants, has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR. There are significant differences between LIBOR and SOFR, such as LIBOR being an unsecured lending rate while SOFR is a secured lending rate, and SOFR is an overnight rate while LIBOR reflects term rates at different maturities. If our LIBOR-based borrowings are converted to SOFR, the differences between LIBOR and SOFR, could result in higher interest costs for us, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Although SOFR is the ARRC s recommended replacement rate, it is also possible that lenders may instead choose alternative replacement rates that may differ from LIBOR in ways similar to SOFR or in other ways that would result in higher interest costs for us. We cannot predict the effect of the decision not to sustain LIBOR, or the potential transition to SOFR or another alternative reference rate as LIBOR s replacement. 
 Credit Risk 
 Our loans and other investments are also subject to credit risk, including the risk of default. In particular, changes in general economic conditions will affect the creditworthiness of borrowers and/or the value of underlying real estate collateral relating to our investments. By its very nature, our investment strategy emphasizes prudent risk management and capital preservation by primarily originating senior loans utilizing underwriting techniques resulting in relatively conservative loan-to-value ratio levels to insulate us from loan losses absent a significant diminution in collateral value. In addition, we seek to manage credit risk through performance of extensive due diligence on our collateral, borrower and guarantors, as applicable, that evaluates, among other things, title, environmental and physical condition of collateral, comparable sales and leasing analysis of similar collateral, the quality of and alternative uses for the real estate collateral being underwritten, submarket trends, our borrower s track record and the reasonableness of the borrower s projections prior to originating a loan. Subsequent to loan origination, we also manage credit risk through proactive investment monitoring and, whenever possible, limiting our own leverage to partial recourse or non-recourse, match-funding financing. Notwithstanding these efforts, there can be no assurance that we will be able to avoid losses in all circumstances. The performance and value of our loans and investments depend upon the borrower s ability to improve and operate the properties that serve as our collateral so that they produce cash flows adequate to pay interest and principal due to us. To monitor this risk, our Sponsor s asset management team monitors the performance of our loan portfolio and our Sponsor s asset management and origination teams maintain regular contact with borrowers, co-lenders and local market experts to monitor the performance of the underlying loan collateral, anticipate borrower, property and market issues and, to the extent necessary or appropriate, enforce our rights as the lender. 
 In addition, we are exposed to the risks generally associated with the CRE market, including variances in occupancy rates, capitalization rates, absorption rates and other macroeconomic factors beyond our control. We seek to manage these risks through our underwriting, loan structuring, financing structuring and asset management processes. 
 In the event that we are forced to foreclose, our broader Sponsor platform includes professionals experienced in CRE development, ownership, property management and asset management which enables us to execute the workout of a troubled loan and protect investors capital in a way that we believe many non-traditional lenders cannot. 
 81 
 
 Capital Markets Risks 
 We are exposed to risks related to the equity and debt capital markets and our related ability to raise capital through the issuance of our common stock or other debt or equity-related instruments. As a REIT, we are required to distribute a significant portion of our REIT taxable income annually, which constrains our ability to retain and accumulate operating earnings and therefore requires us to utilize debt or equity capital to finance the growth of our business. We seek to mitigate these risks by monitoring the debt and equity capital markets, the maturity profile of our in-place loan portfolio related to secured financings, and future loan funding requirements to inform our decisions on the amount, timing and terms of capital we raise. 
 Each of the repurchase facilities involves margin maintenance provisions, which are designed to allow the repurchase lender to maintain a certain margin of credit enhancement against the loan assets which serve as collateral. A substantial deterioration in the commercial real estate capital markets may negatively impact the value of assets pledge to lenders that have margin maintenance provisions in their facilities. The lender s margin amount is typically based on a percentage of the market value of the loan asset and/or mortgaged property collateral. However, certain of our repurchase facilities permit valuation adjustments solely as a result of collateral-specific credit events, while other repurchase facilities contain provisions also allowing our lenders to make margin calls or require additional collateral upon the occurrence of adverse changes in the markets or interest rate or spread fluctuations, subject to minimum thresholds, among other factors. As of December 31, 2022 we have not received any margin calls under any of our repurchase facilities. 
 Prepayment Risk 
 Prepayment risk is the risk that principal will be repaid prior to initial maturity, which may require us to identify new investment opportunities to deploy such capital at a similar rate of return in order to avoid an overall reduction in our net interest income. We may structure our loans with spread maintenance, minimum multiples and make-whole provisions to protect against early repayment. Typically, investments are structured with the equivalent of 12 to 24 months spread maintenance or a minimum level of income that an investment is contractually obligated to return. In general, an increase in prepayment rates accelerates the accretion of deferred income, including origination fees and exit fees, which increases interest income earned on the asset during the period of repayment. Conversely, if capital that is repaid is not subsequently redeployed into investment opportunities generating a similar return, future periods may experience reduced net interest income. 
 Repayment / Extension Risk 
 Loans are expected to be repaid at maturity, unless the borrower repays early or meets contractual conditions to qualify for a maturity extension. However, in the case of a loan maturity extension, we are often entitled to extension fees, principal paydowns and/or spread increases. Our Manager computes the projected weighted average life of our assets based on the initial and fully extended scheduled maturity dates of loans in our portfolio. Higher interest rates imposed by the Federal Reserve may lead to an increase in the number of our borrowers who exercise extension options, which could extend beyond the term of certain secured financing agreements we use to finance our loan investments. This could have a negative impact on our results of operations, and in some situations, we may be forced to sell assets to maintain adequate liquidity, which could cause us to incur losses. 
 Counterparty Risk 
 The nature of our business requires us to hold cash and cash equivalents and obtain financing from various financial institutions. This exposes us to the risk that these financial institutions may not fulfill their obligations to us under these various contractual arrangements. We mitigate this exposure by depositing our cash and cash equivalents and entering into financing agreements with high credit-quality institutions. 
 The nature of our loans and other investments also exposes us to the risk that our loan counterparties are unable to execute their business plans, and as a result do not make required interest and principal payments on scheduled due dates, as well as the impact of our borrowers tenants not making scheduled rent payments when contractually due. We seek to manage this risk through a comprehensive credit analysis prior to making an investment and rigorous monitoring of our borrowers progress in executing their business plans as well as market conditions that may affect the underlying collateral, through our asset management process. Each loan is structured with various lender 
 82 
 
 protections that are designed to prevent fraudulent behavior or other bad acts by borrowers, as well as require borrowers to adhere to their stated business plans while the loan is outstanding. Such protections may include, without limitation: cash management accounts, bad boy carveout guarantees, completion guarantees, guarantor minimum net worth and liquidity requirements, approval rights over major decisions, and performance tests throughout the loan term. 
 Our relationships with our repurchase agreement providers subject us to counterparty risks in the event a counterparty is unable to fund its undrawn credit capacity, particularly in the event of a counterparty s bankruptcy. We seek to manage this risk by diversifying our financing sources across counterparties and financing types. 
 Currency Risk 
 To date, we have made no loans and hold no assets or liabilities denominated or payable in foreign currencies, although we may do so in the future. 
 We may in the future hold assets denominated or payable in foreign currencies, which would expose us to foreign currency risk. As a result, a change in foreign currency exchange rates may have a positive or an adverse impact on the valuation of our assets, as well as our income and dividends. Any such changes in foreign currency exchange rates may impact the measurement of such assets or income for the purposes of our REIT tests and may affect the amounts available for payment of dividends to our stockholders. 
 Although not required, if applicable, we may hedge any currency exposures in a prudent manner. However, such currency hedging strategies may not eliminate all of our currency risk due to, among other things, uncertainties in the timing and/or amount of payments received on the related investments and/or unequal, inaccurate or unavailability of hedges to perfectly offset changes in future exchange rates. Additionally, we may be required under certain circumstances to collateralize our currency hedges for the benefit of the hedge counterparty, which could adversely affect our liquidity. 
 Real Estate Risk 
 The market values of loans secured directly or indirectly by CRE assets are subject to volatility and may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic discussed above, national, regional, local and foreign economic conditions (which may be adversely affected by industry slowdowns and other factors); regional or local real estate conditions; changes or continued weakness in specific industry segments; construction quality, age and design; demographic factors; changes to building or similar codes and regulatory requirements (such as rent control); and changes in real property tax rates. In addition, decreases in property values reduce the value of the loan collateral and the potential proceeds available to a borrower to repay the underlying loans, which could also cause us to suffer losses. We seek to manage these risks through our underwriting, loan structuring, financing structuring and asset management processes. 
 Financing Risk 
 We finance our business through a variety of means, including the syndication of non-consolidated senior interests, notes payable, borrowings under our repurchase facilities, the syndication of pari passu portions of our loans, the syndication of senior participations in our originated senior loans, and our secured term loan. Over time, as market conditions change, we may use other forms of financing in addition to these methods of financing. Weakness or volatility in the debt capital markets, the CRE and mortgage markets, changes in regulatory requirements, and the economy generally, in particular as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and recent rapid increase in interest rates that central banks are using to combat inflation could adversely affect one or more of our lenders or potential lenders and could cause one or more of our lenders or potential lenders to be unwilling or unable to provide us with financing or to increase the costs of that financing or otherwise offer unattractive terms for that financing. In addition, we may seek to finance our business through the issuance of our common stock or other equity or equity-related instruments, though there is no assurance that such financing will be available on a timely basis with attractive terms, or at all. 
 83 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDA TED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F- 8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F- 10 

Schedule IV - Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 
 
 F- 44 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registe red Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of changes in stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedule as of December 31, 2022 listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for credit losses in 2021. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 F- 2 

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 General Current Expected Credit Loss Reserve - Loan Risk Ratings 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s general current expected credit loss (CECL) reserve was 86.1 million on loans receivable held-for-investment and unfunded loan commitments of 9.1 billion as of December 31, 2022. Management arrives at their general CECL reserve using the Weighted Average Remaining Maturity, or WARM method. The application of the WARM method to estimate a general CECL reserve requires judgment, including the appropriate historical loan loss reference data, the expected timing and amount of future loan fundings and repayments, the current credit quality of the portfolio, and management s expectations of performance and market conditions over the relevant time period. Management evaluates the credit quality of each of the loans receivable on an individual basis and assigns a risk rating at least quarterly. Management developed a loan grading system for all outstanding loans receivable that are collateralized directly or indirectly by real estate. Grading criteria include as-is or as-stabilized debt yield, term of loan, property type, property or collateral location, loan type and other more subjective variables that include, as-is or as-stabilized collateral value, market conditions, industry conditions and sponsor s financial stability. Management utilizes the grading system to determine each loan s risk of loss and to provide a determination as to whether an individual loan is impaired and whether a specific CECL reserve is necessary. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the loan risk ratings used in the determination of the general CECL reserve is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management in evaluating the credit quality and assigning the loan risk ratings , used in estimating the general CECL reserve and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management s significant judgments in evaluating the credit quality and assigning the loan risk ratings. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s evaluation of the credit quality and assignment of a loan risk rating to each loan which is used in estimating the general CECL reserve. These procedures also included, among others, testing management s process for evaluating the credit quality and assigning the loan risk ratings used in estimating the general CECL reserve. Testing management s process included (i) evaluating the appropriateness of management s loan grading criteria and evaluating the reasonableness of the loan risk ratings applied which involved considering 
 F- 3 

leasing trends, property financial statements, and other evidence utilized by management to support their conclusions, and (ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in assigning loan risk ratings. 
 
 Specific Current Expected Credit Loss Reserve 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s specific current expected credit loss (CECL) reserve was 60.3 million on loans receivable held-for-investment of 347.6 million as of December 31, 2022. In certain circumstances, management may determine that a loan is no longer suited for the WARM method due to its unique risk characteristics, where management has deemed the borrower/sponsor to be experiencing financial difficulty and the repayment of the loan s principal is collateral-dependent. Management may instead elect to employ different methods to estimate loan losses that also conform to ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses, and related guidance. For such loans, management would measure the specific reserve of each loan separately by using the fair value of the collateral or the net present value of its expected future cash flows. Specific reserves are equal to the excess of a loan s carrying value to the net present value of its expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective rate or the fair value of the collateral, less estimated costs to sell, if recovery of the investment is expected from the sale of the collateral. The fair market value used to determine specific CECL reserves was calculated using a discounted cash flow model, a sales comparison approach, or a market capitalization approach. This included assumptions of property - specific cash flows over estimated holding periods, discount rates, and market capitalization rates. These assumptions are based upon the nature of the properties, recent sales and lease comparables, and anticipated real estate and capital market conditions. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the specific CECL reserve is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management in estimating the fair value of the collateral used in measuring the specific CECL reserve; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s market capitalization rate assumption; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the specific CECL reserve, including controls over the assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the collateral. These procedures also included, among others, testing management s process for estimating the fair value of the collateral used in measuring the specific CECL reserve. Testing management s process included (i) the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation methods and evaluating the reasonableness of the market capitalization rate assumption and (ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the valuation methods. 

/s/ 
 
 February 16, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 
 F- 4 

Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated B alance Sheets 
 in thousands, except share data) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Loan principal payments held by servicer 

- 

Loans receivable held-for-investment 

Less: current expected credit loss reserve 

() 

() 

Loans receivable held-for-investment, net 

Equity method investment 

- 

Interests in loans receivable held-for-investment, net 

- 

Real estate owned, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Repurchase agreements 

Term participation facility 

- 

Loan participations sold, net 

Notes payable, net 

Secured term loan, net 

Debt related to real estate owned, net 

Other liabilities 

Dividends payable 

Management fee payable - affiliate 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies - Note 14 

Stockholders' Equity 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. equity 

Non-controlling interests 

- 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 

Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Operations 
 in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

Revenue 

Interest and related income 

Less: interest and related expense 

Net interest income 

Revenue from real estate owned 

- 

Total revenue 

Expenses 

Management fees - affiliate 

Incentive fees - affiliate 

- 

- 

General and administrative expenses 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Real estate owned: 

Operating expenses 

- 

Interest expense 

- 

Depreciation 

- 

Total expenses 

Realized gain (loss) on sale of loan 

() 

() 

Proceeds from interest rate cap 

- 

- 

Unrealized gain on interest rate cap 

- 

- 

Gain on foreclosure of real estate owned 

- 

- 

Income from equity method investment 

- 

- 

Other income 

- 

- 

(Provision for) reversal of current expected credit loss reserve 

() 

() 

Net income 

Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 

() 

Net income attributable to preferred stock 

- 

Net income attributable to common stock 

Net income per share of common stock: 

Basic and diluted 

Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 

Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 in thousands, except share data) 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Shares 

Par Value 

Shares 

Par Value 

Repurchased Shares 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Non-controlling Interests 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Redeemable Common Stock 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

Issuance of common stock 

Redemption of preferred stock 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Contributions from non-controlling interests 

Offering costs 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends declared 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions to non-controlling interests 

() 

() 

Accretion of redeemable common stock 

() 

() 

Net income 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

Adoption of ASU 2016-13 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock 

Redemption of preferred stock 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Repurchased shares 

() 

() 

() 

Contributions from non-controlling interests 

Offering costs 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends declared 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Accretion of redeemable common stock 

() 

() 

Conversion of temporary equity to permanent equity 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

- 

() 

() 

Repurchased shares 

() 

() 

() 

Contributions from non-controlling interests 

Offering costs 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Dividends declared 

() 

() 

Net income 

Deconsolidation of subsidiary 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

- 

() 

() 

- 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 7 

Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 
 in thousands) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Accretion of origination fees on loans receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Accretion of origination fees on interests in loans receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of financing costs 

Non-cash stock-based compensation expense 

Other income 

- 

() 

- 

Depreciation on real estate owned 

- 

Unrealized gain on interest rate cap 

() 

- 

- 

Income from equity method investment 

() 

- 

- 

Distribution from equity method investment 

- 

- 

Realized gain on sale of loan 

() 

Gain on foreclosure of real estate owned 

- 

() 

- 

Non-cash advances on loans receivable in lieu of interest 

() 

() 

() 

Non-cash advances on interests in loans receivable in lieu of interest 

() 

() 

() 

Non-cash advances on secured financings in lieu of interest 

Repayment of non-cash advances on loans receivable in lieu of interest 

Repayment of non-cash advances on interests in loans receivable in lieu of interest 

Repayment of non-cash advances on secured financings in lieu of interest 

- 

() 

() 

Provision for (reversal of) current expected credit loss reserve 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Other assets 

() 

() 

Other liabilities 

Management fee payable - affiliate 

() 

Incentive fee payable - affiliate 

- 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Deconsolidation of subsidiary 

() 

- 

- 

Loan originations, acquisitions and advances, net of fees 

() 

() 

() 

Advances of interests in loans receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Repayments of loans receivable 

Repayments of interests in loans receivable 

Extension and exit fees received from loans receivable 

Extension and exit fees received from interests in loans receivable 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash acquired from foreclosure of properties 

- 

- 

Foreclosure of real estate owned 

- 

() 

- 

Sale of loans receivable 

Reserves and deposits held for loans receivable 

() 

() 

Capital expenditures on real estate owned 

() 

- 

- 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 8 

Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 
 in thousands) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

- 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

- 

Redemption of preferred stock 

- 

() 

() 

Contributions from non-controlling interests 

Offering costs 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends paid on common stock and restricted stock units 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends paid on redeemable common stock 

- 

() 

() 

Dividends paid on preferred stock 

- 

() 

() 

Distributions to non-controlling interests 

- 

- 

() 

Proceeds from secured financings 

Proceeds from secured term loan 

- 

- 

Payment of financing costs 

() 

() 

() 

Payment of exit fees on secured financings 

- 

() 

() 

Repayments of secured financings 

() 

() 

() 

Repayments of secured term loan 

() 

() 

() 

Repayments of debt related to real estate owned 

- 

() 

- 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Restricted cash, end of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Dividends accrued 

Loan principal payments held by servicer 

- 

Accrued financing costs 

Accrued offering costs 

- 

Deposits applied against sale proceeds 

- 

- 

Deconsolidation of subsidiary: 

Loan receivable 

- 

- 

Other assets 

- 

- 

Other liabilities 

() 

- 

- 

Management fee payable - affiliate 

() 

- 

- 

Net carrying value of deconsolidated subsidiary's net assets 

- 

- 

Working capital consolidated 

- 

() 

- 

Settlement of loan receivable 

- 

() 

- 

Real estate acquired in settlement of loan receivable 

- 

- 

Assumption of debt related to real estate owned 

- 

() 

- 

Conversion of restricted stock units to common stock; common stock 

- 

- 

Conversion of restricted stock units to common stock; additional paid in capital 

- 

() 

- 

Conversion of temporary equity to permanent equity; redeemable common stock 

- 

() 

- 

Conversion of temporary equity to permanent equity; stockholder's equity 

- 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 9 

Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Note s to Consolidated Financial Statements 

The novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic has evolved since its onset during the first quarter of 2020, and while the global economy has begun to recover, uncertainty around future developments remain. COVID-19 has also affected global supply chains, the labor market, and inflation, which continue to impact many industries, including the collateral underlying certain of our loans. In response, the Federal Reserve raised interest rates in 2022 and has indicated that it foresees further interest rate increases in 2023. The overall impact to the global economy will depend largely on the recovery of disrupted supply chains and industries, the extent of the labor market interruptions, the result of the Federal Reserves policies, and other government interventions. The current and future financial, economic and capital markets environment could remain uneven, and presents uncertainty and risk with respect to the performance of our loans receivable and real estate owned, our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and ability to pay dividends. On March 5, 2021, the Financial Conduct Authority of the U.K. (the FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, announced (the FCA Announcement that all relevant LIBOR tenors will cease to be published or will no longer be representative after June 30, 2023. The FCA Announcement coincides with the March 5, 2021 announcement of LIBOR s administrator, the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (the IBA ), indicating that, as a result of not having access to input data necessary to calculate relevant LIBOR tenors on a representative basis after June 30, 2023, the IBA would have to cease publication of such LIBOR tenors immediately after the last publication on June 30, 2023. Further, on March 15, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2022, which includes the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, was signed into law in the United States. This legislation establishes a uniform benchmark replacement process for financial contracts maturing after June 30, 2023 that do not contain clearly defined or practicable fallback provisions. The legislation also creates a safe harbor that shields lenders from litigation if they choose to utilize a replacement rate recommended by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve. The United States Federal Reserve has also advised banks to cease entering into new contracts that use USD LIBOR as a reference rate. The Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rate Committee, a committee convened by the Federal Reserve that includes major market participants, has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR. There are significant differences between LIBOR and SOFR, such as LIBOR being an unsecured lending rate while SOFR is a secured lending rate, and SOFR is an overnight rate while LIBOR reflects term rates at different maturities. If our LIBOR-based borrowings are converted to SOFR, the differences between LIBOR and SOFR, could result in higher interest costs for us, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Although SOFR is the ARRC s recommended replacement rate, it is also possible that lenders may instead choose alternative replacement rates that may differ from LIBOR in ways similar to SOFR or in other ways that would result in higher interest costs for us. We cannot predict the effect of the decision not to sustain LIBOR, or the potential transition to SOFR or another alternative reference rate as LIBOR s replacement. Regardless, there can be no assurances as to what additional alternative base rates may be and whether such base rate will be more or less favorable than LIBOR and any other unforeseen impacts of the discontinuation of LIBOR. We are actively assessing and monitoring the risks associated with the planned discontinuation or unavailability of certain reference rates, including LIBOR, and the transition to alternative reference rates, but can provide no assurances regarding the impact of the discontinuation of LIBOR. Tax Risks - We are subject to significant tax risks. If we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT in a given taxable year, we may be subject to penalties as well as federal, state and local income tax on our taxable income, which could be material. We will also not be able to qualify as a REIT for the subsequent four taxable years, unless entitled to relief under certain statutory provisions. A REIT must distribute at least 90 of its taxable income to its stockholders, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains. In addition to the 90 distribution requirement, a REIT is subject to a nondeductible excise tax if it fails to make certain minimum distributions by calendar year-end. The excise tax imposed is equal to 4 of the excess of the required distribution (specified under U.S. federal tax law) over the distributed amount for such year. Distribution of the remaining balance may extend until timely filing of the REIT s tax return in the subsequent taxable year. Qualifying distributions of taxable income are deductible by a REIT in computing taxable income. Regulatory Risks - We are subject to significant regulatory risks. If we were unable to rely upon an exemption from registration available under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, we could be required to restructure its assets or activities, including the disposition of assets during periods of adverse market conditions that could result in material losses to us. 

including, to the extent available (i) periodic financial data such as property occupancy, tenant profile, rental rates, operating expenses, the borrower s exit plan, and capitalization and discount rates, (ii) site inspections, (iii) sales and financing comparables, (iv) current credit spreads for refinancing and (v) other market data. Commencing the third quarter of 2022, we arrived at our general CECL reserve using the Weighted Average Remaining Maturity, or WARM method, which is an acceptable loss-rate method for estimating CECL reserves by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ). The application of the WARM method to estimate a general CECL reserve requires judgment, including the appropriate historical loan loss reference data, the expected timing and amount of future loan fundings and repayments, the current credit quality of our portfolio, and our expectations of performance and market conditions over the relevant time period. The WARM method requires us to reference historical loan loss data from a comparable data set and apply such loss rate to each of our loans over their expected remaining term, taking into consideration expected economic conditions over the forecasted timeframe. Our general CECL reserve reflects our forecast of the current and future macroeconomic conditions that impact the performance of the commercial real estate assets securing our loans and the borrower's ultimate ability to repay. These estimates include unemployment rates, price indices for commercial properties, and market liquidity, all of which may influence the likelihood and magnitude of potential credit losses for our loans during their anticipated term. Additionally, further adjustments may be made based upon loan positions senior to ours, the risk rating of a loan, whether a loan is a construction loan, or the economic conditions specific to the property type of a loan's underlying collateral. To estimate an annual historical loss rate, we obtained historical loss rate data for loans most comparable to our loan portfolio from a commercial mortgage-backed securities database licensed by a third party, Trepp LLC, which contains historical loss rates from January 1, 1999 through December 31, 2022. When evaluating the current and future macroeconomic environment, we consider the aforementioned macroeconomic factors. Historical data for each metric is compared to historical commercial real estate loan losses in order to determine the relationship between the two variables. We use projections of each macroeconomic factor, obtained from a third party, to approximate the impact the macroeconomic outlook may have on our loss rate. Selections of these economic forecasts require judgement about future events that, while based on the information available to us as of the balance sheet date, are ultimately unknowable with certainty, and the actual economic conditions could vary significantly from the estimates we made. Following a reasonable and supportable forecast period, we use a straight-line method of reverting to the historical loss rate. Additionally, we assess the obligation to extend credit through our unfunded loan commitments over each loan s contractual period, adjusted for projected fundings from interest reserves if applicable, which is considered in the estimate of the general CECL reserve. For both the funded and unfunded portions of our loans, we consider our internal risk rating of each loan as the primary credit quality indicator underlying our assessment. We evaluate the credit quality of each of our loans receivable on an individual basis and assign a risk rating at least quarterly. We have developed a loan grading system for all of our outstanding loans receivable that are collateralized directly or indirectly by real estate. Grading criteria include as-is or as-stabilized debt yield, term of loan, property type, property or collateral location, loan type and other more subjective variables that include as-is or as-stabilized collateral value, market conditions, industry conditions and sponsor s financial stability. We utilize the grading system to determine each loan s risk of loss and to provide a determination as to whether an individual loan is impaired and whether a specific CECL reserve is necessary. Based on a 5-point scale, the loans are graded 1 through 5, from less risk to greater risk, which gradings are defined as follows: 1. Very Low Risk 

 2. Low Risk 

 3. Medium Risk 

 4. High Risk/Potential for Loss: A loan that has a risk of realizing a principal loss 

 5. Impaired/Loss Likely: A loan that has a very high risk of realizing a principal loss or has otherwise incurred a principal loss 

 Specific CECL Reserve In certain circumstances we may determine that a loan is no longer suited for the WARM method due to its unique risk characteristics, where we have deemed the borrower/sponsor to be experiencing financial difficulty and the repayment of the loan s principal is collateral-dependent. We may instead elect to employ different methods to estimate loan losses that also conform to ASU 2016-13 and related guidance. For such loan we would measure the specific reserve of each loan separately by using the fair value of the collateral or the net present value of its expected future cash flows. If the fair value of the collateral is less than the carrying value of the loan, an asset-specific reserve is created as a component of our overall current expected credit loss reserve (following the adoption of CECL, or as a loan loss reserve prior to the adoption of CECL). Specific reserves are equal to the excess of a loan s carrying value to the net present value of its expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective rate or the fair value of the collateral, less estimated costs to sell, if recovery of our investment is expected from the sale of the collateral. If we have determined that a loan or a portion of a loan is uncollectible, we will write-off the loan through an adjustment to our current expected credit loss reserve based on the net present value of expected future cash flows or the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell, if repayment is expected from the sale of the collateral. Significant judgment is required in determining impairment and in estimating the resulting credit loss reserve, and actual losses, if any, could materially differ from those estimates. For additional information on our General and Specific CECL Reserve please refer to Note 3 Loans Portfolio Current Expected Credit Losses . 
 
 per account. The carrying amount of such cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value. 
 
 to . Real estate assets are evaluated for indicators of impairment on a quarterly basis. Factors that we may consider in our impairment analysis include, among others: (1) significant underperformance relative to historical or anticipated operating results; (2) significant negative industry or economic trends; (3) costs necessary to extend the life or improve the real estate asset; (4) significant increase in competition; and (5) ability to hold and dispose of the real estate asset in the ordinary course of business. A real estate asset is considered impaired when the sum of estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the real estate asset over the estimated remaining holding period is less than the carrying amount of such real estate asset. Cash flows include operating cash flows net of anticipated capital proceeds generated by the real estate asset. If the sum of such estimated cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the real estate, an impairment charge is recorded equal to the excess of the carrying value of the real estate asset over the fair value. When determining the fair value of a real estate asset, we make certain assumptions including, but not limited to, consideration of projected operating cash flows, comparable selling prices and projected cash flows from the eventual disposition of the real estate asset based upon our estimate of a capitalization rate and discount rate. There were impairments of our real estate owned as of December 31, 2022. Debt assumed in an acquisition/foreclosure of real estate is recorded at its estimated fair value at the time of the acquisition and is subsequently presented net of unamortized debt issuance costs. Debt related to real estate owned is non-recourse to us. 
 other than temporary impairments of our equity method investment as of December 31, 2022 . 

obligations. These costs are amortized over the contractual term of the obligations as interest expense using the effective interest method. 

interest income deemed uncollectible is reversed against interest income. Factors considered when making this determination include our assessment of the underlying collateral value, delinquency in excess of 90 days, and overall market conditions. While on non-accrual status, based on our estimation as to collectability of principal, loans are either accounted for on a cash basis, where interest income is recognized only upon actual receipt of cash, or on a cost-recovery basis, where all cash receipts reduce a loan's carrying value. If and when a loan is brought back into compliance with its contractual terms, and our Manager has determined that the borrower has demonstrated an ability and willingness to continue to make contractually required payments related to the loan, we resume accrual of interest. In accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , revenue is recognized when we transfer promised services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those services. ASC 606 includes a five-step framework that requires an entity to: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer, (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determine the transaction price, (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (v) recognize revenue when the entity satisfies a performance obligation. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer. A contract's transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when the performance obligation is satisfied. Our contracts generally have a single performance obligation, such as renting a hotel room to a customer, or providing food and beverage to a customer, or providing a hotel property related good or service to a customer. Our performance obligations are generally satisfied at a point in time. Revenue from real estate owned represents revenue associated with the operations of hotel properties classified as real estate owned. Revenue from the operations of the hotel properties is recognized when guestrooms are occupied, services have been rendered or fees have been earned. Revenues are recorded net of any discounts and sales and other taxes collected from customers. Revenues consist of room sales, food and beverage sales and other hotel revenues. 

beneficiary in accordance with ASC 810 and do not consolidate the joint venture. See Note 4 - Equity Method Investment for further detail. Prior to August 1, 2022, the portion of CMTG/TT's consolidated equity and results of operations allocated to non-controlling interest was equal to the remaining ownership of CMTG/TT. As of December 31, 2021, CMTG/TT s total equity was million of which million was characterized as non-controlling interests. 
 , million, and million, respectively, which have been charged against additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 operating segment and reporting segment, with activities related to investing in income-producing loans collateralized by institutional quality commercial real estate. This change has been applied retrospectively to all periods presented. 
 
 this standard effective and the adoption have a material impact on our financial statements. The FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740), ASU 2019-12 ). ASU 2019-12 simplifies the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740. ASU 2019-12 also improves the consistent application of, and simplifies, GAAP for other areas of Topic 740 by clarifying and amending existing guidance. The standard is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, with early adoption permitted. We ASU 2019-12 on and the adoption of ASU 2019-12 have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. The FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting, ASU 2020-04 ). ASU 2020-04 provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships and other transactions that reference the London Interbank Offering Rate LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. ASU 2020-04 is effective upon issuance of ASU 2020-04 for contract modifications and hedging relationships on a prospective basis. We have not adopted any of the optional expedients or exceptions through December 31, 2022 , but will continue to evaluate the possible adoption of any such expedients or exceptions during the effective period as circumstances evolve. 

Subordinate loans 

Fixed: 

Senior loans (5) 

Subordinate loans 

Total/Weighted Average 

General CECL reserve 

() 

Loans receivable held-for-investment, net 

(1) 

 (2) million. 

 (3) and , respectively. Weighted average is based on unpaid principal balance as of December 31, 2022 . For loans placed on non-accrual, the spread used in calculating the weighted average spread is . 

 (4) . 

 (5) 

 Our loans receivable portfolio as of December 31, 2021 was comprised of the following loans in thousands, except for number of loans): 

Number of Loans 
 
 Loan Commitment (1) 

Unpaid Principal Balance 

Carrying Value (2) 

Weighted Average Spread (3) 

Weighted Average Interest Rate (4) 

Loans receivable held-for-investment 

Variable: 

Senior loans (5,6) 

Subordinate loans 

Fixed: 

Senior loans (5) 

N/A 

Subordinate loans 

N/A 

Total/Weighted Average 

N/A 

General CECL reserve 

() 

Loans receivable held-for-investment, net 

(1) 

 (2) million. 

 (3) . Weighted average is based on unpaid principal balance as of December 31, 2021 and includes loans on non-accrual status. 

 (4) . 

 (5) 

 (6) million and a loan commitment of million as of December 31, 2021 , which shares the same collateral as floating rate loans with an unpaid principal balance of million and a loan commitment of million at December 31, 2021 . 

() 

() 

Initial funding of new loan originations and acquisitions 

- 

- 

Advances on existing loans 

- 

- 

Non-cash advances in lieu of interest 

- 

Origination fees, extension fees and exit fees 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Repayments of loans receivable 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Repayments of non-cash advances in lieu of interest 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Accretion of fees 

- 

- 

Sale proceeds 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Gain (loss) on sale 

() 

- 

Specific CECL reserve 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Principal charge-offs 

() 

- 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

General CECL reserve 

() 

Carrying Value 

(1) 

Unpaid Principal Balance 

Deferred Fees 

Specific CECL Allowance 

Carrying Value (1) 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Initial funding of new loan originations and acquisitions 

- 

- 

Advances on existing loans 

- 

- 

Non-cash advances in lieu of interest 

- 

Origination fees, extension fees and exit fees 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Repayments of loans receivable 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Repayments of non-cash advances in lieu of interest 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Accretion of fees 

- 

- 

Sale proceeds 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Gain (loss) on sale 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Specific CECL Allowance 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Transfer to real estate owned, net 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Principal charge-offs 

() 

- 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

General CECL Allowance 

() 

Carrying Value 

In the second quarter of 2022, we sold a senior loan with a carrying value of million and recognized a realized gain of million. The financial asset was legally isolated, the transferee has the ability to pledge the assets without constraint and control has been transferred to the transferee. We have determined the transaction constituted a sale. Through CMTG/TT, a previously consolidated joint venture, we held a interest in million of subordinate loans secured by land in New York, which had been on non-accrual status since October 2021. During the third quarter of 2022, we directly acquired the senior position of the loan of million and converted the whole loan from a land loan into a construction loan to finance the development of a hotel. The borrower simultaneously committed additional equity to the project. Immediately following the conversion of the loan, we own million of total loan commitments, of which million has been funded and is included in loans receivable held-for-investments on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 , as well as of the remaining million of subordinate loans held through CMTG/TT which is accounted for under the equity method of accounting on our consolidated financial statements. See Note 4 - Equity Method Investment for further detail. The new loans accrue interest at the new contractual rates. In the second quarter of 2022, we modified a loan with a borrower who was experiencing financial difficulties, resulting in a decrease in the index rate floor from to and modified extension requirements. As of December 31, 2022 , the loan had an amortized cost basis of million and represents approximately of total loans receivable held-for-investment, net. The loan is considered as part of the general CECL reserve. As of December 31, 2022, the borrower is current on all contractually obligated payments Concentration of Risk 

Subordinate loans 

General CECL reserve 
 
 () 

() 

Property Type 
 
 Carrying Value (1) 

Percentage 

Carrying Value (2) 

Percentage 

Multifamily 

Hospitality 

Office 

Mixed-use (4) 

For Sale Condo 

Land 

Other 

General CECL reserve 
 
 () 

() 

Geographic Location 
 
 Carrying Value (1) 

Percentage 

Carrying Value (2) 

Percentage 

United States 

West 

Northeast 

Southeast 

Mid Atlantic 

Southwest 

Midwest 

Other 

General CECL reserve 
 
 () 

() 

(1) million. 

 (2) million. 

 (3) 

 (4) office, retail, for sale condo, multifamily, and immaterial hospitality and signage components. 

Interest Income and Accretion 

Interest on cash, cash equivalents, and other income 

Accretion of fees 

Total interest and related income (1) 

(1) million, million, and million in pre-payment penalties and accelerated fees during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. 

Loan Risk Ratings As further described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, we evaluate the credit quality of our loan portfolio on a quarterly basis. In conjunction with our quarterly loan portfolio review, we assess the risk factors of each loan and assign a risk rating based on several factors. Factors considered in the assessment include, but are not limited to, current loan-to-value, debt yield, structure, cash flow volatility, exit plan, current market environment and sponsorship level. Loans are rated 1 (less risk) through 5 (greater risk), which ratings are defined in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 

2 

3 

4 

5 

General CECL reserve 

(1) million. 

December 31, 2021 

Risk Rating 
 
 Number of Loans 
 
 Unpaid Principal Balance 
 
 Carrying Value (1) 
 
 of Total of Carrying Value 

1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

General CECL reserve 

(1) million. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the average risk rating of our portfolio was and , respectively, weighted by unpaid principal balance. 

() 

/ 

Mixed-Use 
 
 NY 
 
 5 

() 

/ (1) 

Land 
 
 NY 
 
 4 

- 

/ 

Other 
 
 Other 
 
 5 

- 

/ 

Total non-accrual (2) 

() 

(1) million was recognized on this loan while on non-accrual status during the year ended December 31, 2022 . 

 (2) of the total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 , based on carrying value. Excludes loans with an aggregate carrying value of million that are in maturity default. 

 The following table presents the carrying value and significant characteristics of our loans receivable on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2021 in thousands): 

Property Type 
 
 Location 
 
 Risk Rating 
 
 Unpaid Principal Balance 

Carrying Value Before Specific CECL Reserve 

Specific CECL Reserve 

Carrying Value 

Interest Recognition Method / as of Date 

Hospitality 
 
 CA 
 
 4 

- 

/ (1) 

Other 
 
 Other 
 
 5 

() 

/ 

Total current 

() 

Land 
 
 NY 
 
 4 

- 

/ 

Land 
 
 NY 
 
 4 

- 

/ 

Land 
 
 NY 
 
 4 

- 

/ 

Other 
 
 Other 
 
 5 

() 

/ 

Total delinquent 

() 

Total non-accrual (2) 

() 

(1) million was recognized on this loan while on non-accrual status during the year ended December 31, 2021 . (2) of the total loan portfolio at December 31, 2021, based on carrying value. 
 Current Expected Credit Losses The current expected credit loss reserve required under GAAP reflects our current estimate of potential credit losses related to our loan portfolio. See Note 2 for further discussion of our current expected credit loss reserve. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , we recorded a principal charge-off of million against a loan made to the personal estate of a former borrower. Prior to the charge-off, the loan had an unpaid principal balance of million and a specific CECL reserve of million, resulting in a carrying value of million. Following the charge-off, the loan's carrying value is million, which represents estimated collection. The loan is on non-accrual status and is in maturity default. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a net provision of million for current expected credit losses. The total current expected credit loss reserve increased to million as of December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to the increase in the size of our loan portfolio, worsening macroeconomic forecasts, and specific CECL reserves of million related to loans. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we received principal repayments of million on a senior loan with an unpaid principal balance of million, and a maturity date of May 31, 2021, and recorded a principal charge-off of million. Following the principal repayment in December 2021, the maturity date of the loan was extended to January 1, 2023. As of December 31, 2021, the loan had a specific CECL reserve of million which represented additional collectible interest through the maturity date. During the fourth quarter of 2022, this loan was repaid, resulting in a principal charge off of . During the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded a specific CECL reserve of million in connection with a senior loan with an unpaid principal balance and carrying value prior to any specific CECL reserve of million and an initial maturity date of February 1, 2023. As of December 31, 2021, the loan had a carrying value of million. The loan is collateralized by a mixed-use building in New York, NY. As of December 31, 2022, this loan is on non-accrual status. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded a specific CECL reserve of million in connection with a senior loan with an unpaid principal balance of million, a carrying value prior to any specific CECL reserve of million and an initial maturity date of August 8, 2024. As of December 31, 2021, the loan had a carrying value of million. The loan is collateralized by a portfolio of multifamily properties located in San Francisco, CA. As of December 31, 2022, this loan is on non-accrual status. Fair market values used to determine specific CECL reserves are calculated using a discounted cash flow model, a sales comparison approach, or a market capitalization approach. Estimates of fair market values include assumptions of property specific cash flows over estimated holding periods, discount rates approximating , and market capitalization rates ranging from to . These assumptions are based upon the nature of the properties, recent sales and lease comparables, and anticipated real estate and capital market conditions. 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Initial CECL reserve, January 1, 2021 

- 

Increase (reversal) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Principal charge-offs 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Total reserve, December 31, 2021 

Increase (reversal) 

() 

() 

Principal charge-offs 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Total December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

Reserve at December 31, 2022 

(1) 

 (2) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

2 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

3 

4 

- 

5 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Charge-Offs 

() 
 
 - 

- 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 
 - 

(1) million. 
 Interests in Loans Receivable Held-for-Investment We had interests in loans receivable as of December 31, 2022. 

Current expected credit loss reserve 

() 

Interests in loans receivable held-for-investment, net 

(1) Senior loans include senior mortgages and similar loans, including related contiguous subordinate loans (if any), and pari passu participations in senior mortgage loans. 

 (2) One-month LIBOR as of December 31, 2021 was . 

 (3) Loan commitment represents principal outstanding plus unfunded loan commitments. 

(4) 

Advances on existing interests in loans receivable 

Non-cash advances in lieu of interest 

Origination fees, extension fees and exit fees 

() 

() 

Repayments of interests in loans receivable 

() 

() 

Repayments of non-cash advances in lieu of interest 

() 

() 

Accretion of origination fees, net 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

(1) 

Unpaid Principal Balance 

Deferred Fees 

Carrying Value (1) 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

Advances on existing interests in loans receivable 

Non-cash advances in lieu of interest 

Origination fees, extension fees and exit fees 

() 

() 

Repayments of interests in loans receivable 

() 

() 

Repayments of non-cash advances in lieu of interest 

() 

() 

Accretion of origination fees, net 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

N/A 

Weighted average term to fully extended maturity 
 
 years 

years 

N/A 
 
 years 

interest in CMTG/TT upon commencement of its operations. During its active investment period, CMTG/TT originated loans collateralized by institutional quality commercial real estate. CMTG/TT has been consolidated in our financial statements from its inception through July 31, 2022. On August 1, 2022, the sole remaining loan held by this joint venture was converted to a new construction loan. In connection with the conversion, we amended the operating agreement of CMTG/TT. Effective August 1, 2022, we are not deemed to be the primary beneficiary of CMTG/TT in accordance with ASC 810 and do not consolidate the joint venture. We did not recognize a gain or loss as this transaction occurred simultaneously with the conversion of the aforementioned loan, and thus there was no change in the underlying value of our equity interest in CMTG/TT. See Note 3 for further details. As of December 31, 2022 , the carrying value of our equity interest in CMTG/TT approximated million . 

 million mezzanine loan held by us. The loan was in default as a result of the borrower failing to pay debt service. A million securitized senior mortgage held by a third party was in default as well. The securitized senior mortgage is non-recourse to us. We recorded a gain of million resulting from the foreclosure of the loan, which was based upon the estimated fair value of the hotel properties as determined by a third-party appraisal. The fair value of million was determined using discount rates ranging from to and a terminal capitalization rate of , and was allocated to land and million to building and improvements, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate cost of our real estate owned for federal income tax purposes was million. On June 2, 2021, terms of the securitized senior mortgage were modified to include an extension of the maturity date to , a principal repayment of million, and the payment of million of fees and modification costs, which included among other items, million of interest expense, million of general and administrative expenses, and million of debt issuance costs. 

Building 

Capital improvements 

- 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

Real estate owned 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Real estate owned, net 

+ 

+ 

Repurchase agreements - Side Car 

+ 

+ 

Loan participations sold 

+ 

+ 

Notes payable 

+ 

+ 

Secured Term Loan 

+ 

+ 

Debt related to real estate owned 

+ 

+ 

Total/weighted average 

+ 

+ 

(1) and , respectively. 

 (2) to of borrowings outstanding. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the weighted average recourse limitation on our repurchase and term participation facilities was and , respectively. 

Repurchase Agreements and Term Participation Facility Repurchase Agreements 

JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. - Side Car 

Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. (2) 

Goldman Sachs Bank USA (3) 

Barclays Bank PLC 

Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch 

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 

Total 

(1) 

 (2) to . 

 (3) to . 

 The following table summarizes our repurchase agreements by lender as of December 31, 2021 in thousands): 

Lender 
 
 Initial Maturity (1) 
 
 Fully Extended Maturity 
 
 Maximum Capacity 

Borrowing Outstanding 

Undrawn Capacity 

JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. - Main Pool (2) 

JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. - Side Car 

Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. (3) 

- 

Goldman Sachs Bank USA 

Barclays Bank PLC 

Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch 

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 

Total 

(1) 

 (2) billion. 

 (3) 

JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. - Side Car 

Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 

Goldman Sachs Bank USA 

Barclays Bank PLC 

Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch 

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 

Total 

(1) million. 

JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. - Side Car 

Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 

Goldman Sachs Bank USA 

Barclays Bank PLC 

Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch 

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 

Total 

Term Participation Facility On November 4, 2022, we entered into a master participation and administration agreement to finance certain of our mortgage loans. The lender has the benefit of cross-collateralization across the loans in the facility. The facility has a maximum committed amount of billion. As of December 31, 2022 , million was committed of which million was outstanding. Per the terms of the agreement, we may finance loans on this facility until the end of the one year revolving period, ending . Upon the end of the revolving period, the term participation facility will mature following the date of the most recently financed loan on the facility. As of December 31, 2022 , the maturity date of the facility is . 

Loan Participations Sold 

Total 

(1) 

 Our loan participations sold as of December 31, 2021 are summarized as follows in thousands): 

Contractual Maturity Date 
 
 Maximum Extension Date 
 
 Borrowings Outstanding 

Carrying Value 

Carrying Value of Collateral 

Total 

Notes Payable 

- 

() 

() 

Total 

Our notes payable as of December 31, 2021 are summarized as follows in thousands): 

Contractual Maturity Date (2) 
 
 Maximum Extension Date 
 
 Borrowings Outstanding 

Carrying Value 

Carrying Value of Collateral (1) 

(1) 

 (2) 

Secured Term Loan, Net On August 9, 2019, we entered into a million secured term loan. On December 1, 2020, the secured term loan was modified to increase the aggregate principal amount by million, increase the interest rate, and to increase the quarterly amortization payment. On December 2, 2021, we entered into a modification of our secured term loan which reduced the interest rate to the greater of (i) one-month term SOFR plus a credit spread adjustment, and (ii) , plus a credit spread of . 

(1) . 

 The secured term loan as of December 31, 2021 is summarized as follows in thousands): 

Contractual Maturity Date 
 
 Stated Rate (1) 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Borrowings Outstanding 

Carrying Value 

(1) . 

The secured term loan is partially amortizing, with principal payments of million due in quarterly installments. Debt Related to Real Estate Owned, Net On February 8, 2021 we assumed a million securitized senior mortgage in connection with a UCC foreclosure on a portfolio of seven limited service hotels. On June 2, 2021, we entered into an agreement to amend the terms of the securitized senior mortgage which included an extension of the maturity date to , a principal repayment of million, and the payment of million of fees and modification costs, which included among other items, million of interest expense, million of general and administrative expenses, and million of debt issuance costs. 

(1) , which exceeds the ceiling provided by our interest rate cap. See Note 7 Derivatives for further detail of our interest rate cap . 

 Our debt related to real estate owned as of December 31, 2021 is summarized as follows in thousands): 

Contractual Maturity Date 
 
 Stated Rate (1) 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Borrowings Outstanding 

Carrying Value 

(1) . 

Acquisition Facility On June 29, 2022, we entered into a million full recourse credit facility. The facility generally provides interim financing for eligible loans for up to 180 days at an initial advance rate of , which begins to decline after the 90th day. The facility matures on and earns interest at a rate of SOFR, plus a credit spread adjustment, plus a spread of . With the consent of our lenders, and subject to certain conditions, the commitment of the facility may be increased up to million. As of December 31, 2022 , the outstanding balance of the facility is . Interest Expense and Amortization 

Interest expense on secured term loan 

Interest expense on debt related to real estate owned (1) 

- 

Amortization of financing costs 

Total interest and related expense 

(1) and of amortization of financing costs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

million and a maturity date of for . The interest rate cap effectively limits the maximum interest rate of our debt related to real estate owned to . Changes in the fair value of our interest rate cap are recorded as an unrealized gain or loss on interest rate cap on our consolidated statements of operations and the fair value is recorded in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. Proceeds received from our counterparty related to the interest rate cap are recorded as proceeds from interest rate cap on our consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of the interest rate cap is million at December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , we recognized approximately of proceeds from interest rate cap. 

 The fair value of our interest rate cap is determined by using the market standard methodology of discounting the future expected cash receipts that would occur if variable interest rates rise above the strike rate of the interest rate cap. The variable interest rates used in the calculation of projected receipts on the interest rate cap are based on a third-party expert's expectation of future interest rates derived from observable market interest rate curves and volatilities. Our interest rate cap is classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy and is valued at million at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. Financial Instruments Not Reported at Fair Value 

Repurchase agreements 

Term Participation Facility 

Loan participations sold, net 

Notes payable, net 

Secured term loan, net 

Debt related to real estate owned, net 

December 31, 2021 

Fair Value Hierarchy Level 

Carrying Value 

Unpaid Principal Balance 

Fair Value 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Loans receivable held-for- investment, net 

Interests in loans receivable held-for-investment, net 

Repurchase agreements 

Loan participations sold, net 

Notes payable, net 

Secured term loan, net 

Debt related to real estate owned, net 

F- 34 
 
 Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 shares of common stock with a par value of per share. We had common stock issued and and common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Issuance of common stock 

- 

Conversion of fully vested RSUs to common stock 

- 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

- 

Ending balance 

(1) of common stock underlying the vested RSUs. 

Preferred Stock Our charter provides for the issuance of up to shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. On December 15, 2021, we redeemed preferred shares at a price of per share and there were preferred shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. All preferred shares had been issued at a price of per share and were entitled to a cash dividend, paid semi-annually. Repurchased Shares We entered into an agreement (the 10b5-1 Purchase Plan with Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, pursuant to which Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, as our agent, would buy in the open market up to million of our common stock in the aggregate during the period beginning on December 6, 2021 and ending at the earlier of 12 months and the date on which all the capital committed to the 10b5-1 Purchase Plan is expended. The 10b5-1 Purchase Plan required Morgan Stanley Co. LLC to purchase shares of our common stock on our behalf when the market price per share was below the book value per common stock, subject to certain daily limits prescribed by the 10b5-1 Purchase Plan. For the period from December 6, 2021 through December 31, 2022 , our full million commitment was used to repurchase shares of common stock at an average price per share of . As of December 31, 2022 all of the capital committed to the 10b5-1 Purchase Plan has been expended. Dividends 

Record Date - common stock 

Payment Date - common stock 

For the Quarter Ended 

March 31, 2021 

June 30, 2021 

September 30, 2021 

December 31, 2021 

Amount 

Per Share 

Amount 

Per Share 

Amount 

Per Share 

Amount 

Per Share 

Dividends declared - common stock 

Dividends declared - preferred stock (1) 

Record Date - common stock 

Payment Date - common stock 

(1) preferred units issued at a price of per unit and entitled to a dividend paid semi-annually that were redeemed on December 15, 2021 at a price of per unit. 

For the Quarter Ended 

March 31, 2020 

June 30, 2020 

September 30, 2020 

December 31, 2020 

Amount 

Per Share 

Amount 

Per Share 

Amount 

Per Share 

Amount 

Per Share 

Dividends declared - common stock 

Dividends declared - preferred stock 

Record Date - common stock 

Payment Date - common stock 

Diluted EPS is calculated under the more dilutive of the treasury stock or the two-class method. Under the treasury stock method, diluted EPS is calculated by dividing net income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding plus the incremental potential shares of common stock assumed issued during the period if they are dilutive dilutive securities. As a result, basic and diluted EPS are the same. The calculation of basic and diluted EPS is as follows in thousands, except for share and per share data): 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

Net income attributable to common stockholders 

Dividends on participating securities 

() 

- 

- 

Participating securities' share in earnings 

- 

- 

- 

Basic earnings 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding, basic and diluted (1) 

Net income per share of common stock, basic and diluted 

(1) common stock underlying vested RSUs. Amounts at December 31, 2022 include fully vested RSUs, which include common stock underlying vested RSUs. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , , , and weighted average unvested restricted stock units RSUs ), respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS because the effect was anti-dilutive. 

Incentive fees 

Total 

Management Fees per annum of Stockholders Equity. Management fees are reduced by our pro rata share of any management fees and incentive fees (if incentive fees are not incurred by us) paid to the Manager by CMTG/TT. Management fees are paid quarterly, in arrears. Management fees of million, and million were accrued and were included in management fee payable affiliate, in the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 . On August 2, 2022 our Management Agreement was amended and restated, primarily to provide for reimbursement of allocable costs, including compensation of the Manager s non-investment professionals, to provide for automatic one-year renewals of the agreement following its original expiration date, unless it is otherwise terminated by our Board, and to remove historical provisions that are no longer relevant to our business and certain reporting requirements that are not customary for a public company. Incentive Fees of the excess of our Core Earnings on a rolling four-quarter basis, as defined in the Management Agreement, over a return on Stockholders Equity, as defined in the Management Agreement. Incentive fees are reduced by our pro rata share of any incentive fees paid to the Manager by CMTG/TT. The Manager is entitled to an incentive fee equal to of the excess of CMTG/TT s Core Earnings on a rolling four-quarter basis, as defined in the Management Agreement, over a return on Unitholders Equity of CMTG/TT. There were accrued incentive fees on our consolidated balance sheets at years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Termination Fees Reimbursable Expenses The Manager or its affiliates are entitled to reimbursement for certain documented costs and expenses incurred by them on our behalf, as set forth in the Management Agreement, excluding any expenses specifically required to be borne by the Manager under the Management Agreement. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , we incurred million, and million of reimbursements of out-of-pocket costs incurred on our behalf by our Manager, respectively, which are included in general and administrative expenses on our consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and of reimbursements of out-of-pocket costs due to our Manager are included in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Loans Receivable Held-for-Investment As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have one loan with an unpaid principal balance of million and million, respectively, and a loan commitment of million, whereby the borrower is an affiliate of a shareholder of our common stock who owns approximately of our common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 . 

 shares. On June 14, 2022, the Board granted an aggregate of time-based RSUs to employees of the Manager or its affiliates, which vest in three equal installments on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of July 1, 2022, subject to the applicable participant s continued service through each vesting date. Each RSU was granted with the right to receive dividend equivalents. The fair value of the RSUs was per share based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant. On May 24, 2022, we adopted the Deferred Compensation Plan to provide our directors and certain executives with an opportunity to defer payment of their stock-based compensation or RSUs and director cash fees, if applicable, pursuant to the terms of the Deferred Compensation Plan. The Board awards time-based RSUs to eligible non-employee Board members on an annual basis as part of such Board members annual compensation in accordance with the Non-Employee Director Compensation Program. The time-based awards are generally issued in the second quarter on the date of the annual meeting of our stockholders, in conjunction with the director s election to the Board, and the awards vest on the earlier of (x) the anniversary of the grant date and (y) the date of the next annual meeting of our stockholders following the grant date, subject to the applicable participants' continued service through such vesting date. In June 2022, the eligible non-employee members of the Board were automatically granted an aggregate of time-based RSUs under the Plan. Each RSU was granted with the right to receive dividend equivalents. Additionally, certain directors elected to defer their RSUs pursuant to the terms of the Deferred Compensation Plan. Such deferred awards will become payable on the earliest to occur of the participant s separation from service or a change in control. The fair value of the RSUs was determined to be per share on the grant date based on the closing price of our common stock on such date. On April 4, 2019, the Board granted time-based RSUs pursuant to the Plan which immediately became vested. Dividend equivalent payments accrued as if those shares were outstanding for all dividends declared during the period beginning August 25, 2015. The fair value of the time-based RSUs was recognized immediately and was determined to be per share on the grant date based on our share issuances proximate to the grant date. On April 4, 2021, fully vested RSUs were delivered and converted to common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021 , time-based RSUs were forfeited prior to their delivery, resulting in the reversal of million of previously recognized stock-based compensation expense which is included as other income in the consolidated statements of operations. On April 4, 2019, the Board granted performance-based RSUs pursuant to the Plan of which to were scheduled to vest at the conclusion of a performance period commencing on January 1, 2019, at varying levels, if we achieved a minimum cumulative Total Stockholder Return Percentage in excess of over that period. Total Stockholder Return Percentage is equal to the quotient of (i) the sum of (A) the tangible net book value per common stock as of year ended December 31, 2021 less and (B) the aggregate amount of dividends paid with respect to common stock during the performance period, (ii) and , calculated on a fully diluted basis. Dividend equivalents were scheduled to accrue and be paid to participants at the conclusion of the performance period based on the number of RSUs that vested. The fair value of the performance-based RSUs was determined to be per share on the grant date based on our share issuances proximate to the grant date. In the event that a change in control or an initial public offering IPO had occurred prior to the completion of the performance period, the RSUs would have immediately vested prior to such change in control or IPO and dividend equivalents would have become payable. During the year ended December 31, 2021, performance based RSUs were forfeited. Upon completion of our IPO in November 2021, RSUs immediately vested and dividend equivalents of million were paid. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , we recognized million, million, and million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to the RSUs. Stock-based compensation expense is considered non-cash compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Under our Deferred Compensation Plan, certain of our Board members elected to receive the annual fees and/or time-based RSUs to which they are entitled under our Non-Employee Director Compensation Program in the form of deferred RSUs. Accordingly, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued of deferred RSUs in lieu of cash fees to such directors, and recognized a related expense of approximately , which is included in general and administrative expenses on our consolidated statements of operations. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized in earnings on a straight-line basis over the applicable award s vesting period. Forfeitures of stock-based compensation awards are recognized as they occur. As of December 31, 2022 , total unrecognized compensation expense was million based on the grant date fair value of RSUs granted. This expense is expected to be recognized over a remaining period of years from December 31, 2022. 

Unvested, December 31, 2022 

Time-based Restricted Stock Units 

Performance-based Restricted Stock Units 

Number of Restricted Shares 

Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share 

Number of Restricted Shares 

Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share 

Unvested, December 31, 2020 

Forfeited/cancelled 

() 

Vested 

() 

() 

Unvested, December 31, 2021 

F- 40 
 
 Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 of our taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding any net capital gains and activity conducted within our taxable REIT subsidiary TRS ), and comply with certain other requirements to qualify as a REIT. Since Commencement of Operations, we have been in compliance with all REIT requirements and we plan to continue to operate so that we meet the requirements for taxation as a REIT. Therefore, other than amounts relating to our TRS, as described below, we have not provided for current income tax expense related to our REIT taxable income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Additionally, no provision has been made for federal or state income taxes in the accompanying financial statements, as we believe we have met the prescribed requisite requirements. Our real estate owned is held in a TRS. A TRS is a corporation that is owned directly or indirectly by a REIT and has jointly elected with the REIT to be treated as a TRS for tax purposes. For years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not record a provision for income taxes, which was due to a full valuation allowance that was established against deferred taxes. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , due to a full valuation allowance that was established against our deferred tax assets, we did t have a deferred tax asset or deferred tax liability. The deferred tax asset and valuation allowance at December 31, 2022 were million and million, respectively. The deferred tax asset and valuation allowance at December 31, 2021 were million and million, respectively. The components of the deferred tax asset at December 31, 2022 consisted of an investment basis difference in real estate owned of approximately million, a net operating loss carryforward of approximately million, and net unrealized gain (a deferred tax liability) of approximately million. The components of the deferred tax asset at December 31, 2021 consisted of an investment basis difference in real estate owned of approximately million and a net operating loss carryforward of approximately million. We recognize tax benefits for uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable based on its technical merits. Interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions, if applicable, are included as a component of the provision for income taxes in our consolidated statements of income. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we have t recorded any amounts for uncertain tax positions. The federal statutory rate for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was . The Company s effective tax rate differs from its combined U.S. federal, state and local corporate statutory tax rate primarily due to income earned at the REIT, which is not subject to tax, due to the deduction for qualifying distributions made by the Company, and any change in the valuation allowance. Our tax returns are subject to audit by taxing authorities. Tax years 2019 onwards remain open to examination by major taxing jurisdictions in which we are subject to taxes. 

 interest in CMTG/TT as a result of committing to invest million in CMTG/TT. Distributions representing repayment proceeds from CMTG/TT s loans may be recalled by CMTG/TT, if the repayment occurred at least prior to the loan s initial maturity date. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we contributed million and million, respectively, to CMTG/TT and have received return of capital distributions of million, of which million were recallable. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , CMTG s remaining capital commitment to CMTG/TT was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had aggregate unfunded loan commitments of billion and billion respectively, which amounts will generally be funded to finance lease-related or capital expenditures by our borrowers, subject to them achieving certain conditions precedent to such funding. These future commitments will expire over the remaining term of the loans, none of which exceed . 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

(1) Contractual paydowns under all borrowings are based on the earlier of (i) the fully extended maturity date of each agreement, or (ii) the fully extended maturity of our underlying loans. 

 (2) Assumes loans with aggregate borrowings outstanding of million that are in maturity default, with fully extended maturities before December 31, 2022, have an extended maturity date in 2023. 

In the normal course of business, we may enter into contracts that contain a variety of representations and provide for general indemnifications. Our maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown, as this would involve future claims that may be made against us that have not yet occurred. However, based on experience, we expect the risk of loss to be remote. 

F- 42 
 
 Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 loan with an unpaid principal balance of million at December 31, 2022 . 

F- 43 

+ 

N/A 

- 

Senior mortgage loan 

+ 

N/A 

- 

Senior mortgage loan 

+ 

N/A 

- 

Senior mortgage loan 

+ 

N/A 

- 

Senior mortgage loan 

+ 

N/A 

N/A 

Senior loans less than 3 of the carrying amount of total loans 

Senior mortgage loans 

Floating: 
 + - 
 
 - 

N/A 

Fixed: 
 10.00 

Subordinate Loans 

Subordinate loans less than 3 of the carrying amount of total loans 

Mezzanine loans 

Floating: 
 + 
 
 - 

N/A 

Fixed: 
 7.35 8.50 

Total loans 

N/A 

General CECL reserve 

N/A 
 
 N/A 

() 
 
 N/A 

Total loans after general CECL reserves 

N/A 

(1) 

 (2) Includes loans receivable held-for-investment and interests in loans receivable held-for-investment 

 (3) 

 (4) 

 (5) Represents third party liens only 

 (6) as of December 31, 2022 . 

 (7) million. 

 Reconciliation of Mortgage Loans on Real Estate (1) 

2022 

2021 

Balance at January 1, 

Additions during period: 

Loan fundings 

Payment in kind interest 

Amortization of deferred fees and expenses 

Realized gain on sale of investments 

Deductions during period: 

Collections of principal, including sales proceeds 

() 

() 

Deferred origination fees and expenses 

() 

() 

Realized loss on sale of investments 

() 

Transfer to real estate owned 

() 

Provision for current expected credit losses (2) 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 

(1) 

(2) 

F- 45 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 83 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As of December 31, 2022 an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of CMTG, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 As of December 31, 2022, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that evaluation, our management, concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 Not applicable. 
 84 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign J urisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 85 
 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed not later than April 30, 2023 with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Item 11. Executiv e Compensation. 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed not later than April 30, 2023 with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed not later than April 30, 2023 with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed not later than April 30, 2023 with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 Item 14. Principal Accou nting Fees and Services. 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed not later than April 30, 2023 with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 86 
 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financ ial Statement Schedules. 
 The following documents are filed as part of this annual report on Form 10-K 
 (1) and (2) Financial Statements and schedules: See index to financial statements and schedules included in Item 8. 
 
 (3) Exhibits 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. (incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-LK, dated November 5, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 001-40993) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. (incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-LK, dated November 5, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 001-40993) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

4.2 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated March 16, 2022, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 001-40993) 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Management Agreement of Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. and Claros REIT Management LP, dated August 2, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, dated August 2, 2022, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 001-40993) 

10.2 
 
 Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. 2016 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.3 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.4 
 
 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.5 
 
 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Non-Deferral Form) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, dated May 10, 2022, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 001-40993) 

10.6 
 
 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Deferral Form) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, dated May 10, 2022, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 001-40993) 

10.7 
 
 Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

87 

10.8 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement with directors and certain officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.9 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement between Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. and Claros REIT Holdings LP, dated July 8, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.10 
 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement between Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. and CMTG Investor, L.P., dated July 8, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.11 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement between Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. and Fuyou Investment Management Limited, dated July 8, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.12 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement between Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. and Delta Master Trust, dated January 17, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.13 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement between Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. and Beaverhead Capital, LLC, dated May 15, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 11.12 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.14 
 
 Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, by and between Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. and CMTG MS Finance LLC, dated as of January 26, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.15 
 
 First Amendment to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, by and between Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. and CMTG MS Finance LLC, dated as of June 26, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.16 
 
 Second Amendment to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, by and between Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. and CMTG MS Finance LLC, dated as of March 13, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.17 
 
 Third Amendment to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, by and between Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. and CMTG MS Finance LLC, dated as of November 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.18 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, by and between Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. and CMTG MS Finance LLC, dated as of February 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.19 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, by and between Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. and CMTG MS Finance LLC, dated as of February 21, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

88 

10.20 
 
 Sixth Amendment to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, by and between Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. and CMTG MS Finance LLC, dated as of March 17, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.21 
 
 Seventh Amendment to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, by and between Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. and CMTG MS Finance LLC, dated as of April 10, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.22 
 
 Eighth Amendment to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, by and between Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. and CMTG MS Finance LLC, dated as of January 29, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.23 
 
 Ninth Amendment to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, by and between Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. and CMTG MS Finance LLC, dated as of September 9, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.24 
 
 Guaranty made by Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. in favor of Morgan Stanley Bank, N. A., dated as of January 26, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.25 
 
 Master Repurchase Agreement by and between Barclays Bank PLC and CMTG BB Finance LLC, dated as of December 21, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.26 
 
 First Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement by and between Barclays Bank PLC and CMTG BB Finance LLC, dated as of October 31, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.27 
 
 Omnibus Amendment by and between CMTG BB Finance LLC and Barclays Bank PLC, dated as of February 27, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.28 
 
 Second Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement by and between Barclays Bank PLC and CMTG BB Finance LLC, dated as of August 19, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.29 
 
 Guaranty made by Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. in favor of Barclays Bank PLC, dated as of December 21, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.30 
 
 Master Repurchase Agreement and Securities Contract by and between CMTG SG Finance LLC and Soci t G n rale, New York Branch, dated as of April 30, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

89 

10.31 
 
 Guaranty made by Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. in favor of Soci t G n rale, New York Branch, dated as of April 30, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.32 
 
 Amended and Restated Uncommitted Master Repurchase Agreement between CMTG JP Finance LLC and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, dated as of May 27, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.33 
 
 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement by and between CMTG JP Finance LLC, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, dated as of January 14, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 21, 2022, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 001-40993 

10.34 
 
 Guarantee Agreement made by Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, dated as of June 29, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.35 
 
 Master Repurchase Agreement between CMTG DB Finance LLC and Deutsche Bank AG, Cayman Islands Branch, dated as of June 26, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.36 
 
 Extension Letter to Master Repurchase Agreement between CMTG DB Finance LLC and Deutsche Bank AG, Cayman Islands Branch, dated as of May 7, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.37 
 
 First Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement between CMTG DB Finance LLC and Deutsche Bank AG, Cayman Islands Branch, dated as of September 3, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.38 
 
 Omnibus Assignment, Assumption and Recognition Agreement, among Deutsche Bank AG, Cayman Islands Branch, Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, CMTG DB Finance LLC, CMTG DB Finance Series I, CMTG DB Finance Series II, Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. and CMTG DB Finance Holdco LLC, dated as of September 3, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.39 
 
 Guaranty made by Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. in favor of Deutsche Bank AG, Cayman Islands Branch, dated as of June 26, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.40 
 
 Term Loan Credit Agreement between Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., dated as of August 9, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.41 
 
 Loan Guaranty by and among the subsidiary guarantors named therein and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., dated as of August 9, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

90 

10.42 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Term Loan Credit Agreement by and among Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors named therein, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., dated as of December 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.43 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Term Loan Credit Agreement by and among the Company, the subsidiary guarantors named therein, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent, dated as of December 2, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated December 3, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 001-40993 

10.44 
 
 Pledge and Security Agreement by and among Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors named therein and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., dated as of August 9, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.45 
 
 Master Repurchase Agreement between CMTG WF Finance LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, dated as of September 29, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.46 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract by and between CMTG WF Finance LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, dated as of March 7, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated March 9, 2022, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 001-40993) 

10.47 
 
 Guarantee Agreement made by Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, dated as of September 29, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

10.48 
 
 Master Participation and Administration Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2022, by and among JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, CMTG JPM Term Holdco LLC, CMTG JPM Term Funding LLC and Situs Asset Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, dated November 9, 2022, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 001-40993) 

10.49 
 
 Amended and Restated Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2022, by and between CMTG GS Finance LLC and Goldman Sachs Bank USA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, dated August 2, 2022, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 001-40993) 

10.50 
 
 Amended and Restated Guarantee Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2022, by and between Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. and Goldman Sachs Bank USA 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, dated October 28, 2021, filed by the Company, Commission File No. 333-260140) 

23.1 
 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

91 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 92 
 
 SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. 

Date: February 16, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Richard J. Mack 

Richard J. Mack 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Richard J. Mack 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 February 16, 2023 

Richard J. Mack 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jai Agarwal 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 February 16, 2023 

Jai Agarwal 

/s/ J. Michael McGillis 
 
 President and Director 
 
 February 16, 2023 

J. Michael McGillis 

/s/ Steven L. Richman 
 
 Director 
 
 February 16, 2023 

Steven L. Richman 

/s/ Andrew Silberstein 
 
 Director 
 
 February 16, 2023 

Andrew Silberstein 

/s/ Derrick D. Cephas 
 
 Director 
 
 February 16, 2023 

Derrick D. Cephas 

/s/ Mary Haggerty 
 
 Director 
 
 February 16, 2023 

Mary Haggerty 

/s/ Pamela Liebman 
 
 Director 
 
 February 16, 2023 

Pamela Liebman 

/s/ Vincent Tese 
 
 Director 
 
 February 16, 2023 

Vincent Tese 

/s/ W. Edward Walter III 
 
 Director 
 
 February 16, 2023 

W. Edward Walter III 

93 

<EX-10>
 2
 cmtg-ex10_50.htm
 EX-10.50

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.5 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

AMENDED AND RESTATED MASTER REPURCHASE AND 
 SECURITIES CONTRACT AGREEMENT 
 
 among 
 
 CMTG GS FINANCE LLC, 
 
 as Seller, GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, 
 as Administrative Agent, and 
 THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS PARTY HERETO 
 
 as Buyers 

Dated: March 7, 2022 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Page 

ARTICLE 1. APPLICABILITY	1 
 ARTICLE 2. DEFINITIONS	2 
 ARTICLE 3. INITIATION; CONFIRMATION; TERMINATION; FEES	28 
 ARTICLE 4. MARGIN MAINTENANCE	37 
 ARTICLE 5. INCOME PAYMENTS AND PRINCIPAL PAYMENTS	38 
 ARTICLE 6. SECURITY INTEREST	39 
 ARTICLE 7. PAYMENT, TRANSFER AND CUSTODY	41 
 ARTICLE 8. SALE, TRANSFER, HYPOTHECATION OR PLEDGE OF PURCHASED 
 ASSETS	43 
 ARTICLE 9. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES	43 
 ARTICLE 10. NEGATIVE COVENANTS OF SELLER	51 
 ARTICLE 11. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS OF SELLER	52 
 ARTICLE 12. SINGLE PURPOSE ENTITY	57 
 ARTICLE 13. EVENTS OF DEFAULT; REMEDIES	59 
 ARTICLE 14. INCREASED COSTS; TAXES	65 
 ARTICLE 15. SINGLE AGREEMENT	71 
 ARTICLE 16. RECORDING OF COMMUNICATIONS	71 
 ARTICLE 17. NOTICES AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS	71 
 ARTICLE 18. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; SEVERABILITY	72 
 ARTICLE 19. NON ASSIGNABILITY	72 
 -i- 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 ARTICLE 20. GOVERNING LAW	73 
 ARTICLE 21. NO WAIVERS, ETC.	73 
 ARTICLE 22. USE OF EMPLOYEE PLAN ASSETS	73 
 ARTICLE 23. INTENT	74 
 ARTICLE 24. DISCLOSURE RELATING TO CERTAIN FEDERAL PROTECTIONS	75 
 ARTICLE 25. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; WAIVERS	76 
 ARTICLE 26. NO RELIANCE	77 
 ARTICLE 27. INDEMNITY	77 
 ARTICLE 28. DUE DILIGENCE	78 
 ARTICLE 29. SERVICING	79 
 ARTICLE 30. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT	80 
 ARTICLE 31. MISCELLANEOUS	83 
 ARTICLE 32. AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT	86 

-ii- 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 ANNEXES, EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES 
 ANNEX I	Names and Addresses for Communications among Parties SCHEDULE I	Prohibited Transferees 
 SCHEDULE II	Purchased Asset File 
 SCHEDULE III	Buyers 
 EXHIBIT I	 Form of Confirmation Statement EXHIBIT II	 Authorized Representatives of Seller EXHIBIT III-A	 Monthly Reporting Package EXHIBIT III-B	Quarterly Reporting Package EXHIBIT III-C	Annual Reporting Package EXHIBIT IV	 Form of Power of Attorney 
 EXHIBIT V	Representations and Warranties Regarding Individual Purchased Assets EXHIBIT VI	Advance Procedures 
 EXHIBIT VII	Form of Margin Deficit Notice EXHIBIT VIII	Form of Tax Compliance Certificates 
 EXHIBIT IX	Form of Covenant Compliance Certificate EXHIBIT X	UCC Filing Jurisdictions 
 EXHIBIT XI	Form of Servicer Notice 
 EXHIBIT XII	Form of Release Letter 
 EXHIBIT XIII	Reserved 
 EXHIBIT XIV	 Form of Custodial Delivery Certificate EXHIBIT XV	Form of Bailee Letter 
 EXHIBIT XVI	Reserved 
 EXHIBIT XVII	Future Funding Advance Procedures 

-iii- 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED MASTER REPURCHASE AND SECURITIES CONTRACT AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED MASTER REPURCHASE AND SECURITIES CONTRACT 
 AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of March 7, 2022, by and among GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank, as administrative agent (in such capacity, together with its permitted successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent for GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank GSBUSA ), and such other financial institutions from time to time party hereto as buyers (GSBUSA, together with the entities listed on Schedule III hereto as of the date hereof, and such other financial institutions from time to time party hereto as buyers, and together with their respective successors and assigns, collectively Buyers and individually, each a Buyer ), Buyers and CMTG GS FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Seller ). 
 
 WHEREAS, GSBUSA and Seller are parties to that certain Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2017, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of May 29, 2018, as further amended by that certain Second Amendment to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2018, as further amended by that certain Third Amendment to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement and First Amendment to Guarantee Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2019, as further amended by that certain Fourth Amendment to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2019, as further amended by that certain Fifth Amendment to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of October 30, 2019, as further amended by that certain Sixth Amendment to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2020, as further amended by that certain Forbearance Agreement and Seventh Amendment to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2020, as further amended by that certain Eighth Amendment to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2021, and as further amended by that certain Ninth Amendment to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement and Second Amendment to Fee Letter, dated as of September 2, 2021 (collectively, the Original Master Repurchase Agreement ); 
 
 WHEREAS, Administrative Agent, Buyers and Seller desire to amend and restate the Original Master Repurchase Agreement in its entirety upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants set forth in this Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree that the Original Master Repurchase Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 
 
 ARTICLE 1. 
 APPLICABILITY 
 
 From time to time during the Availability Period the parties hereto may enter into transactions in which Seller and Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, agree to the transfer from Seller to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, of all of its rights, title and interest in certain Eligible Assets (as defined herein) or other assets and, in each case, the other related Purchased Items (as defined herein) (collectively, the Assets against the transfer of funds by Buyers to Seller, with a simultaneous agreement by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to transfer back to Seller such Assets at a date certain or on demand, against the transfer of funds by Seller to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers. Each such transaction shall be referred to herein as a Transaction and, unless otherwise agreed in writing, shall be governed by this Agreement, including any supplemental terms or conditions contained in any exhibits identified herein as applicable hereunder. Each individual transfer of an 
 
 1 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

2 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Eligible Asset shall constitute a distinct Transaction. Notwithstanding any provision or agreement herein, at no time shall Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, be obligated or committed to purchase or effect the transfer of any Eligible Asset from Seller to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers. For the avoidance of doubt, upon receipt of the Repurchase Price in each Transaction, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall be obligated to return to Seller the same Purchased Assets Seller originally transferred to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, pursuant to such Transaction in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 
 ARTICLE 2. DEFINITIONS 
 
 1934 Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 Accelerated Repurchase Date shall have the meaning set forth in Article 13(b)(i) of this Agreement. 
 
 Acceptable Attorney shall mean an attorney at law that has delivered at Seller s request a Bailee Letter, with the exception of an attorney that is not satisfactory to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, as specified in a written notice from Administrative Agent to Seller. 
 
 Accepted Servicing Practices shall mean with respect to any applicable Purchased Asset, those mortgage loan servicing practices of prudent mortgage lending institutions that service mortgage loans of the same type as such Purchased Asset in the jurisdiction where the related underlying real estate directly or indirectly securing or supporting such Purchased Asset is located. 
 
 Act of Insolvency shall mean, with respect to any Person, (i) the filing of a petition by such Person, commencing, or authorizing the commencement of any case or proceeding under any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, wind up, liquidation, dissolution or similar law relating to the protection of creditors Insolvency Law ), or suffering any such petition or proceeding to be commenced by another which is consented to, not timely contested or results in entry of an order for relief that, in the case of an action not initiated by or on behalf of or with the consent of Seller, is not dismissed or stayed within sixty 
 (60) days; (ii) the seeking or consenting to the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, trustee, custodian or similar official for such Person or any substantial part of the property of such Person; (iii) the appointment of a receiver, conservator, or manager for such Person by any governmental agency or authority having the jurisdiction to do so; (iv) the making of a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (v) the admission by such Person of its inability to pay its debts or discharge its obligations as they become due or mature; (vi) that any Governmental Authority or agency or any person, agency or entity acting or purporting to act under Governmental Authority shall have taken any action to condemn, seize or appropriate, or to assume custody or control of, all or any substantial part of the property of such Person, or shall have taken any action to displace the management of such Person or to curtail its authority in the conduct of the business of such Person; (vii) the consent by such Person to the entry of an order for relief in an insolvency case under any Insolvency Law; or (viii) the taking of action by any such Person in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 
 
 Additional Advance shall have the meaning set forth in Article 3(k) of this Agreement. 
 
 Administrative Agent shall mean Goldman Sachs Bank USA, a New York state-chartered bank, in its capacity as administrative agent hereunder, together with its permitted successors and assigns. 
 
 Advance Rate shall mean, with respect to each Transaction, the initial Advance Rate selected by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, for such Transaction on a case by case basis in its sole 
 
 3 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

4 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 discretion as shown in the related Confirmation, as may be adjusted for any Future Funding Advance as set forth herein and reflected in any amended and restated Confirmation, which in any case shall not exceed the Maximum Advance Rate, unless otherwise agreed to by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and Seller. 
 
 Affiliate shall mean, when used with respect to any specified Person, any other Person directly or indirectly Controlling, Controlled by, or under common Control with, such Person. 
 
 Agreement shall mean this Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among Seller, Administrative Agent and Buyers as such agreement may be amended, restated, modified or supplemented from time to time. 
 
 Amortization Period shall have the meaning specified in Article 3(m)(i) . 
 
 Amortization Period Additional Percentage shall have the meaning set forth in the Fee Letter, which definition is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Amortization Period Beginning Balance shall mean the aggregate outstanding Purchase Prices of all Purchased Assets on the Availability Period Expiration Date. 
 
 Amortization Period Conditions shall have the meaning specified in Article 3(m)(i) . 
 
 Amortization Period Expiration Date shall have the meaning specified in Article 3(m)(i) . 
 
 Amortization Period Fee shall have the meaning set forth in the Fee Letter, which definition is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Amortization Period Purchased Assets shall mean those Purchased Assets that will remain subject to the terms of this Agreement during the Amortization Period in accordance with Article 3(m)(i) . 
 
 Annual Reporting Package shall mean the reporting package described on Exhibit III-C . 
 
 Anti-Money Laundering Laws shall have the meaning set forth in Article 9(b)(xxix) of this Agreement. 
 
 Applicable Spread shall mean: 
 
 (i) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the amount set forth in the Fee Letter as being the Applicable Spread , and 

(ii) after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the (x) applicable incremental percentage described in clause (i) of this definition, plus (y) five percent (5.0 ). 

Appraisal shall mean an appraisal of the related Underlying Mortgaged Property from an Independent Appraiser that is compliant with the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act and prepared by a third-party appraiser addressed to, or permitted to be relied upon by, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and satisfactory to Administrative Agent. 
 
 Assets shall have the meaning set forth in Article 1 of this Agreement. 
 
 Assignee shall have the meaning set forth in Article 19(a) of this Agreement. 
 
 5 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

6 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Assignment of Leases shall mean, with respect to any Purchased Asset that is a Senior Mortgage Loan, any assignment of leases, rents and profits or equivalent instrument, whether contained in the related Mortgage or executed separately, assigning to the holder or holders of such Mortgage all of the related Mortgagor s interest in the leases, rents and profits derived from the ownership, operation, leasing or disposition of all or a portion of the related Underlying Mortgaged Property as security for repayment of such Purchased Asset. 
 
 Availability Period shall mean the period commencing on the Closing Date and expiring on the Availability Period Expiration Date. 
 
 Availability Period Expiration Date shall mean May 31, 2022, as the same may be extended in accordance with Article 3(i)(ii) of this Agreement. 
 
 Availability Period Renewal Conditions shall have the meaning set forth in Article 3(i) of this Agreement. 
 
 Bailee Letter shall mean a letter substantially in the form as Exhibit XV from an Acceptable Attorney or a Title Company or another Person acceptable to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in its sole discretion, in form and substance acceptable to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in its sole discretion, wherein such Acceptable Attorney, Title Company or other Person described above in possession of a Purchased Asset File (i) acknowledges receipt of such Purchased Asset File, (ii) confirms that such Acceptable Attorney, Title Company or other Person acceptable to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, is holding the same as bailee or agent on behalf of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, under such letter and (iii) agrees that such Acceptable Attorney, Title Company or other Person described above shall deliver such Purchased Asset File to the Custodian, or as otherwise directed by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, by not later than the third (3rd) Business Day following the Purchase Date for the related Purchased Asset. 
 
 Bankruptcy Code shall mean Title 11 of the United States Code (11 U.S.C. 101, et. seq. ), as amended, modified or replaced from time to time. 
 
 Benchmark shall mean, initially, either (x) LIBOR (provided, that LIBOR shall only be permitted as a Benchmark for Purchased Assets with Purchase Dates on or prior to December 31, 2021 (any such asset a LIBOR Purchased Asset ), after which the Benchmark shall be Term SOFR) or (y) Term SOFR, in each case as set forth in the applicable Confirmation for the subject Purchased Asset; provided , that on or prior to the date that is the Benchmark Replacement Date for LIBOR, the Benchmark for all LIBOR Purchased Assets shall be converted to Term SOFR; provided , further that at the election of Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, the Benchmark for any Future Funding Advance for a LIBOR Purchased Asset shall be Term SOFR; provided , further that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Term SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement (for purposes of clarity, for all LIBOR Purchased Assets, the Benchmark Replacement shall be deemed to be Term SOFR). 
 
 Benchmark Floor shall mean the greater of (x) zero percent (0 and (y) the floor indicated in the Confirmation for any Purchased Asset. 
 
 Benchmark Interim Unavailability Period shall mean any Pricing Rate Period for which Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, determines that (a) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the then-current Benchmark, unless and until a Benchmark Replacement has been implemented with respect thereto pursuant to Section 14(a) , or (b) it is unlawful to use the then-current Benchmark to determine the applicable Price Differential. 
 
 7 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

8 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Benchmark Replacement shall mean, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the 
 sum of: 
 
 (i) the alternate benchmark rate of interest that has been selected by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark, giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate, or the mechanism for determining such a rate, by the Relevant Governmental Body, or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated commercial real estate repurchase facilities and/or floating rate commercial mortgage loans at such time (the Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement ), and; 

(ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

provided that, in no event shall the Benchmark Replacement for any Pricing Rate Period be deemed to be less than the Benchmark Floor. 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment shall mean, with respect to any Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated commercial real estate repurchase facilities and/or floating rate commercial mortgage loans at such time. 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes shall mean, with respect to either the use or administration of LIBOR, Term SOFR or any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Pricing Rate Period , Pricing Rate Determination Date and Remittance Date , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of Price Differential, preceding and succeeding business day conventions and other administrative matters) that Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, determines may be appropriate or necessary to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice for U.S. dollar-denominated commercial real estate repurchase facilities and/or floating rate commercial mortgage loans (or, if Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement). 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Date shall mean the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark, or each Purchased Asset, as applicable: 
 
 (i) in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; and 

9 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (ii) in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness, non-compliance or non-alignment will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (iii) and even if any available tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date; and 

(iii) in the case of clause (iv) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of such adoption or change in any Requirement or Law of in the interpretation or application thereof as determined by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 

Benchmark Transition Event shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark for each Purchased Asset, as applicable: 
 
 (i) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; 

(ii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; 

(iii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative; or 

(iv) the adoption of or any change in any Requirement of Law or in the interpretation or application thereof that makes it unlawful for any Purchased Asset to accrue Price Differential based on the then-current Benchmark for such Purchased Asset. 

Breakage Costs shall have the meaning set forth thereto in Article 14(f) . 
 
 Business Day shall mean a day other than (i) a Saturday or Sunday, or (ii) a day in which the New York Stock Exchange or banks in the State of New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to be closed. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, when used with respect to the determination of LIBOR, Business Day shall only be a day on which commercial banks are open for international business (including dealings in U.S. Dollar deposits) in London, England. 
 
 Buyer and Buyers shall mean (i) Goldman Sachs Bank USA, a New York state-chartered bank, in its capacity as buyer hereunder, together with its permitted successors and assigns and (ii) such other financial institutions from time to time party hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 
 Buyer s LTV shall mean, on any date, with respect to any Purchased Asset, the quotient (expressed as a percentage) of (i) the then outstanding Purchase Price of such Purchased Asset divided by 

10 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (ii) the value of the related Underlying Mortgaged Property as determined by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in its sole discretion. 

Capital Stock shall mean any and all shares, interests, or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a corporation, any and all equivalent equity ownership interests in a Person which is not a corporation, including, without limitation, any and all member or other equivalent interests in any limited liability company, any and all partner or other equivalent interests in any partnership or limited partnership, and any and all warrants or options to purchase any of the foregoing. 
 
 Capitalized Lease Obligations shall mean obligations under a lease that are required to be capitalized for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. The amount of a Capitalized Lease Obligation is the capitalized amount of such obligation as would be required to be reflected on the balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP of the applicable Person as of the applicable date. 
 
 Cause shall mean, with respect to an Independent Director, (a) acts or omissions by such Independent Director that constitute willful disregard of, or bad faith or gross negligence with respect to, the Independent Director s duties with respect to Seller s obligations under this Agreement, (b) such Independent Director has engaged in or has been charged with, or has been convicted of, fraud or other acts constituting a crime under any law applicable to such Independent Director, (c) such Independent Director is unable to perform his or her duties as Independent Director due to death, disability or incapacity, or (d) such Independent Director no longer meets the definition of Independent Director, as that term is defined in this Article 2 . 
 
 Change of Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: 
 
 (a) prior to a Public Listing or Public Sale of Guarantor: 

(i) Claros Manager ceases to perform its obligation under the Claros Management Agreement; provided that if Guarantor s management is internalized , whether by acquisition of, or merger or other combination with, Claros Manager, or otherwise, such internalization shall not be deemed to be a transfer subject to this subsection (i); 

(ii) Guarantor shall cease to own and control, of record and beneficially, directly or indirectly, 100 of each class of the outstanding Capital Stock of Seller; 

(iii) any time that less than two (2) of the following four (4) Persons continue to be actively and directly involved in the management and policies of Guarantor: (1) Richard Mack, 

(2) Michael McGillis, (3) Kevin Cullinan and (4) Priyanka Garg; 
 
 (iv) a Transfer, whether directly or indirectly through its direct or indirect Subsidiaries, of all or substantially all of Seller s or Guarantor s assets (excluding (a) any Transfer or Transfers by or among Guarantor, Seller and any Subsidiary or Subsidiaries (other than any Purchased Asset) and (b) any Transfer in connection with any securitization transaction or repurchase or other similar transaction in the ordinary course of Seller s or Guarantor s business); or 

(b) following a Public Listing or Public Sale of Guarantor, the following shall occur with respect to the applicable Public Vehicle: 

(i) any transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of Guarantor to a Person that is not managed by Claros Manager, except for a securitization conducted or contributed to by 

11 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Guarantor in the ordinary course of business; provided that if Guarantor s management is internalized , whether by acquisition of, or merger or other combination with, Claros Manager, or otherwise, such internalization shall not be deemed to be a transfer subject to this subsection (i); 
 
 (ii) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any person, other than Claros Manager or a Permitted Holder, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the 1934 Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 35 on a fully diluted basis (excluding Affiliates) of the Public Vehicle s outstanding Voting Stock or other Voting Stock into which the Public Vehicle s Voting Stock is reclassified, consolidated, exchanged or changed, measured by voting power rather than number of shares; 

(iii) the Public Vehicle consolidates with, or merges with or into, any person, or any person consolidates with, or merges with or into, the Public Vehicle, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the Public Vehicle s outstanding Voting Stock or the Voting Stock of such other person is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any such transaction where the shares of the Public Vehicle s Voting Stock outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Stock of the surviving person or any direct or indirect parent company of the surviving person immediately after giving effect to such transaction; or 

(iv) the adoption of a plan relating to the Public Vehicle s liquidation or dissolution. The term person, as used in this definition, has the meaning given thereto in Section 13(d)(3) of the 1934 Act. 

For the avoidance of doubt, neither a Public Listing nor a Public Sale of Guarantor shall be deemed a Change of Control. 
 
 Claros Management Agreement shall mean that certain Amended and Restated Management Agreement dated as of July 8, 2016, by and between Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. and Claros Manager. 
 
 Claros Manager shall mean Claros REIT Management LP, a Delaware limited partnership, together with its successors and assigns. 
 
 Closing Date shall mean the date of this Agreement. 
 
 Co-Buyer Agreement shall mean, collectively, (i) any co-buyer agreements entered into among Administrative Agent and one or more Buyers in connection with the Transactions and the Transaction Documents and (ii) any participation agreements entered into among Administrative Agent, one or more Buyers and any Participants in connection with the Transactions and the Transaction Documents, as each may be amended, modified and/or restated from time to time. 
 
 Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder. 
 
 Collection Period shall mean (i) with respect to the first Remittance Date, the period beginning on and including the Closing Date and continuing to and including the calendar day immediately preceding such Remittance Date, and (ii) with respect to each subsequent Remittance Date, the period beginning on and including the immediately preceding Remittance Date and continuing to and including the calendar day immediately preceding the following Remittance Date. 

12 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Concentration Limit shall mean, the following amounts or maximum percentage concentration limits based, where applicable, in each case, as of any date of determination, on the aggregate Purchase Price or individual Purchase Price for the applicable Purchased Asset(s), as the case may be, as a percentage of the Maximum Facility Amount: 
 
 (i) as of any date of determination, for all Purchased Assets for which the Underlying Mortgaged Property consists of hospitality properties, thirty-five percent (35 ); 

(ii) as of any date of determination, for all Purchased Assets for which the Underlying Mortgaged Property consists of retail shopping malls, thirty-five percent (35 ); 

(iii) as of any date of determination, except with respect to Purchased Assets for which the Underlying Mortgaged Property consists of hospitality properties, for all Purchased Assets for which the Underlying Mortgaged Property consists of a single property type (e.g. mixed-use, multi- family, office, retail, industrial, hospitality or warehouse properties), sixty percent (60 ); and 

(iv) for any single Purchased Asset as of the related Purchase Date, not less than 

10,000,000.00 or greater than 100,000,000.00. 
 
 Confirmation shall mean a written confirmation in the form of Exhibit I , duly completed, executed and delivered by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and Seller. 
 
 Connection Income Taxes shall mean Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 
 Control shall mean, with respect to any Person, the possession of the direct or indirect power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Control , Controlling , Controlled and under common Control shall have correlative meanings. 
 
 Covenant Compliance Certificate shall mean a properly completed and executed Covenant Compliance Certificate in form and substance of the certificate attached hereto as Exhibit IX . 
 
 Custodial Agreement shall mean the Amended and Restated Custodial Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Custodian, Seller and Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, as amended, modified and/or restated from time to time. 
 
 Custodial Delivery Certificate shall mean the form executed by Seller in order to deliver the Purchased Asset Schedule and the Purchased Asset File to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, or its designee (including the Custodian) pursuant to Article 7 of this Agreement, a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit XIV . 
 
 Custodian shall mean Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., or any successor Custodian appointed by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and reasonably acceptable to Seller, or appointed by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in its sole discretion during the continuance of an Event of Default. 
 
 Delivery Failure shall have the meaning set forth in the Bailee Letter. 
 
 Depository shall mean JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., or any successor Depository appointed by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in its sole discretion and reasonably acceptable to Seller, or 
 
 13 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

14 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 appointed by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in its sole discretion during the continuance of an Event of Default. 
 
 Depository Account shall mean a segregated account, in the name of Seller, in trust for Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, established at Depository in accordance with this Agreement, and which is subject to the Depository Agreement. 
 
 Depository Agreement shall mean that certain Amended and Restated Deposit Account Control Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, Seller and Depository, as amended, modified and/or restated from time to time. 
 
 Draw Fee shall have the meaning set forth in the Fee Letter, which definition is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Due Diligence Package shall have the meaning set forth in Exhibit VI to this Agreement. 
 
 Early Repurchase Date shall have the meaning set forth in Article 3(f)(i) of this Agreement. 
 
 Electronic Signature shall have the meaning specified in Article 31(b) of this Agreement. 
 
 Eligible Assets shall mean any of the following types of assets or loans (a) that are acceptable to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in its sole discretion (determined as of the relevant Purchase Date), (b) with respect to which as of the related Purchase Date the representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement (including the exhibits hereto) are true and correct in all respects except to the extent disclosed in a Requested Exceptions Report approved by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and (c) where the Underlying Mortgaged Property consists of mixed-use, multi-family, office, retail, industrial, hospitality or warehouse properties or such other types of properties that Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, may agree to in its sole discretion that are located in the United States of America, its territories or possessions (or elsewhere, in the sole discretion of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers): 
 
 (i) Senior Mortgage Loans; and 

(ii) any other asset or loan types or classifications that are acceptable to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, subject to its consent on all necessary and appropriate modifications to this Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents, as determined by Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the following shall not be Eligible Assets for purposes of this Agreement: (i) non-performing loans; (ii) any Asset, where payment of the Purchase Price with respect thereto would cause the aggregate of all Purchase Prices to exceed the Maximum Facility Amount; (iii) loans for which, the applicable Appraisal is not dated within one hundred eighty (180) calendar days of the proposed Purchase Date (or such other time period as approved by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in Administrative Agent s sole discretion); (iv) loans in which the related loan agreement or other documents and/or instruments evidencing such loans contain restrictions on assignment by the lender; (v) Assets that, upon becoming a Purchased Asset, would cause the Purchase Price of the applicable Purchased Asset or the aggregate Purchase Price of the applicable Purchased Assets to violate the Concentration Limit; (vi) construction loans or land loans (provided, that, loans allowing for advances relating to tenant improvement buildouts or renovations may be permitted); 
 (vii) Assets that, upon becoming a Purchased Asset, have a Mortgaged Property LTV greater than seventy-five percent (75 ); and (viii) Assets that are not secured by cash-flowing Underlying Mortgaged 

15 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Properties, provided that Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, may consider an Asset that is secured by a non cash-flowing Underlying Mortgaged Property in its sole discretion on a case-by-case basis. 
 
 Environmental Law shall mean any federal, state, foreign or local statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, guideline, written policy and rule of common law now or hereafter in effect and in each case as amended, and any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or administrative order, consent decree or judgment, relating to the environment, employee health and safety or hazardous materials, including, without limitation, CERCLA; RCRA; the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, 33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq .; the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq .; the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq .; the Safe Drinking Water Act, 42 U.S.C. 3803 et seq .; the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, 33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq .; the Emergency Planning and the Community Right-to-Know Act of 1986, 42 U.S.C. 11001 et seq .; the Hazardous Material Transportation Act, 49 
 U.S.C. 1801 et seq . and the Occupational Safety and Health Act, 29 U.S.C. 651 et seq .; and any state and local or foreign counterparts or equivalents, in each case as amended from time to time. 
 
 ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Article references to ERISA are to ERISA, as in effect at the date of this Agreement and, as of the relevant date, any subsequent provisions of ERISA, amendatory thereof, supplemental thereto or substituted therefor. 
 
 ERISA Affiliate shall mean any corporation or trade or business that is a member of any group of organizations (i) described in Article 414(b) or (c) of the Code of which Seller is a member and (ii) solely for purposes of potential liability under Article 302(c)(11) of ERISA and Article 412(c)(11) of the Code and the lien created under Article 302(f) of ERISA and Article 412(n) of the Code, described in Article 414(m) or (o) of the Code of which Seller is a member. 
 
 Erroneous Payment shall have the meaning set forth in Article 30(d)(i) of this Agreement. 
 
 Event of Default shall have the meaning set forth in Article 13 of this Agreement. 
 
 Excluded Taxes shall mean any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or any Transferee, or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to any Recipient or Transferee, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of any Recipient or Transferee being organized under the laws of or having its principal office, or its applicable lending office located in the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Recipient or Transferee under this Agreement pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Recipient or Transferee acquires an interest hereunder (other than pursuant to an assignment request by Seller under Article 14(m) or (ii) such Recipient or Transferee changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Articles 14(g) and 14(j) , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to Recipient s or Transferee s assignor immediately before such Recipient or Transferee acquired an interest hereunder or to such Recipient or Transferee immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient or Transferee s failure to comply with Article 14(k) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 
 Exit Fee shall have the meaning set forth in the Fee Letter, which definition is incorporated herein by reference. 

16 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 FATCA shall mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or official practices implementing any intergovernmental agreement in connection thereto. 
 
 FATF shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Prohibited Investor. 
 
 FDIA shall have the meaning set forth in Article 23(c) of this Agreement. 
 
 FDICIA shall have the meaning set forth in Article 23(e) of this Agreement. 
 
 Federal Funds Rate shall mean, for any day, an interest rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average of the quotations at approximately 10:00 a.m. (New York time) on such day or such transactions received by Administrative Agent from three (3) federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 
 
 Fee Letter shall mean that certain Amended and Restated Fee Letter, dated as of the date hereof, between Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and Seller, as amended, modified and/or restated from time to time. 
 
 Filings shall have the meaning set forth in Article 6(c) of this Agreement. 
 
 Financing Lease shall mean any lease of property, real or personal, the obligations of the lessee in respect of which are required in accordance with GAAP to be capitalized on a balance sheet of the lessee. 
 
 Force Majeure Event shall mean any of the following: (a) there has occurred and is continuing an outbreak of significant hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis the effect of which is that, in the reasonable judgment of Administrative Agent, it is impossible or commercially inadvisable to continue to enter into transactions in the repurchase (or repo market or financing market with respect to assets similar to Eligible Assets, (b) a banking moratorium has been declared and is continuing under federal law, New York law or by federal or New York Governmental Authorities or other applicable authorities, (c) a general suspension of trading on nationally-recognized stock exchanges has occurred or (d) Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, is and continues to be prohibited, as a result of any Requirement of Law, from entering into transactions similar to those contemplated under the Transaction Documents. 
 
 Foreign Buyer shall mean (a) if the Seller is a U.S. Person, a Buyer that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Seller is not a U.S. Person, a Buyer that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Seller is resident for tax purposes. 
 
 Future Funding Advance shall have the meaning set forth in Article 3(l) of this Agreement. 
 
 Future Funding Due Diligence Package shall have the meaning set forth in Exhibit XVI 
 hereto. 

17 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 GAAP shall mean United States generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied as in effect from time to time. 
 
 Governmental Authority shall mean any national or federal government, any state, regional, local or other political subdivision thereof with jurisdiction and any Person with jurisdiction exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to any such government or subdivision thereof (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 
 GSBUSA shall mean Goldman Sachs Bank USA, a New York state-chartered bank, in its capacity as buyer hereunder, together with its permitted successors and assigns. 
 
 Guarantee Agreement shall mean the Amended and Restated Guarantee Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, from Guarantor in favor of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time. 
 
 Guarantor shall mean Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation. 
 
 Income shall mean, with respect to any Purchased Asset at any time, (a) any collections of principal, interest, dividends, receipts or other distributions or collections and (b) all net sale proceeds received by Seller or any Affiliate of Seller in connection with a sale or liquidation of such Purchased Asset. 
 
 Indebtedness shall mean, for any Person, (a) obligations created, issued or incurred by such Person for borrowed money (whether by loan, the issuance and sale of debt securities or the sale of property to another Person subject to an understanding or agreement, contingent or otherwise, to repurchase such property from such Person); (b) obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase or acquisition price of property or services, other than trade accounts payable (other than for borrowed money) arising, and accrued expenses incurred, in the ordinary course of business so long as such trade accounts payable are payable within sixty (60) calendar days of the date the respective goods are delivered or the respective services are rendered; (c) Indebtedness of others secured by a Lien on the property of such Person, whether or not the respective Indebtedness so secured has been assumed by such Person; (d) obligations (contingent or otherwise) of such Person in respect of letters of credit or similar instruments issued or accepted by banks and other financial institutions for account of such Person; (e) obligations of such Person under repurchase agreements, sale/buy-back agreements or like arrangements; 
 (f) Indebtedness of others guaranteed by such Person; (g) all obligations of such Person incurred in connection with the acquisition or carrying of fixed assets by such Person; (h) Indebtedness of general partnerships of which such Person is secondarily or contingently liable (other than by endorsement of instruments in the course of collection), whether by reason of any agreement to acquire such indebtedness to supply or advance sums or otherwise; (i) Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person; (j) all net liabilities or obligations under any interest rate, interest rate swap, interest rate cap, interest rate floor, interest rate collar, or other hedging instrument or agreement; and (k) all obligations of such Person under Financing Leases. 
 
 Indemnified Amounts and Indemnified Parties shall have the meaning set forth in Article 27 of this Agreement. 
 
 Indemnified Taxes shall mean (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of Seller under any Transaction Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) of this definition, Other Taxes. 

18 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Independent Appraiser shall mean an independent professional real estate appraiser who is a member in good standing of the American Appraisal Institute, and, if the state in which the subject Underlying Mortgaged Property is located certifies or licenses appraisers, is certified or licensed in such state, and in each such case, who has a minimum of five (5) years experience in the subject property type. 
 
 Independent Director shall mean an individual with at least three (3) years of employment experience serving as an independent director at the time of appointment who is provided by, and is in good standing with, CT Corporation, Corporation Service Company, National Registered Agents, Inc., Wilmington Trust Company, Stewart Management Company, Lord Securities Corporation or, if none of those companies is then providing professional independent directors or managers or is not acceptable to the Rating Agencies, another nationally recognized company reasonably approved by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in each case that is not an Affiliate of Seller and that provides professional independent directors or managers and other corporate services in the ordinary course of its business, and which individual is duly appointed as a member of the board of directors or board of managers of Seller and is not, and has never been, and will not while serving as independent director or manager be: 
 
 (a) a member (other than an independent, non-economic springing member), partner, equityholder, manager, director, officer or employee of Seller or Seller s equityholders or Affiliates (other than as an independent director or manager of an Affiliate of Seller that is not in the direct chain of ownership of Seller and that is required by a creditor to be a Single Purpose Entity, provided that such independent director or manager is employed by a company that routinely provides professional independent directors or managers in the ordinary course of business); 

(b) a customer, creditor, supplier or service provider (including provider of professional services) to Seller or Seller s equityholders or Affiliates (other than a nationally recognized company that routinely provides professional independent directors or managers and other corporate services to Seller or Seller s equityholders or Affiliates in the ordinary course of business); 

(c) a family member of any such member, partner, equityholder, manager, director, officer, employee, customer, creditor, supplier or service provider; or 

(d) a Person that controls or is under common control with (whether directly, indirectly or otherwise) any of (a), (b) or (c) above. 

A natural person who otherwise satisfies the foregoing definition other than subparagraph (a) by reason of being the independent director or manager of a single purpose bankruptcy remote entity in the direct chain of ownership of Seller shall not be disqualified from serving as an independent director or manager of Seller, provided that the fees that such individual earns from serving as independent directors or managers of such Affiliates in any given year constitute in the aggregate less than five percent (5 of such individual s annual income for that year. 
 
 Investment Company Act shall have the meaning set forth in Article 9(b)(xv) of this Agreement. 
 
 IRS shall mean the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 
 Knowledge shall mean shall mean, as of any date of determination, collectively, (i) the actual knowledge after due inquiry of any Responsible Officer or employee of Seller or an Affiliate and (ii) all 

19 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 knowledge that is imputed to a Person under any statute, rule, regulation, ordinance, or official decree or order. Known , Knowingly or other variations of Knowledge shall have meanings correlative thereto. 
 
 LIBOR shall mean, with respect to each Pricing Rate Period, the rate determined by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to be (i) the per annum rate for one (1) month deposits in U.S. dollars, which appears on the Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page (or any successor thereto) as the London Interbank Offering Rate as of the Reference Time (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1/1000 of 1 ); (ii) if such rate does not appear on said Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page, the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the offered quotations of rates obtained by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, from the Reference Banks for one (1) month deposits in U.S. dollars to prime banks in the London Interbank market as of approximately the Reference Time and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time; or (iii) if fewer than two (2) Reference Banks provide Administrative Agent with such quotations, the rate per annum which Administrative Agent determines to be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the offered quotations of rates which major banks in New York, New York selected by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, are quoting at approximately 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Pricing Rate Determination Date for loans in U.S. dollars to leading European banks for a period equal to the applicable Pricing Rate Period in amounts of not less than 1,000,000.00; provided , that such selected banks shall be the same banks as selected for all of Administrative Agent s other customers where LIBOR is to be applied, to the extent such banks are available. Administrative Agent s determination of LIBOR shall be binding and conclusive on Seller absent manifest error. LIBOR may or may not be the lowest rate based upon the market for U.S. dollar deposits in the London Interbank Eurodollar Market at which Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, prices loans on the date which LIBOR is determined by Administrative Agent as set forth above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will LIBOR be deemed to be less than: (A) with respect to Transactions where the Purchase Date was before May 27, 2021, thirty-five hundredths percent (0.35 and (B) with respect to any Transaction where the Purchase Date is on or after May 27, 2021, the Benchmark Floor. 
 
 LIBOR Purchased Asset shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Benchmark . 
 
 LIBOR Rate shall mean, as of any date of determination, a rate per annum determined in accordance with the following formula (rounded upward to the nearest 1/100th of 1 ): 
 
 	LIBOR	 
 1 Reserve Requirement 
 
 Lien shall mean any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge or other security interest or any preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, any conditional sale or other title retention agreement and any Financing Lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing), and the filing of any financing statement under the UCC or comparable law of any jurisdiction in respect of any of the foregoing. 
 
 Mandatory Early Repurchase Date shall have the meaning set forth in Article 3(f)(ii) . 
 
 Mandatory Early Repurchase Event shall mean, one or more of the following with respect to any Purchased Asset: (i) a monetary event of default under any Purchased Asset beyond any applicable notice and cure period; (ii) any material non-monetary event of default beyond any applicable cure periods under any Purchased Asset Documents; (iii) breach of any representation contained in Article 9(b)(x) , as determined by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in its sole reasonable discretion 

20 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (except as disclosed in a Requested Exceptions Report and as approved by Administrative Agent in writing); (iv) an Act of Insolvency has occurred with respect to the related Mortgagor or guarantor under such Purchased Asset (subject to any typical grace and cure periods for insolvency events contained in the Purchased Asset Documents); (v) Seller s failure to repurchase any Purchased Asset on the applicable Repurchase Date; (vi) Seller (or any of its Affiliates) shall fail to satisfy any of its material obligations under such Purchased Asset Documents beyond any applicable cure periods; (vii) any participant or co- lender under any related loan pari passu with or senior to such Purchased Asset or the Underlying Mortgaged Property shall be delinquent in the payment of amounts due under the related loan documents; 
 (viii) a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed with respect to any participant or co-lender under any related loan pari passu or senior to the related Purchased Asset or the Underlying Mortgaged Property (subject to typical grace and cure periods for insolvency events ); (ix) failure to deliver the related Purchased Asset File to Custodian in accordance with the Custodial Agreement (subject to any Bailee Agreement approved by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement on the related Purchased Date); (x) the related Purchased Asset File or any portion thereof is subject to a continuing Delivery Failure or has been released from the possession of Custodian under the Custodial Agreement to anyone other than Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, or any Affiliate of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, except in accordance with the terms of the Custodial Agreement; (xi) such Purchased Asset fails to qualify for safe harbor treatment as described in Article 23 ; or (xii) any significant decline, as determined by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in its sole reasonable discretion, in the financial condition or credit quality of any sponsor with respect to such Purchased Asset. 
 
 Margin Amount shall mean, with respect to any Purchased Asset on any date, an amount equal to (a) the lesser of (i) the unpaid principal balance of such Purchased Asset and (ii) the Market Value of such Purchased Asset, multiplied by (b) the Advance Rate for such Purchased Asset. 
 
 Margin Deficit shall mean an amount determined by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in its sole discretion, as follows, provided that the largest amount as calculated in accordance with clauses (i) , (ii) and (iii) shall control: 
 
 (i) with respect to any Margin Deficit Event described in clause (i) of the definition of Margin Deficit Event , the Margin Deficit for the applicable Purchased Asset shall be an amount equal to the positive difference (if any) between (A) the outstanding Purchase Price of such Purchased Asset and (B) the Margin Amount for such Purchased Asset, provided , however , that, if the Market Value of such Purchased Asset has declined by thirty percent (30 or more from par (adjusted for any Principal Payment received with respect to such Purchased Asset), then the Margin Deficit for such Purchased Asset shall include an additional amount equal to the absolute dollar amount of such decline in Market Value that exceeds thirty percent (30 from par, as determined by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in its sole discretion; 

(ii) with respect to any Margin Deficit Event described in clause (ii) of the definition of Margin Deficit Event , the Margin Deficit for the applicable Purchased Asset shall be equal to an amount which, after payment of such Margin Deficit, will cause the Purchase Price Debt Yield to be equal to the Minimum Purchase Price Debt Yield; and 

(iii) with respect to any Margin Deficit Event described in clause (iii) of the definition of Margin Deficit Event , the Margin Deficit for the applicable Purchased Asset shall be equal to an amount which, after payment of such Margin Deficit, will result in a Buyer s LTV for the applicable Purchased Asset equal to the Buyer s LTV on the Purchase Date of such Purchased Asset. 

21 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Margin Deficit Event shall mean the occurrence or existence of any of the following, as determined by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in its sole discretion: 
 
 (i) a decline in the Market Value of any Purchased Asset by twenty percent (20 or more from par, as determined by Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion; 

(ii) as of each anniversary of the Purchase Date, with respect to any Purchased Asset, the Purchase Price Debt Yield is less than the Minimum Purchase Price Debt Yield; and/or 

(iii) the Buyer s LTV of any Purchased Asset is equal to or greater than the Maximum Buyer s LTV of such Purchased Asset. 

Margin Deficit Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Article 4(a) . 
 
 Market Disruption Event shall mean either (a) any event or events shall have occurred in the determination of Administrative Agent resulting in the effective absence of a repo market or related lending market for purchasing (subject to repurchase) or financing debt obligations secured by commercial mortgage loans or securities or an event or events shall have occurred resulting in Administrative Agent or Buyers not being able to finance Eligible Assets through the repo market or lending market with traditional counterparties at rates which would have been reasonable prior to the occurrence of such event or events, or (b) any event or events shall have occurred resulting in the effective absence of a securities market for securities backed by Eligible Assets, including, but not limited to the CMBS/CDO/CLO market , or an event or events shall have occurred resulting in Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, not being able to sell securities backed by Eligible Assets at prices which would have been reasonable prior to such event or events, in each case as determined by Administrative Agent. 
 
 Market Value shall mean, with respect to any Purchased Asset as of any relevant date, the market value of such Purchased Asset on such date, as determined by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. The Market Value of each Purchased Asset may be determined by Administrative Agent on each Business Day during the term of this Agreement. 
 
 Material Adverse Effect shall mean a material adverse effect on (a) the property, business, operations, financial condition, credit quality or prospects of Seller, Pledgor, and/or Guarantor, taken as a whole (b) the ability of Seller, Pledgor or Guarantor to perform its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents, (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents, (d) the rights and remedies of Buyers under any of the Transaction Documents, (e) the timely payment of any amounts payable under the Transaction Documents, or (f) the Market Value, rating (if applicable) or liquidity of all of the Purchased Assets in the aggregate. 
 
 Materials of Environmental Concern shall mean any toxic mold, any petroleum (including, without limitation, crude oil or any fraction thereof) or petroleum products (including, without limitation, gasoline) or any hazardous or toxic substances, materials or wastes, defined as such in or regulated under any Environmental Law, including, without limitation, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, and urea- formaldehyde insulation. 
 
 Maximum Advance Rate shall mean, with respect to each Purchased Asset, seventy-five percent (75 of the outstanding principal balance of such Purchased Asset. 
 
 Maximum Buyer s LTV shall mean, with respect to each Purchased Asset, the sum of (a) the Buyer s LTV for such Purchased Asset as of the related Purchase Date plus (b) five percent (5 ). 

22 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Maximum Facility Amount shall mean Seven Hundred Fifty Million Dollars 750,000,000.00). 
 
 Minimum Purchase Price Debt Yield shall mean, as of each Purchase Date, an amount equal to the product of (i) ninety percent (90 and (ii) the Purchase Date Purchase Price Debt Yield as of such applicable date. 
 
 Monthly Reporting Package shall mean the reporting package described on Exhibit III-A . 
 
 Mortgage shall mean a mortgage, deed of trust, deed to secure debt, charge or other instrument, creating a valid and enforceable first Lien on or a first priority ownership interest in an estate in fee simple or term of years in real property and the improvements thereon, securing evidence of indebtedness. 
 
 Mortgage Note shall mean a note or other evidence of indebtedness of a Mortgagor with respect to a Senior Mortgage Loan. 
 
 Mortgaged Property LTV shall mean, with respect to any Purchased Asset, the ratio of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of such Purchased Asset (which shall include such Purchased Asset and all debt senior to or pari passu with such Purchased Asset) secured, directly or indirectly, by the related Underlying Mortgaged Property, to the aggregate as-is market value of such Underlying Mortgaged Property as determined by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 
 
 Mortgagor shall mean the obligor on a Mortgage Note and the grantor of the related Mortgage. 
 
 Multiemployer Plan shall mean a multiemployer plan defined as such in Article 3(37) of ERISA to which contributions have been, or were required to have been, made by Seller or any ERISA Affiliate and that is covered by Title IV of ERISA. 
 
 New Asset shall mean an Eligible Asset that Seller proposes to be included as a Purchased Item which Eligible Asset has not yet become a Purchased Asset. 
 
 OFAC shall have the meaning specified in the definition of Prohibited Investor . 
 
 Original Master Repurchase Agreement shall have the meaning specified in recitals hereof. 
 
 Originated Asset shall mean any Eligible Asset originated by an Affiliate of Seller. 
 
 Other Connection Taxes shall mean, with respect to any Recipient and any Transferee, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient or Transferee and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient or Transferee having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Transaction Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Transaction Document). 
 
 Other Taxes shall mean all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Transaction Document, except for (i) any such Taxes or Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment, transfer or sale of participation or other interest in or with 

23 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 respect to the Transaction Documents (other than an assignment made pursuant to Article 14(m)) , and (ii) for the avoidance of doubt, any Excluded Taxes. 
 
 Participant Register shall have the meaning set forth in Article 19(c) of this Agreement. 
 
 Participants shall have the meaning set forth in Article 19(a) of this Agreement. 
 
 Payment Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Article 30(d)(ii) of this Agreement. 
 
 Permitted Encumbrances shall mean, with respect to each Purchased Asset, (a) any lien or security interest created by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, (b) all liens, encumbrances and other matters disclosed in the applicable Title Policy, (c) liens, if any, for Taxes imposed by an Governmental Authority not yet due or delinquent, (d) leases, equipment leases, or other similar instruments entered into in accordance with the Purchased Asset Documents, (e) mechanics liens, materialmen s liens and other recorded encumbrances which are being contested in accordance with the Purchased Asset Documents, bonded over, escrowed for or insured against by the applicable Title Policy. 
 
 Permitted Holders shall mean, with respect to Guarantor, any Person owning Capital Stock in Guarantor (i) as of the Closing Date, (ii) that is managed by Claros Manager or (iii) that has been approved in writing by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in Administrative Agent s sole and absolute discretion, prior to the date of such Person s acquisition of such Capital Stock in Guarantor. 
 
 Person shall mean an individual, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, partnership, joint tenant or tenant in common, trust, joint stock company, joint venture, unincorporated organization, or any other entity of whatever nature, or a Governmental Authority. 
 
 Plan shall mean an employee pension benefit plan (within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA) established or maintained by Seller or any ERISA Affiliate during the five year period ended prior to the date of this Agreement or to which Seller or any ERISA Affiliate makes, is obligated to make or has, within the five year period ended prior to the date of this Agreement, been required to make contributions and that is covered by Title IV of ERISA or Article 302 of ERISA or Article 412 of the Code, other than a Multiemployer Plan. 
 
 Plan Asset Regulations shall mean the regulations promulgated at 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3- 101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
 
 Plan Party shall have the meaning set forth in Article 22(a) of this Agreement. 
 
 Pledge and Security Agreement shall mean that certain Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by Pledgor in favor of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time, pledging all of Pledgor s interest in the Capital Stock of Seller to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers. 
 
 Pledgor shall mean CMTG GS Finance Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 
 Potential Event of Default shall mean any condition or event that, after notice or lapse of time, would constitute an Event of Default. 
 
 Pre-Existing Asset shall mean any Eligible Asset that is not an Originated Asset. 

24 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Pre-Purchase Due Diligence shall have the meaning set forth in Article 3(b) hereof. 
 
 Pre-Purchase Legal Expenses shall mean all of the reasonable and necessary out of pocket legal fees, costs and expenses incurred by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in connection with the Pre-Purchase Due Diligence associated with Administrative Agent s, on behalf of Buyers, decision as to whether or not to enter into a particular Transaction. 
 
 Prescribed Laws shall mean, collectively, (a) the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Public Law 107- 56) (the USA Patriot Act ), (b) Executive Order 13224 on Terrorist Financing, effective September 24, 2001, and relating to Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism, (c) the International Emergency Economic Power Act, 50 
 U.S.C. 1701 et. seq., (d) the Bank Secrecy Act (31 U.S.C. Sections 5311 et seq.) as amended and (e) all other Requirements of Law relating to money laundering or terrorism, including without limitation, the USA Patriot Act and all regulations and executive orders promulgated with respect to money laundering or terrorism, including, without limitation, those promulgated by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
 
 Price Differential shall mean, with respect to any Purchased Asset as of any date, the aggregate amount obtained by daily application of the applicable Pricing Rate for such Purchased Asset to the outstanding Purchase Price of such Purchased Asset on a 360-day-per-year basis for the actual number of days during each Pricing Rate Period commencing on (and including) the Purchase Date for such Purchased Asset and ending on (but excluding) the date of determination (reduced by any amount of such Price Differential previously paid by Seller to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, with respect to such Purchased Asset). 
 
 Pricing Rate shall mean for any Pricing Rate Period and any Transaction: 
 
 (a) during the Availability Period, an annual rate equal to the sum of (i) the Benchmark, plus 

(ii) the relevant Applicable Spread, in each case, for the applicable Pricing Rate Period for the related Purchased Asset; and 
 
 (b) during the Amortization Period, an annual rate equal to the sum of (i) the Benchmark, plus (ii) the Amortization Period Additional Percentage, plus (iii) the relevant Applicable Spread, in each case, for the applicable Pricing Rate Period for the related Purchased Asset. 

The Pricing Rate, in any such case, shall be subject to adjustment and/or conversion as provided in the Transaction Documents (including, without limitation as provided in Article 14) or the related Confirmation. 
 
 Pricing Rate Determination Date shall mean with respect to any Transaction, (i) with respect to the first Pricing Rate Period, the related Purchase Date for such Purchased Asset and (ii) with respect to any subsequent Pricing Rate Period, (a) if the Benchmark is LIBOR, the second (2 nd Business Day preceding the first day of such Pricing Rate Period and (b) if the Benchmark is not LIBOR, the day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Pricing Rate Period. 
 
 Pricing Rate Period shall mean, with respect to any Transaction and any Remittance Date (a) in the case of the first Pricing Rate Period, the period commencing on and including the Purchase Date for such Transaction and ending on and excluding the following Remittance Date, and (b) in the case of any subsequent Pricing Rate Period, the period commencing on and including the immediately preceding Remittance Date and ending on and excluding such Remittance Date; provided , however , that in no event 
 
 25 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

26 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 shall any Pricing Rate Period for a Purchased Asset end subsequent to the Repurchase Date for such Purchased Asset. 
 
 Primary Servicer shall mean Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., or any other primary servicer approved by, or in the case of a termination of Primary Servicer pursuant to Article 29(c) , appointed by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in each case in Administrative Agent s sole discretion. 
 
 Primary Servicing Agreement shall mean the Servicing Agreement by and between Seller and Primary Servicer dated as of May 31, 2017 and, if any other Primary Servicer is approved by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, any servicing agreement with such other Primary Servicer in respect of the Purchased Assets, which agreement is approved by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 
 
 Prime Rate shall mean the prime rate published in the Money Rates section of The Wall Street Journal. If The Wall Street Journal ceases to publish the prime rate, then Administrative Agent shall select an equivalent publication that publishes such prime rate, and if such prime rate is no longer generally published or is limited, regulated or administered by a governmental or quasi- governmental body, then Administrative Agent shall reasonably select a comparable interest rate index. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Prime Rate be deemed to be less than the Benchmark Floor. 
 
 Prime Rate Applicable Spread shall mean, if the Pricing Rate has converted to the Prime Rate pursuant to Article 14(a) of this Agreement, an amount equal to the difference (expressed as a number of basis points) between (a) Term SOFR (or the then-applicable Benchmark) plus the Applicable Spread on the date Term SOFR (or the then-applicable Benchmark) was last applicable to the outstanding Transactions prior to such conversion and (b) the Prime Rate on the date that Term SOFR (or the then- applicable Benchmark) was last applicable to the outstanding Transactions prior to such conversion. 
 
 Principal Payment shall mean, with respect to any Purchased Asset, any scheduled or unscheduled payment or prepayment of principal received in respect thereof (including net sale proceeds or casualty or condemnation proceeds to the extent that such proceeds are not required under the related Purchased Asset Documents to be reserved, escrowed, readvanced or applied for the benefit of the Mortgagor or the related Underlying Mortgaged Property). 
 
 Prohibited Investor shall mean (1) a Person whose name appears on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons by the Office of Foreign Asset Control OFAC ), (2) any Person whose name appears on any list of terrorists, terrorist organizations or narcotics traffickers maintained pursuant to and of the Rules and Regulations of OFAC that Administrative Agent has notified Seller in writing is now included in such list, (3) any Person whose name appears on any list similar to those described in clauses (1) and (2) of this definition maintained by the United States Department of State, the United States Department of Commerce or any other government authority or pursuant to any Executive Order of the President of the United States that Administrative Agent has notified Seller in writing is now included on such list, (4) any foreign shell bank, and (5) any person or entity resident in or whose subscription funds are transferred from or through an account in a jurisdiction that has been designated as a non-cooperative with international anti-money laundering principles or procedures by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering FATF ), of which the U.S. is a member and with which designation the U.S. representative to the group or organization continues to concur. See http://www.fatf-gati.org for FATF s list of Non-Cooperative Countries and Territories. 

27 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Prohibited Transferee shall mean any of the Persons listed on Schedule I attached to this Agreement. 
 
 Properties shall have the meaning set forth in Article 9(xxv) of this Agreement. 
 
 Public Listing shall mean the listing of the direct or indirect legal or beneficial interests of Guarantor on a nationally or internationally recognized securities exchange or quoted on a nationally or internationally recognized automated quotation system. 
 
 Public Sale shall mean the transfer (but not a pledge), in one or a series of transactions, including by way of merger, through which any direct or indirect owner of a legal or beneficial interest in Guarantor (including a transferee of such interests) becomes, or is merged with or into, a Public Vehicle. 
 
 Public Vehicle shall mean a Person whose securities are listed and traded (or to be listed contemporaneously with a Public Listing) on a nationally or internationally recognized securities exchange or quoted on a nationally or internationally recognized automated quotation system. 
 
 Purchase Agreement shall mean any purchase agreement between Seller and any Transferor pursuant to which Seller purchased or acquired an Asset that is subsequently sold to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, hereunder. 
 
 Purchase Date shall mean, with respect to any Purchased Asset, the date on which Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, purchases such Purchased Asset from Seller hereunder. 
 
 Purchase Date Purchase Price Debt Yield shall mean as of any date of determination, with respect to any Purchased Asset the Purchase Price Debt Yield of each Purchased Asset as of the Purchase Date of each such Purchased Asset and each anniversary of the Purchase Date, as set forth in each related Confirmation. 
 
 Purchase Price shall mean, with respect to any Purchased Asset, the price at which such Purchased Asset is transferred by Seller to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, on the applicable Purchase Date, adjusted after the Purchase Date as set forth below. The Purchase Price as of the Purchase Date for any Purchased Asset shall be an amount (expressed in dollars) equal to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the lesser of (A) Market Value of such Purchased Asset or (B) the par amount of such Purchased Asset by (ii) the Advance Rate for such Purchased Asset, as set forth on the related Confirmation. The Purchase Price of any Purchased Asset shall be (a) decreased by (x) any amount of Margin Deficit transferred by Seller to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, pursuant to Article 4(a) and applied to the Purchase Price of such Purchased Asset, (y) the portion of any Principal Payments on such Purchased Asset that are applied pursuant to Article 5 hereof to reduce such Purchase Price and 
 (z) any other amounts paid to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, by Seller to reduce such Purchase Price and (b) increased by any Future Funding Advance or by any other amounts disbursed by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to Seller or to the related borrower on behalf of Seller with respect to such Purchased Asset to the related borrower on behalf of Seller with respect to such Purchased Asset. 
 
 Purchase Price Debt Yield shall mean, on any date with respect to any Purchased Asset, a fraction (expressed as a percentage) (A) the numerator of which is the Underwritten Net Operating Income of the Underlying Mortgaged Property related to such Purchased Asset, as determined by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in its sole discretion, and (B) the denominator of which is the Purchase Price of such Purchased Asset on such date. 

28 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Purchased Asset shall mean (i) with respect to any Transaction, the Eligible Asset sold by Seller to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in such Transaction and (ii) with respect to the Transactions in general, all Eligible Assets sold by Seller to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers (other than Purchased Assets that have been repurchased by Seller). 
 
 Purchased Asset Documents shall mean, with respect to a Purchased Asset, the documents specified in Schedule II . 
 
 Purchased Asset File shall mean, with respect to a Purchased Asset, the Purchased Asset Documents, together with any additional documents and information required to be delivered to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, or its designee (including the Custodian) pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 Purchased Asset Schedule shall mean a schedule of Purchased Assets attached to each Trust Receipt and Custodial Delivery Certificate delivered in accordance with the Custodial Agreement. 
 
 Purchased Items shall have the meaning set forth in Article 6(a) of this Agreement. 
 
 Quarterly Reporting Package shall mean the reporting package described on Exhibit III-B . 
 
 Recipient means (a) Administrative Agent or (b) any Buyer, as applicable. 
 
 Reference Banks shall mean any money center banks selected by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, which are engaged in transactions in Eurodollar deposits in the international Eurocurrency market with an established place of business in London. 
 
 Reference Time shall mean, with respect to any Pricing Rate Period, if the Benchmark is LIBOR, 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the second Business Day preceding the first day of such Pricing Rate Period. 
 
 Register shall have the meaning set forth in Article 19(b) of this Agreement. 
 
 Release Letter shall mean a letter substantially in the form of Exhibit XII hereto (or such other form as may be acceptable to Administrative Agent). 
 
 Relevant Governmental Body shall mean the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
 
 Remittance Date shall mean the fifteenth (15th) calendar day of each calendar month, or the immediately succeeding Business Day, if such calendar day shall not be a Business Day, or such other day as is mutually agreed to by Seller and Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers. 
 
 Renewal Option shall have the meaning set forth in Article 3(i)(ii) of this Agreement. 
 
 Renewal Period shall have the meaning set forth in Article 3(i)(i) of this Agreement. 
 
 Renewal Period Fee shall have the meaning set forth in the Fee Letter, which definition is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Repurchase Date shall mean: 

29 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (i) with respect to a Purchased Asset that is not an Amortization Period Purchased Asset, the earliest to occur of (A) the Availability Period Expiration Date, (B) any Early Repurchase Date for such Transaction; (C) the Accelerated Repurchase Date, (D) any Mandatory Early Repurchase Date for such Transaction and (E) the maturity date (including any extension options under the related Purchased Asset Documents) of such Purchased Asset; and 

(ii) with respect to a Purchased Asset that is an Amortization Period Purchased Asset, the earliest to occur of (A) the Amortization Period Expiration Date; (B) any Early Repurchase Date for such Transaction; (C) the Accelerated Repurchase Date, (D) any Mandatory Early Repurchase Date for such Transaction and (E) the maturity date (including any extension options under the related Purchased Asset Documents) of such Purchased Asset. 

Repurchase Obligations shall have the meaning set forth thereto in Article 6(a) . 
 
 Repurchase Price shall mean, with respect to any Purchased Asset as of any Repurchase Date or any date on which the Repurchase Price is required to be determined hereunder, the price at which such Purchased Asset is to be transferred from Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to Seller; such price will be determined in each case as the sum of the (i) outstanding Purchase Price of such Purchased Asset; 
 (ii) the accreted and unpaid Price Differential with respect to such Purchased Asset as of the date of such determination; (iii) any other amounts due and owing by Seller to Buyers and their respective Affiliates pursuant to the terms of this Agreement with respect to such Purchased Asset as of such date; and (iv) if such Repurchase Date is not a Remittance Date, any Breakage Costs payable in connection with such repurchase other than with respect to the determination of a Margin Deficit. 
 
 Requested Exceptions Report shall have the meaning set forth thereto in Article 3(c)(vii) . 
 
 Requirement of Law shall mean any law, treaty, rule, regulation, code, directive, policy, order or requirement or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority whether now or hereafter enacted or in effect. 
 
 Reserve Requirement shall mean, with respect to any Pricing Rate Period, the aggregate (without duplication) of the rates (expressed as a decimal fraction) of reserve requirements in effect during such Pricing Rate Period (including, without limitation, basic, supplemental, marginal and emergency reserves under any regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto) dealing with reserve requirements prescribed for Eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency Liabilities in Regulation D of such Board of Governors) maintained by Buyers. 
 
 Responsible Officer shall mean any executive officer of Seller or Guarantor, as the context may require. 
 
 Revocable Option shall have the meaning set forth in Article 7(d) . 
 
 Sanctions shall have the meaning set forth in Article 9(b)(xxvii) . 
 
 SEC shall have the meaning set forth in Article 24(a) of this Agreement. 
 
 Seller shall mean the entity identified as Seller in the Recitals hereto and such other sellers as may be approved by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in its sole discretion from time to time. 

30 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Senior Mortgage Loans shall mean whole, performing senior floating rate mortgage loans secured by first liens on commercial or multi-family properties. 
 
 Servicing Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Article 29(b) . 
 
 Servicing Records shall have the meaning set forth in Article 29(b) . 
 
 Servicing Rights shall mean contractual, possessory or other rights of any Person to administer, service or subservice any Purchased Assets (or to possess any Servicing Records relating thereto), including: (i) the rights to service the Purchased Assets; (ii) the right to receive compensation (whether direct or indirect) for such servicing, including the right to receive and retain the related servicing fee and all other fees with respect to such Purchased Assets; and (iii) all rights, powers and privileges incidental to the foregoing, together with all Servicing Records relating thereto. 
 
 Servicing Tape shall have the meaning specified in Exhibit III-B hereto. 
 
 Significant Modification shall mean (a) any extension, material amendment, waiver, termination, rescission, cancellation, release, subordination or other modification to the material terms of, or any collateral, guaranty or indemnity for, any Purchased Asset or Purchased Asset Document (including, without limitation, any provision related to the amount or timing of any scheduled payment of interest or principal, the validity, perfection or priority of any security interest, or the release of any collateral or obligor (except in accordance with the underlying Purchased Asset Documents)), (b) any sale, transfer, disposition or any similar action with respect to any collateral for any Purchased Asset (except to the extent required under the Purchased Asset Documents) or (c) the foreclosure or exercise of any material right or remedy by the holder of any Purchased Asset or Purchased Asset Document. 
 
 SIPA shall have the meaning set forth in Article 24(a) of this Agreement. 
 
 Single Purpose Entity shall mean any corporation, limited partnership or limited liability company that, since the date of its formation and at all times on and after the date hereof, has complied with and shall at all times comply with the provisions of Article 12 of this Agreement. 
 
 Subsidiary shall mean, as to any Person, a corporation, partnership or other entity of which shares of stock or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power (other than stock or such other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the board of directors or other managers of such corporation, partnership or other entity are at the time owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise qualified, all references to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries in this Agreement shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of Seller and/or Guarantor. 
 
 Table Funded Purchased Asset shall mean a Purchased Asset which is sold to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, simultaneously with the origination or acquisition thereof, which origination or acquisition is financed with the Purchase Price, pursuant to Seller s request, paid directly to a Title Company or other settlement agent, in each case, approved by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, for disbursement in connection with such origination or acquisition. A Purchased Asset shall cease to be a Table Funded Purchased Asset after Custodian has delivered a Trust Receipt to Administrative Agent certifying its receipt of the Purchased Asset File therefor. 

31 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Taxes shall mean all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 
 Term SOFR shall mean, for each Pricing Rate Period, the forward-looking term rate for a one- month period that is based on the secured overnight financing rate of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or its successor), as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the applicable Pricing Rate Determination Date; provided , that if, as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Pricing Rate Determination Date, such rate has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to Term SOFR has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be determined as of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such rate was published by the Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Pricing Rate Determination Date and if such Term SOFR for a one-month period was last published by the Term SOFR Administrator more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Pricing Rate Determination Date then a Benchmark Interim Unavailability Period with respect to Term SOFR will be deemed to have occurred. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will Term SOFR be deemed to be less than the Benchmark Floor. 
 
 Term SOFR Administrator shall mean CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of Term SOFR as determined by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in its reasonable discretion). 
 
 Title Company shall mean a nationally-recognized title insurance company acceptable to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers. 
 
 Title Policy shall mean an American Land Title Association (ALTA) lender s title insurance policy or a comparable form of lender s title insurance policy (or escrow instructions binding on the Title Company and irrevocably obligating the Title Company to issue such title insurance policy, a title policy commitment or pro-forma marked up at the closing of the related Purchased Asset and countersigned by the Title Company or its authorized agent) as adopted in the applicable jurisdiction. 
 
 Transaction shall mean a Transaction, as specified in Article 1 of this Agreement. 
 
 Transaction Documents shall mean, collectively, this Agreement, any applicable Schedules, Exhibits and Annexes to this Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement, the Custodial Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Depository Agreement, the Pledge and Security Agreement, the Fee Letter, all Confirmations and assignment documentation executed pursuant to this Agreement in connection with specific Transactions, each of the foregoing as may be amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time-to-time. 
 
 Transfer shall mean, with respect to any Person, any sale or other whole or partial conveyance of all or any portion of such Person s assets, or any direct or indirect interest therein to a third party (other than in connection with the transfer of a Purchased Asset to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in accordance herewith), including the granting of any purchase options, rights of first refusal, rights of first offer or similar rights in respect of any portion of such assets or the subjecting of any portion of such assets to restrictions on transfer. 
 
 Transferee shall have the meaning set forth in Article 19(a) hereof. 

32 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Transferor shall mean the seller of an Asset under a Purchase Agreement that is not an Affiliate of Seller. 
 
 Trust Receipt shall mean a trust receipt issued by Custodian, or, in the case of a Table Funded Purchased Asset, Bailee, to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, substantially in the form required under the Custodial Agreement or the Bailee Agreement. 
 
 UCC shall have the meaning specified in Article 6(c) of this Agreement. 
 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Benchmark Replacement . 
 
 Underlying Mortgaged Property shall mean the real property securing the related Purchased 
 Asset. 
 
 Underwriting Issues shall mean, with respect to any Purchased Asset as to which Seller intends to request a Transaction, all information known by Seller that, based on the making of reasonable inquiries and the exercise of reasonable care and diligence under the circumstances, would be considered a materially negative factor (either separately or in the aggregate with other information), or a defect in loan documentation or closing deliveries (such as any absence of any Purchased Asset Document(s)), to a reasonable institutional mortgage buyer in determining whether to originate or acquire the Purchased Asset in question. 
 
 Underwritten Net Operating Income shall mean, on any date with respect to any one or more Purchased Assets, the actual net operating income from the Underlying Mortgaged Property or Underlying Mortgaged Properties securing such Purchased Asset or Purchased Assets with respect to the prior twelve (12) months, as determined in accordance with the Purchased Asset Documents, certified by the underlying obligor and approved by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in its good faith discretion. 
 
 Unintended Recipient shall have the meaning set forth in Article 30(d)(i) of this Agreement. 
 
 USA Patriot Act shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the definition of Prescribed 
 Laws . 
 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day shall mean any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, or any successor thereto, recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate shall have the meaning set forth in Article 14(k)(B)(3) of this Agreement. 
 
 VCOC shall mean a venture capital operating company within the meaning of Section 2510.3-101(d) of the Plan Asset Regulations. 

33 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Voting Stock shall mean, with respect to any specified person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the 1934 Act) as of any date, the Capital Stock of that person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors of that person. 
 
 All references to articles, schedules and exhibits are to articles, schedules and exhibits in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. References to good faith in this Agreement shall mean honesty in fact in the conduct or transaction concerned . 
 
 ARTICLE 3. 
 INITIATION; CONFIRMATION; TERMINATION; FEES 
 
 (a) Conditions Precedent to Initial Transaction . Administrative Agent s and Buyers agreement to enter into the initial Transaction hereunder is subject to the satisfaction, immediately prior to or concurrently with the making of such Transaction (unless otherwise stated below), of the condition precedent that Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, has received from Seller all of the following documents, each of which shall be satisfactory in form and substance to Administrative Agent and its counsel: 

(i) Transaction Documents .	The Transaction Documents duly executed by the parties thereto (including all exhibits thereto). 

(ii) Power of Attorney . The power of attorney, duly executed by Seller, substantially in the form set forth on Exhibit IV hereto. 

(iii) Consents . Any and all consents and waivers of Seller applicable to Seller or to the Purchased Assets; 

(iv) Security Interest . UCC financing statements for filing in each of the UCC filing jurisdictions described on Exhibit X hereto, each naming Seller or Pledgor as applicable as Debtor and Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, as Secured Party and adequately describing as Collateral , with respect to Seller, as all assets of Seller, whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising and, with respect to Pledgor, all of the items set forth in the definition of Collateral in the Pledge and Security Agreement, together with any other documents necessary or requested by Administrative Agent to perfect the security interests granted by Seller in favor of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 

(v) Intentionally Omitted . 

(vi) Intentionally Omitted . 

(vii) Opinions of Counsel . Opinions of outside counsel to Seller reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent and Buyers (including, but not limited to, those relating to enforceability, bankruptcy safe harbor, corporate matters, applicability of the Investment Company Act of 1940 to Seller, and security interests) delivered no later than ten (10) Business Days after the Closing Date. 

34 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (viii) Organizational Documents . Good standing certificates and certified copies of the certificate of incorporation, memorandum and articles of association, charters and by-laws (or equivalent documents) of Seller, Pledgor and Guarantor and of all corporate or other authority for Seller and Guarantor with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents and each other document to be delivered by Seller and Guarantor from time to time in connection herewith (and Administrative Agent and Buyers may conclusively rely on such certificate until it receives notice in writing from Seller to the contrary). 

(ix) Fees and Expenses . Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall have received payment from Seller of an amount equal to the amount of actual costs and expenses, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to Administrative Agent and/or Buyers, incurred by Administrative Agent and/or Buyers in connection with the development, preparation and execution of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and any other documents prepared in connection herewith or therewith. 

(x) Other Documents . Such other documents, documentation and legal opinions (delivered in accordance with clause (vii) above) as Administrative Agent or Buyers may reasonably require. 

(b) Due Diligence Review . Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall have the right to review, as described in Exhibit VI hereto, the Eligible Assets Seller proposes to sell to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in any Transaction and to conduct its own due diligence investigation of such Eligible Assets as Administrative Agent determines Pre-Purchase Due Diligence ). Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall be entitled to make a determination, in the exercise of its sole discretion, that, in the case of a Transaction, it shall or shall not purchase any or all of the assets proposed to be sold to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, by Seller. Administrative Agent shall inform Seller of its approval of the deliverables required in accordance with Exhibit VI attached hereto. Not less than ten 

(10) Business Days prior to the requested Purchase Date for the Transaction, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall approve an Eligible Asset in accordance with Exhibit VI hereto, which approval shall be revocable in Administrative Agent s sole discretion prior to Administrative Agent s execution and delivery of the Confirmation on the Purchase Date. On the Purchase Date for the Transaction, which shall occur upon Administrative Agent s and Seller s execution of a Confirmation with respect to an Eligible Asset, the Eligible Assets shall be transferred to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, against the transfer of the Purchase Price to an account of Seller. Upon the approval by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, of a particular proposed Transaction, Administrative Agent shall deliver to Seller a signed copy of the related Confirmation described in clause (v) below, on or before the scheduled Purchase Date of the underlying proposed Transaction, which shall serve as evidence that all conditions relating to the Proposed Transactions (as set forth in Article 3(a) or 3(c) or Exhibit VI , or elsewhere, as applicable) have been satisfied or waived by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers. 
 
 (c) Conditions Precedent to all Transactions . Administrative Agent s, on behalf of Buyers, agreement to enter into each Transaction (including the initial Transaction) shall be determined in Administrative Agent s sole discretion and is otherwise subject to the satisfaction of the following further conditions precedent, both immediately prior to entering into such Transaction and also after giving effect to the consummation thereof and the intended use of the proceeds of the sale: 

(i) Seller shall give Administrative Agent no less than two (2) Business Days prior written notice of each Transaction (including the initial Transaction), which notice shall describe the terms of the Transaction and the Purchased Assets; 

35 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (ii) The sum of (A) the unpaid Purchase Price for all prior outstanding Transactions and (B) the requested Purchase Price for the pending Transaction, in each case, shall not exceed the Maximum Facility Amount; 

(iii) No Market Disruption Event or Force Majeure Event has occurred and is continuing, no Margin Deficit that has resulted in a Margin Deficit Notice, Potential Event of Default or Event of Default shall exist under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; 

(iv) No Material Adverse Effect shall exist; 

(v) Seller shall have executed a Confirmation for such proposed Transaction; 

(vi) Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall have (i) determined, in its sole discretion, that the Asset proposed to be sold to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, by Seller in such Transaction is an Eligible Asset, (ii) satisfactorily completed its Know Your Customer and OFAC diligence (as to the related Mortgagor, guarantor and all other related parties, as determined by Administrative Agent), (iii) determined conformity to the terms of the Transaction Documents and Administrative Agent s or any Buyers internal credit and underwriting criteria, and (iv) obtained internal credit approval, to be granted or denied in Administrative Agent s sole discretion, for the inclusion of such Eligible Asset as a Purchased Asset in a Transaction, without regard for any prior credit decisions by Administrative Agent or any Buyer or any respective Affiliate of Administrative Agent or any Buyer, and with the understanding that Administrative Agent or any Buyer shall have the absolute right to change any or all of its internal underwriting criteria at any time, without notice of any kind to Seller; 

(vii) Seller shall have delivered to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, a list of all exceptions to the representations and warranties relating to the Eligible Asset and any other eligibility criteria for such Eligible Asset (the Requested Exceptions Report ); 

(viii) Guarantor shall have delivered to Administrative Agent a true and accurate Covenant Compliance Certificate with respect to Guarantor s most recently ended fiscal quarter for which a Covenant Compliance Certificate is required to be delivered hereunder, provided that to the extent Guarantor has previously delivered to Administrative Agent a Covenant Compliance Certificate for the most recently ended fiscal quarter, Seller or Guarantor need not provide an additional Covenant Compliance Certificate for such fiscal quarter in connection with the proposed Transaction; 

(ix) both immediately prior to the requested Transaction and also after giving effect thereto and to the intended use thereof, the representations and warranties made by Seller in each of Exhibit V and Article 9 shall be true, correct and complete on and as of such Purchase Date in all respects with the same force and effect as if made on and as of such date (or, if any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date), subject to such exceptions specified in any Requested Exceptions Report that has been approved by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers; 

(x) subject to Administrative Agent s and Buyers rights to perform one or more due diligence reviews pursuant to Article 28 , Administrative Agent shall have completed its due diligence review of the Purchased Asset File, and such other documents, records, agreements, instruments, mortgaged properties or information relating to such Purchased Asset as Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in its sole discretion deems appropriate to review, including, without limitation, all external legal due diligence any due diligence relating to lending 

36 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

37 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 licensing requirements which may impact Buyers, and such review shall be satisfactory to Administrative Agent in its sole discretion and Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, has consented in writing to the Eligible Asset becoming a Purchased Asset; 
 
 (xi) with respect to any Eligible Asset to be purchased hereunder on the related Purchase Date that is not primarily serviced by the Primary Servicer, Seller shall have provided to Administrative Agent a copy of the related Servicing Agreement, certified as a true, correct and complete copy of the original, fully executed by Seller and the servicer named in the related Servicing Agreement; 

(xii) Seller shall have directed Servicer to remit all such payments into the Depository Account and to service such payments in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement; 

(xiii) Seller shall have paid to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, all amounts that are due and payable under this Agreement at the time of such Transaction, including, without limitation, all legal fees and expenses of outside counsel and the reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses actually incurred by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in connection with the entering into of any Transaction hereunder, including, without limitation, costs associated with due diligence, recording or other administrative expenses necessary or incidental to the execution of any Transaction hereunder, which amounts, at Administrative Agent s, on behalf of Buyers, option, may be withheld from the sale proceeds of any Transaction hereunder; 

(xiv) Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall have reasonably determined that the introduction of, or a change in, any Requirement of Law or in the interpretation or administration of any Requirement of Law including without limitation changes in any Reserve Requirements and any other increase in cost to Administrative Agent or any Buyer, applicable to Administrative Agent or any Buyer has not made it unlawful or impracticable, and no Governmental Authority shall have asserted that it is unlawful, for Administrative Agent or any Buyer to enter into the Transaction; 

(xv) Seller shall have taken such other action as Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall have reasonably requested in order to transfer the Purchased Assets pursuant to this Agreement and to perfect all security interests granted under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document in favor of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, with respect to the Purchased Assets; 

(xvi) If such Eligible Asset was acquired by Seller from a Person that is not an Affiliate of Seller, Seller shall have disclosed to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, the acquisition cost of such Eligible Asset (including therein reasonable supporting documentation required by Administrative Agent and/or any Buyer, if any); 

(xvii) Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall have received all such other and further documents, documentation and legal opinions as Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion shall reasonably require; provided , however , that in the case of the initial Transaction, such legal opinions shall be delivered no later than ten (10) Business Days after the Closing Date; 

(xviii) Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall have received (i) other than with respect to a Table Funded Purchased Asset, from Custodian on each Purchase Date an Asset Schedule and Exception Report (as defined in the Custodial Agreement) with respect to each Purchased Asset, dated the Purchase Date, duly completed and with exceptions acceptable to Administrative Agent in its sole discretion in respect of Eligible Assets to be purchased hereunder 

38 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 on such Business Day; or (ii) a Bailee Letter from an Acceptable Attorney identifying the applicable Release Letter being held on behalf of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers; 
 
 (xix) as of the applicable Purchase Date for such Eligible Asset, each of the Concentration Limits is satisfied; 

(xx) Administrative Agent shall have received from Seller an original Release Letter covering such Eligible Asset to be sold to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers; 

(xxi) The Advance Rate relating to such Eligible Asset shall not exceed the Maximum Advance Rate; 

(xxii) as of the Purchase Date, the related Eligible Asset shall have a Buyer s LTV no greater than sixty percent (60 ); and 

(xxiii) Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall have received from Seller the Draw Fee related to such Eligible Asset in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Fee Letter. 

(d) Transfer of Purchased Assets; Servicing Rights . During the Availability Period, upon the satisfaction of all conditions set forth in Articles 3(a) , 3(b) and 3(c) , Seller shall sell, transfer, convey and assign to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, on a servicing released basis all of Seller s right, title and interest in and to each Purchased Asset, together with all related Servicing Rights against the transfer of the Purchase Price to an account of Seller. With respect to any Transaction, the Pricing Rate shall be determined initially on the Pricing Rate Determination Date applicable to the first Pricing Rate Period for such Transaction and shall be reset on the Pricing Rate Determination Date for each of the next succeeding Pricing Rate Periods for such Transaction. Administrative Agent or its agent shall determine in accordance with the terms of this Agreement the Pricing Rate on each Pricing Rate Determination Date for the related Pricing Rate Period in Administrative Agent s sole discretion, and notify Seller of such rate for such period each such Pricing Rate Determination Date. 

(e) Confirmation . Each Confirmation, together with this Agreement, shall be conclusive evidence of the terms of the Transaction covered thereby. In the event of any conflict between the terms of such Confirmation and the terms of this Agreement with respect to a particular Transaction, the Confirmation shall prevail. 

(f) Early Repurchase Date; Mandatory Repurchases . 

(i) Seller shall be entitled to terminate a Transaction on demand and repurchase the Purchased Asset subject to a Transaction on any Business Day prior to the Repurchase Date (an Early Repurchase Date upon satisfaction of the following conditions: 

(A) No later than two (2) Business Days prior to the proposed Early Repurchase Date, Seller notifies Administrative Agent in writing of its intent to terminate such Transaction and repurchase such Purchased Asset, setting forth the proposed Early Repurchase Date and identifying with particularity the Purchased Asset to be repurchased on such Early Repurchase Date, 

(B) on such Early Repurchase Date, Seller pays to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, an amount equal to the sum of (x) the Repurchase Price for the applicable Purchased Asset, and (y) any other amounts due and payable under this 

39 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Agreement (including, without limitation, Article 14(f) of this Agreement) with respect to such Purchased Asset against transfer to Seller or its agent of the Purchased Assets, 
 
 (C) no Potential Event of Default, Event of Default or Margin Deficit shall be continuing or would occur or result from such early repurchase, and 

(D) on such Early Repurchase Date, Seller pays any Exit Fee which may be due and payable in connection with the repurchase of such Purchased Asset in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Fee Letter. 

(ii) In addition to any other rights and remedies of Administrative Agent and Buyers under any Transaction Document, upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Early Repurchase Event, Seller shall, in accordance with the procedures set forth in Article 3(f)(i)(B)-(D) , and Article 3(h) , repurchase any such Purchased Asset on the date (the Mandatory Early Repurchase Date that is two (2) Business Days after the earlier of Seller s receipt of notice from Administrative Agent or Seller s Knowledge of the occurrence thereof. 

(g) Indemnification . Seller shall indemnify Administrative Agent and Buyers and hold Administrative Agent, and Buyers harmless from any actual out-of-pocket loss, cost or expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements of outside counsel) that Administrative Agent and/or Buyers may sustain or incur as a consequence of (i) default by Seller in repurchasing any Purchased Asset on the proposed Early Repurchase Date, after Seller has given written notice in accordance with Article 3(f) , (ii) any payment of the Repurchase Price on any day other than a Remittance Date, including Breakage Costs, (iii) a default by Seller in selling Eligible Assets after Seller has notified Administrative Agent of a proposed Transaction and Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, has agreed in writing to purchase such Eligible Assets in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, (iv) Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, enforcement of the terms of any of the Transaction Documents, (v) any actions taken to perfect or continue any Lien created under any Transaction Documents, and/or (vi) Administrative Agent and Buyers entering into any of the Transaction Documents or owning any Purchased Item. A certificate as to such costs, losses, damages and expenses, setting forth the calculations therefor shall be submitted promptly by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to Seller in writing and shall be prima facie evidence of the information set forth therein, absent manifest error. This Article 3(g) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 

(h) Repurchase . On the Repurchase Date for any Transaction, termination of the Transaction will be effected by transfer to Seller or its agent of the related Purchased Assets being repurchased and any Income in respect thereof received by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers (and not previously credited or transferred to, or applied to the obligations of, Seller pursuant to Article 5 of this Agreement), against the simultaneous transfer of the Repurchase Price to an account of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers. 

(i) Availability Period; Renewals . (i) From and after the Availability Period Expiration Date, Seller shall have no ability to sell any new Eligible Assets to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers. If Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and Seller have not entered into the Amortization Period in accordance with the terms and conditions of Article 3(m) , then (A) on the Availability Period Expiration Date, Seller shall be obligated to repurchase all of the Purchased Assets and transfer payment of the Repurchase Price for each such Purchased Asset, together with the accrued and unpaid Price Differential and any other amounts due and payable to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, hereunder, against the transfer by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to Seller of each such Purchased Asset, and (B) following the Availability Period Expiration Date, Administrative Agent, on 

40 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

41 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 behalf of Buyers, shall not be obligated to transfer any Purchased Assets to Seller until payment in full to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, of all amounts due hereunder. 
 
 (ii) Seller shall have the option to extend the Availability Period Expiration Date for a period of one (1) year to May 31, 2023 (the Renewal Option ), provided that Seller has satisfied all of the conditions listed in clause (iv) below (collectively, the Availability Period Renewal Conditions ); 

(iii) Intentionally omitted. 

(iv) For purposes of this Article 3(i) , the Availability Period Renewal Conditions shall have been satisfied if: 

(A) Seller shall have given Administrative Agent written notice of Seller s extension of the Availability Period Expiration Date, (x) with respect to the initial request to extend the Availability Period Expiration Date, not less than thirty (30) calendar days prior, and no more than ninety (90) calendar days prior to the first (1st) anniversary of the Closing Date, and (y) with respect to any subsequent requests to extend the Availability Period Expiration Date, not less than thirty (30) calendar days prior, and no more than ninety (90) calendar days prior to the next succeeding anniversary of the Closing Date; 

(B) Seller shall have paid to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, the Renewal Period Fee in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Fee Letter; 

(C) no Margin Deficit that has resulted in a Margin Deficit Notice or Event of Default under this Agreement shall have occurred and be continuing as of the date of the then-current Availability Period Expiration Date; and 

(D) the representations and warranties made by Seller, Pledgor and Guarantor in any of the Transaction Documents shall be true, correct, complete and accurate in all respects as of the date Seller submitted its notice of extension of the Renewal Option and as of the then-current Availability Period Expiration Date (except such representations which by their terms speak as of a specified date and subject to any exceptions disclosed to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in a Requested Exceptions Report prior to such date and approved by Administrative Agent). 

(v) Notwithstanding any of the foregoing to the contrary, if Seller elects to enter the Amortization Period in accordance with the terms and conditions of Article 3(m) prior to exercising the Renewal Option hereunder then Seller shall forfeit the Renewal Option and shall have no ability to request to renew this Agreement and the Transaction Documents pursuant to this Article 3(i) . 

(j) Voluntary Reduction of Purchase Price . On any Business Day prior to the Repurchase Date, Seller shall have the right, from time to time, to transfer cash to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, for the purpose of reducing the outstanding Purchase Price of any Purchased Asset without terminating the Transaction and without release of any Purchased Items; provided , that (i) any such reduction in outstanding Purchase Price occurring on a date other than a Remittance Date shall be required to be accompanied by payment of all unpaid accrued Price Differential as of the applicable Business Day on the amount of such reduction and (ii) Seller provides Administrative Agent with three 

(3) Business Days prior notice with respect to any reduction in outstanding Purchase Price occurring on any date that is not a Remittance Date. In connection with any such reduction of outstanding Purchase Price pursuant to this Article 3(j) , Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and Seller shall modify the 
 
 42 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

43 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 existing Confirmation for the Transaction to set forth the new Advance Rate and outstanding Purchase Price for such Purchased Asset. Any transfer of cash made pursuant to this Article 3(j) shall be in an amount equal to or greater than 1,000,000. 
 
 (k) Additional Advances . (i) On any Business Day prior to the Repurchase Date, if at any time the effective Advance Rate based on the outstanding Purchase Price with respect to a Purchased Asset is less than the Advance Rate as set forth in the Confirmation for such Purchased Asset, Seller may submit to Administrative Agent a request that Buyers transfer cash to Seller so as to increase the outstanding Purchase Price for such Purchased Asset in the amount requested by Seller (an Additional Advance ). Buyers agreement to make any Additional Advance shall be in the sole discretion of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and in any case is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent, both immediately prior to making such Additional Advance and also after giving effect to the consummation thereof: 

(A) as of the funding of such Additional Advance, no Margin Deficit that is due and payable or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the funding of such Additional Advance; 

(B) the funding of the Additional Advance would not cause the related Purchased Asset to exceed the applicable Maximum Advance Rate; 

(C) the funding of the Additional Advance would not cause the aggregate outstanding Purchase Price for all Purchased Assets to exceed the Maximum Facility Amount; 

(D) the amount of the Additional Advance is no less than 500,000; and 

(E) Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall have satisfactorily completed all applicable credit approval requirements. 

(ii) On the date of the Additional Advance, which shall occur following the final approval of the Additional Advance that all conditions set forth in this Article 3(k) have been satisfied, Buyers shall transfer cash to Seller as provided in this Article 3(k) (and in accordance with the wire instructions provided by Seller in such request). Upon approval by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, of a particular Additional Advance pursuant to this Article 3(k) , Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and Seller shall modify the existing Confirmation for the applicable Transaction to set forth the new Advance Rate, outstanding Purchase Price and Buyer s LTV for such Purchased Asset and any other modifications to the terms set forth on the existing Confirmation. 
 
 (l) Future Funding Advance . (i) Subject to Article 4 , at any time prior to the Repurchase Date, in the event a future funding is made or is to be made by Seller pursuant to the Purchased Asset Documents for a Purchased Asset, Seller may submit to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, a request that Buyers transfer cash to Seller in an amount not to exceed the Maximum Advance Rate multiplied by the amount of such future funding (a Future Funding Advance ), which Future Funding Advance shall increase the outstanding Purchase Price for such Purchased Asset. Buyers agreement to make any Future Funding Advance shall be in the sole discretion of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and in any case is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent, both immediately prior to making such Future Funding Advance and also after giving effect to the consummation thereof: 

44 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (A) as of the funding of such Future Funding Advance, no Margin Deficit, Potential Event of Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the funding of such Future Funding Advance; 

(B) the funding of the Future Funding Advance would not cause the aggregate outstanding Purchase Price for all Purchased Assets to exceed the Maximum Facility Amount; 

(C) the Future Funding Advance would not cause the Purchase Price of the applicable Purchased Asset or the aggregate Purchase Price of all applicable Purchased Assets, in either such case, to exceed the Concentration Limits; 

(D) the amount of the Future Funding Advance is no less than 1,000,000; 

(E) Seller shall have demonstrated to Administrative Agent s, on behalf of Buyers, satisfaction that all conditions to the future funding under the Purchased Asset Documents have been satisfied; and 

(F) Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall have satisfactorily completed all applicable credit approval requirements and any additional due diligence investigation of the related Purchased Asset, as described in Exhibit XVI , and as determined by Buyers in their sole discretion (the Future Funding Due Diligence ). 

(ii) On the date of the Future Funding Advance, which shall occur following the final approval of the Future Funding Advance that all conditions set forth in this Article 3(l) have been satisfied. Buyers shall transfer cash to Seller as provided in this Article 3(l) (and in accordance with the wire instructions provided by Seller in such request). Upon approval by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, of a particular Future Funding Advance pursuant to this Article 3(l) , Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and Seller shall modify the existing Confirmation for the applicable Transaction to set forth the new Advance Rate, outstanding Purchase Price and Buyer s LTV for such Purchased Asset and any other modifications to the terms set forth on the existing Confirmation. 

(iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Buyers shall not be obligated to make any Future Funding Advance unless Seller has previously or simultaneously with Buyers funding of a Future Funding Advance funded or caused to be funded to the related Mortgagor (or to an escrow agent or as otherwise directed by the related Mortgagor) in respect of such Purchased Asset. 

(m) Amortization Period . 

(i) Provided all of the Amortization Period Conditions are satisfied, Seller shall have the option to extend the Repurchase Date for all outstanding Transactions as of the Availability Period Expiration Date for a period equal to the lesser of (x) the date that all Repurchase Obligations have been paid in full and no Purchased Assets remain subject to Transactions and 

(y) two (2) years (such period, the Amortization Period from the date of the Availability Period Expiration Date (such date, the Amortization Period Expiration Date ). For purposes of this Article 3(m)(i) , the Amortization Period Conditions shall be deemed to have been satisfied if: 

45 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (A) Seller shall have given Administrative Agent written notice, not less than sixty (60) days and no more than one hundred twenty (120) days, prior to then-current Availability Period Expiration Date, of Seller s desire to enter the Amortization Period; 

(B) no Margin Deficit that has resulted in a Margin Deficit Notice, or Event of Default under this Agreement shall have occurred and be continuing as of the Availability Period Expiration Date; 

(C) the representations and warranties made by Seller, Pledgor and Guarantor in any of the Transaction Documents shall be true and correct in all respects as of the then-current Availability Period Expiration Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties (a) are made as of a particular date, (b) are no longer true as a result of a change in fact with respect to a Purchased Asset that was consented to in writing by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, hereunder or (c) are disclosed in a Requested Exceptions Report; 

(D) Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and Seller shall have executed amended Confirmations for the Amortization Period Assets; and 

(E) Seller shall have paid to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, the Amortization Period Fee then due and payable to Buyers. 

(ii) During the Amortization Period, Seller shall pay Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, the Amortization Period Fee in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Fee Letter. 

(iii) During the Amortization Period, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall not purchase any new Eligible Assets. If Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and Seller have entered into the Amortization Period in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Article 3(m) , then (A) on the Amortization Period Expiration Date, Seller shall be obligated to repurchase all of the Purchased Assets subject to Transactions and transfer payment of the Repurchase Price for each such Purchased Asset, together with the accrued and unpaid Price Differential and any other amounts due and payable to Buyers hereunder, against the transfer by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to Seller of each such Purchased Asset, and (B) following the Amortization Period Expiration Date, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall not be obligated to transfer any Purchased Assets to Seller until payment in full to Buyers of all amounts due hereunder. 

ARTICLE 4. 
 MARGIN MAINTENANCE 
 
 (a) Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, may, at its option in its sole discretion, determine if a Margin Deficit Event has occurred, at any time and from time to time. If a Margin Deficit Event then exists that results in a Margin Deficit that equals or exceeds 500,000, then Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, may by notice to Seller in the form of Exhibit VII (a Margin Deficit Notice require Seller to make a cash payment in reduction of the outstanding Purchase Price for such Purchased Asset, such that, after giving effect to such payment, no Margin Deficit shall exist with respect to the related Purchased Asset. Seller shall perform the obligations under this Article 4(a) by the close of the second (2nd) Business Day following receipt of the Margin Deficit Notice. 

46 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (b) The failure of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, or Buyers, on any one or more occasions, to exercise its rights hereunder, shall not change or alter the terms and conditions to which this Agreement is subject or limit the rights of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, or Buyers, to do so at a later date. Seller and Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, each agree that a failure or delay by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to exercise its rights hereunder shall not limit or waive Administrative Agent or Buyers rights under this Agreement or otherwise existing by law or in any way create additional rights for Seller. 

ARTICLE 5. 
 INCOME PAYMENTS AND PRINCIPAL PAYMENTS 
 
 (a) The Depository Account shall be established at the Depository and shall be subject to the Depository Agreement which shall be executed and delivered concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement. Pursuant to the Depository Agreement, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall have sole dominion and control over the Depository Account. The Depository Account shall, at all times, be subject to the Depository Agreement. Seller shall cause all Income in respect of the Purchased Assets, as well as any interest received from the reinvestment of such Income, to be deposited into the Depository Account. In furtherance of the foregoing, Seller shall cause Primary Servicer to remit to the Depository Account all Income received in respect of the Purchased Assets within two (2) Business Days of receipt. All Income in respect of the Purchased Assets shall be deposited directly into, or, if applicable, remitted directly from the applicable underlying collection account to, the Depository Account. 

(b) So long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, all Income (other than Principal Payments) on deposit in the Depository Account in respect of the Purchased Assets during each Collection Period shall be applied on the related Remittance Date as follows: 

(i) first , (a) to the Custodian for the payment of the fees payable to Custodian pursuant to the Custodial Agreement, then (b) to the Depository pursuant to the Depository Agreement and then (c) to the Servicer for payment of the fees payable to Servicer pursuant to the Servicing Agreement (to the extent not withheld from Income deposited into the Depository Account); 

(ii) second , to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, an amount equal to the Price Differential that has accrued and is outstanding as of such Remittance Date; 

(iii) third , to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, an amount equal to any other amounts then due and payable to Buyers or their respective Affiliates under any Transaction Document (including any outstanding Margin Deficits); and 

(iv) fourth , to Seller, the remainder, if any. 

If, on any Remittance Date, the amounts deposited in the Depository Account shall be insufficient to make the payments required under (i) through (iii) above of this Article 5(b) , and Seller does not otherwise make such payments on such Remittance Date, the same shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder. 
 
 (c) So long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, all Principal Payments on deposit in the Depository Account in respect of the Purchased Assets applied by the Depository no later than the second (2nd) Business Day following the Business Day on which such funds are deposited in the Depository Account as follows: 

47 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (i) first , if a Principal Payment in respect of any Purchased Asset has been made during the related Collection Period, to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, an amount equal to (A) during the Availability Period, the product of the amount of such Principal Payment, multiplied by the applicable Advance Rate and (B) during the Amortization Period, an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of such Principal Payment until the outstanding aggregate Purchase Price of all Purchased Assets has been reduced to zero (0); 

(ii) second ; to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, an amount equal to any other amounts then due and payable to Buyers or their respective Affiliates under any Transaction Document (including any outstanding Margin Deficits); and 

(iii) third ; to Seller, the remainder, if any. 

(d) If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, all Income (including, without limitation, any Principal Payments or any other amounts received, without regard to their source) on deposit in the Depository Account in respect of the Purchased Assets shall be applied as determined in Administrative Agent s sole discretion pursuant to Article 13(b)(iii) . 

(e) If the amounts remitted to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, as provided in Articles 5(b) and 5(c) are insufficient to pay all amounts due and payable from Seller to Buyers under this Agreement or any Transaction Document, whether due to the occurrence of an Event of Default or otherwise, Seller shall remain liable to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, for payment of all such amounts when due. 

ARTICLE 6. 
 SECURITY INTEREST 
 
 (a) Administrative Agent, Buyers and Seller intend that the Transactions hereunder be sales to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, of the Purchased Assets (other than for U.S. federal, state and local income or franchise tax purposes) and not loans from Buyers to Seller secured by the Purchased Assets. However, in order to preserve Administrative Agent s and Buyers rights under this Agreement in the event that a court or other forum recharacterizes the Transactions hereunder as loans and as security for the performance by Seller of all of Seller s obligations to Administrative Agent and Buyers under the Transaction Documents and the Transactions entered into hereunder, or in the event that a transfer of a Purchased Asset is otherwise ineffective to effect an outright transfer of such Purchased Asset to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, Seller hereby assigns, pledges and grants a security interest in all of its right, title and interest in, to and under the Purchased Items (as defined below) to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to secure the payment of the Repurchase Price on all Transactions to which it is a party and all other amounts owing by it to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, hereunder, including, without limitation, amounts owing pursuant to Article 27 , and under the other Transaction Documents, and to secure the obligation of Seller or its designee to service the Purchased Assets in conformity with Article 29 and any other obligation of Seller to Administrative Agent and Buyers (collectively, the Repurchase Obligations ). Seller hereby acknowledges and agrees that each Purchased Asset serves as collateral for the Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, under this Agreement and that Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, has the right, upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, to realize on any or all of the Purchased Assets in order to satisfy the Seller s obligations hereunder. Seller agrees to update in internal registers, books and records (including, without limitation, to mark its computer records and tapes) to reflect and evidence the interests granted to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, hereunder. All of Seller s right, title and interest in, to and under each of the following items of property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, now existing or hereafter created and wherever located, is hereinafter referred to as the Purchased Items : 

48 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

49 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (i) the Purchased Assets and all securities accounts (as defined in Article 8-501(a) of the UCC) to which any or all of the Purchased Assets are credited; 

(ii) any cash or cash equivalents delivered to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in accordance with Articles 4(a) . 

(iii) the Purchased Asset Documents, Servicing Agreements, Servicing Records, Servicing Rights, all servicing fees relating to the Purchased Assets, insurance policies relating to the Purchased Assets, and collection and escrow accounts and letters of credit relating to the Purchased Assets; 

(iv) all general intangibles , accounts , chattel paper , investment property , instruments , securities accounts and deposit accounts , each as defined in the UCC, relating to or constituting any and all of the foregoing; 

(v) any other items, amounts, rights or properties transferred or pledged by Seller to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, under any of the Transaction Documents; and 

(vi) all replacements, substitutions or distributions on or proceeds, payments, Income and profits of, and records (but excluding any financial models or other proprietary information) and files relating to any and all of any of the foregoing. 

(b) Intentionally Omitted. 

(c) The security interest of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in the Purchased Items shall terminate only upon termination of Seller s obligations under this Agreement and the documents delivered in connection herewith and therewith and the other Transaction Documents including, for the avoidance of doubt, Seller repurchasing each Purchased Asset. For the avoidance of doubt, Administrative Agent s, on behalf of Buyers, security interest in the Purchased Items shall not terminate upon Administrative Agent s determination of the Market Value of any Purchased Asset to be zero. Upon such termination, Administrative Agent shall deliver to Seller such UCC termination statements and other release documents as may be commercially reasonable and shall promptly return the Purchased Assets to Seller and reconvey the Purchased Items to Seller and release its security interest in the Purchased Items. For purposes of the grant of the security interest pursuant to this Article 6 , this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a security agreement under the New York Uniform Commercial Code (the UCC ). Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall have all of the rights and may exercise all of the remedies of a secured creditor under the UCC. In furtherance of the foregoing, (a) Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, at Seller s sole cost and expense, as applicable, shall cause to be filed in such locations as may be necessary to perfect and maintain perfection and priority of the security interest granted hereby, UCC financing statements and continuation statements (collectively, the Filings ), and shall forward copies of such Filings to Seller upon completion thereof, and (b) Seller shall from time to time take such further actions as may be requested by Administrative Agent to maintain and continue the perfection and priority of the security interest granted hereby (including marking its records and files to evidence the interests granted to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, hereunder). Seller hereby authorizes Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to file a UCC financing statement naming Seller as debtor and Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, as secured party and describing the collateral covered thereby as all assets now owned or hereafter acquired. 

(d) Seller hereby pledges to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, as security for the performance by Seller of the Repurchase Obligations and hereby grants to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, a first priority security interest in all of Seller s right, title and interest in and to the 

50 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

51 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Deposit Account and all amounts and property from time to time on deposit therein and all replacements, substitutions or distributions on or proceeds, payments and profits of, and records and files relating to, the Deposit Account. 
 
 ARTICLE 7. 
 PAYMENT, TRANSFER AND CUSTODY 
 
 (a) On the Purchase Date for each Transaction, (i) ownership of the Purchased Asset shall be transferred to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, or its designee (including any Custodian) against the simultaneous transfer of the Purchase Price in immediately available funds to an account of Seller or an Acceptable Attorney pursuant to an escrow letter or other undertaking approved by Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion specified in the Confirmation relating to such Transaction and 

(ii) Seller hereby sells, transfers, conveys and assigns to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, on a servicing-released basis all of Seller s right, title and interest in and to such Purchased Asset, together with all related Servicing Rights. Subject to this Agreement, Seller may sell to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, repurchase from Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and re-sell Eligible Assets to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, but may not substitute other Eligible Assets for Purchased Assets. 
 
 (b) Seller shall: 

(i) with respect to each Purchased Asset that is not a Table Funded Purchased Asset, 

(A) not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time) on the Business Day prior to the related Purchase Date, deliver and release to Custodian (with a copy to Administrative Agent), the Purchased Asset Documents together with any other documentation in respect of such Purchased Asset requested by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in Administrative Agent s sole discretion, and (B) on the Purchase Date, cause Custodian to deliver a Trust Receipt confirming receipt of such Purchased Asset Documents; and 
 
 (ii) with respect to each Table Funded Purchased Asset, (A) not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time) on the Purchase Date, deliver or cause Bailee to deliver to Administrative Agent, by electronic transmission, a true and complete copy of the related Mortgage Note with assignment in blank, loan agreement, Mortgage, Title Policy and executed Bailee Agreement, (B) not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time) on the third (3rd) Business Day following the Purchase Date, deliver or Bailee to deliver and release to Custodian (with a copy to Administrative Agent), the Purchased Asset Documents and any other documentation in respect of such Purchased Asset requested by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in its sole discretion, and (C) not later than two (2) Business Days following receipt of such Purchased Asset Documents by Custodian, cause Custodian to deliver a Trust Receipt confirming such receipt; 

provided that if Seller cannot deliver, or cause to be delivered, any of the original Purchased Asset Documents required to be delivered as originals (excluding the Mortgage Note, and the Assignment of Mortgage, originals of which must be delivered at the time required under the provisions above), Seller shall deliver a photocopy thereof and an officer s certificate of Seller certifying that such copy represents a true and correct copy of the original and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and deliver such original document within one hundred eighty (180) days after the related Purchase Date (or such longer period after the related Purchase Date to which Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, may consent in its sole discretion, so long as Seller is, as certified in writing to Administrative Agent not less frequently than monthly, using its best efforts to obtain the original). After the expiration of such commercially reasonable efforts period, Seller shall deliver to Administrative Agent a certification that states, despite 
 
 52 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

53 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Seller s commercially reasonable efforts, Seller was unable to obtain such original document, and thereafter Seller shall have no further obligation to deliver the related original document. 
 
 (c) From time to time, Seller shall forward to Administrative Agent and to the Custodian additional copies of, originals of, documents evidencing any assumption, modification, consolidation or extension of a Purchased Asset approved in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and upon receipt of any such other documents, the Custodian shall hold such other documents in accordance with the Custodial Agreement. With respect to all of the Purchased Assets delivered by Seller to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, its designee (including the Custodian), or the Acceptable Attorney, as the case may be, Seller shall have executed and delivered to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, the omnibus power of attorney substantially in the form of Exhibit IV attached hereto irrevocably appointing Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, its attorney in fact with full power, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to (i) complete the endorsements of the Purchased Assets, including without limitation the Mortgage Notes, Assignments of Mortgages, and any transfer documents related thereto, (ii) record the Assignments of Mortgages, (iii) prepare and file and record each assignment of mortgage, (iv) take any action (including exercising voting and/or consent rights) with respect to intercreditor agreements or participation agreements, (v) complete the preparation and filing, in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, of such financing statements, continuation statements, and other UCC forms, as Administrative Agent may from time to time, reasonably consider necessary to create, perfect, and preserve Administrative Agent s, on behalf of Buyers, security interest in the Purchased Assets, (vi) enforce Seller s rights under the Purchased Assets purchased by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, pursuant to this Agreement and to, and 

(vii) take such other steps as may be necessary or desirable to enforce Administrative Agent s, on behalf of Buyers, rights against, under or with respect to such Purchased Assets and the related Purchased Asset Files and the Servicing Records. Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall deposit the Purchased Asset Files representing the Purchased Assets, or direct that the Purchased Asset Files be deposited directly, with the Custodian, and the Purchased Asset Files shall be maintained in accordance with the Custodial Agreement. If a Purchased Asset File is not delivered to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, or its designee (including the Custodian), such Purchased Asset File shall be held in trust by Seller or its designee for the benefit of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, as the owner thereof. Seller or its designee shall maintain a copy of the Purchased Asset File and the originals of the Purchased Asset File not delivered to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, or its designee. The possession of the Purchased Asset File by Seller or its designee is at the will of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, for the sole purpose of servicing the related Purchased Asset, and such retention and possession by Seller or its designee is in a custodial capacity only. The books and records (including, without limitation, any computer records or tapes) of Seller or its designee shall be marked appropriately to reflect clearly the sale of the related Purchased Asset to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers. Seller or its designee (including the Custodian) shall release its custody of the Purchased Asset File only in accordance with written instructions from Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, unless such release is required as incidental to the servicing of the Purchased Assets, is in connection with a repurchase of any Purchased Asset by Seller or as otherwise required by law or set forth in the Custodial Agreement. 
 
 (d) Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, hereby grants to Seller a revocable option to exercise all voting and corporate rights with respect to the Purchased Assets (each, a Revocable Option and to vote, take corporate actions and exercise any rights in connection with the Purchased Assets, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Such Revocable Option is not evidence of any ownership or other interest or right of Seller in any Purchased Asset. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of a monetary Potential Event of Default or an Event of Default, and in each case subject to the provisions of the Purchased Asset Documents, the Revocable Option discussed above shall automatically terminate and thereafter Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall be entitled to exercise all voting and corporate rights with respect to the Purchased Assets without 

54 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

55 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 regard to Seller s instructions (including, but not limited to, if an Act of Insolvency shall occur with respect to Seller, to the extent Seller controls or is entitled to control selection of any servicer, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, may transfer any or all of such servicing to an entity satisfactory to Administrative Agent). 
 
 ARTICLE 8. 
 SALE, TRANSFER, HYPOTHECATION OR PLEDGE OF PURCHASED ASSETS 
 
 (a) Title to all Purchased Items shall pass to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, on the applicable Purchase Date, and Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall have free and unrestricted use of all Purchased Items, subject, however, to the terms of this Agreement. Subject to the provisions of Article 19 , nothing in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall preclude Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, from engaging in repurchase transactions with the Purchased Assets or otherwise selling, transferring, pledging, repledging, hypothecating, or rehypothecating the Purchased Items, and provided that no such transaction shall relieve Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, of its obligations to transfer the Purchased Items to Seller pursuant to Article 3 of this Agreement or of Administrative Agent s, on behalf of Buyers, obligation to credit or pay Income to, or apply Income to the obligations of, Seller pursuant to Article 5 hereof, or of Administrative Agent s, on behalf of Buyers, obligations pursuant to Article 19 hereof. 

(b) Nothing contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall obligate Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to segregate any Purchased Assets delivered to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, by Seller. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, no Purchased Asset shall remain in the custody of Seller or an Affiliate of Seller. 

ARTICLE 9. 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
 (a) Each of Administrative Agent, Buyers and Seller represents and warrants to the other that 

(i) it is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Agreement, to enter into Transactions contemplated hereunder and to perform its obligations hereunder and has taken all necessary action to authorize such execution, delivery and performance, (ii) it will engage in such Transactions as principal (or, if agreed in writing, in the form of an annex hereto or otherwise, in advance of any Transaction by the other party hereto, as agent for a disclosed principal), (iii) the person signing this Agreement on its behalf is duly authorized to do so on its behalf (or on behalf of any such disclosed principal), (iv) it has obtained all authorizations of any Governmental Authority required in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions hereunder and such authorizations are in full force and effect and (v) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Transactions hereunder will not violate any Requirement of Law applicable to it or its organizational documents or any agreement by which it is bound or by which any of its assets are affected. On the Purchase Date for any Transaction for the purchase of any Purchased Assets by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, from Seller and any Transaction hereunder and at all times while this Agreement and any Transaction thereunder is in effect, Administrative Agent, Buyers and Seller shall each be deemed to repeat all the foregoing representations made by it. 
 
 (b) In addition to the representations and warranties in Article 9(a) above, Seller represents and warrants to Administrative Agent and Buyers as of the date of this Agreement and will be deemed to represent and warrant to Administrative Agent and Buyers as of the Purchase Date for the purchase of any Purchased Assets by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, from Seller and any Transaction 

56 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 thereunder that at all times while this Agreement and any Transaction thereunder is in effect, unless otherwise stated herein: 
 
 (i) Organization . Seller is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws and regulations of the jurisdiction of Seller s incorporation or organization, as the case may be, and is duly licensed, qualified, and in good standing in every state where such licensing or qualification is necessary for the transaction of Seller s business, except where failure to so qualify could not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. Seller has the power to own and hold the assets it purports to own and hold, and to carry on its business as now being conducted and proposed to be conducted, and has the power to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

(ii) Due Execution; Enforceability . The Transaction Documents have been or will be duly executed and delivered by Seller, for good and valuable consideration. The Transaction Documents constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of Seller, enforceable against Seller in accordance with their respective terms subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, and other limitations on creditors rights generally and to equitable principles. 

(iii) Ability to Perform . Seller does not believe, nor does it have any reason or cause to believe, that it cannot perform each and every covenant contained in the Transaction Documents applicable to it to which it is a party. 

(iv) Non-Contravention; Consents . Neither the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents, nor consummation by Seller of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (or any of them), nor compliance by Seller with the terms, conditions and provisions of the Transaction Documents (or any of them) will (A) conflict with or result in a breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of the organizational documents of Seller, (B) violate or conflict with any contractual provisions of, or cause a default or event of default under, any indenture, loan agreement, mortgage, contract or other material agreement to which Seller is a party or by which Seller may be bound to which Seller is now a party, (C) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien or any other encumbrance of any of the assets of Seller, other than pursuant to the Transaction Documents, (D) conflict with any judgment or order, writ, injunction, decree or demand of any court applicable to Seller, or (E) conflict any applicable Requirement of Law to the extent that such conflict or breach referred to in clause (E) would have a Material Adverse Effect upon Seller s ability to perform its obligations hereunder. 

(v) Litigation; Requirements of Law . There is no action, suit, proceeding, investigation, or arbitration pending or, to the Knowledge of Seller, threatened against Seller or any of its assets, nor is there any action, suit, proceeding, investigation, or arbitration pending or threatened against Seller that (A) may, individually or in the aggregate, result in any Material Adverse Effect, (B) may have an adverse effect on the validity of the Transaction Documents or any action taken or to be taken in connection with the obligations of Seller under any of the Transaction Documents or (C) requires filing with the SEC in accordance with the 1934 Act or any rules thereunder. Seller is in compliance in all material respects with all Requirements of Law. Seller is not in default in any material respect with respect to any judgment, order, writ, injunction, decree, rule or regulation of any arbitrator or Governmental Authority. 

(vi) No Broker . Seller has not dealt with any broker, investment banker, agent, or other Person (other than Goldman Sachs Bank USA or its Affiliate) who may be entitled to any commission or compensation in connection with the sale of Purchased Assets pursuant to any of the Transaction Documents. 

57 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

58 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (vii) Good Title to Purchased Assets . Immediately prior to the purchase of any Purchased Assets by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, from Seller, such Purchased Assets are free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or impediment to transfer (including any adverse claim as defined in Article 8 102(a)(1) of the UCC), and Seller is the record and beneficial owner of and has good and marketable title to and the right to sell and transfer such Purchased Assets to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and, upon transfer of such Purchased Assets to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall be the equitable owner of such Purchased Assets free of any adverse claim. In the event the related Transaction is recharacterized as a secured financing of the Purchased Assets, the provisions of this Agreement are effective to create in favor of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, a valid security interest in all rights, title and interest of Seller in, to and under the Purchased Assets and Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall have a valid, perfected first priority security interest in the Purchased Assets (and without limitation on the foregoing, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, as entitlement holder, shall have a security entitlement to the Purchased Assets). 

(viii) No Material Adverse Effect; No Potential Events of Default . To Seller s Knowledge, there are no post-Transaction facts or circumstances that have a Material Adverse Effect on any Purchased Asset that Seller has not notified Administrative Agent in writing. No Potential Event of Default or Event of Default exists under or with respect to the Transaction Documents. 

(ix) Authorized Representatives . The duly authorized representatives of Seller are listed on, and true signatures of such authorized representatives are set forth on, Exhibit II attached to this Agreement. 

(x) Representations and Warranties Regarding Purchased Assets; Delivery of Purchased Asset File . 

(A) As of the date hereof, Seller has not assigned, pledged, or otherwise conveyed or encumbered any Purchased Asset to any other Person, and immediately prior to the sale of such Purchased Asset to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, Seller was the sole owner of such Purchased Asset and had good and marketable title thereto, free and clear of all Liens, and any impediment to transfer (including any adverse claim as defined in Section 8-102(a)(1) of the UCC), in each case except for Liens to be released simultaneously with the sale to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, hereunder. 

(B) The provisions of this Agreement and the related Confirmation are effective to either (1) constitute a sale of Purchased Items to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, or (2) in the event the related Transaction is recharacterized as a secured financing of the Purchased Assets, to create in favor of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, a legal, valid and enforceable security interest in all right, title and interest of Seller in, to and under the Purchased Items, and in such event, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall have a valid, perfected first priority security interest in the Purchased Items (and without limitation on the foregoing, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, as entitlement holder, shall have a security entitlement to the Purchased Items). 

(C) Upon receipt by the Custodian of each Mortgage Note endorsed in blank by a duly authorized officer of Seller, either a purchase shall have been completed by 

59 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, of such Mortgage Note, or Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall have a valid and fully perfected first priority security interest in all right, title and interest of Seller in the Purchased Items described therein. 
 
 (D) Each of the representations and warranties made in respect of the Purchased Assets pursuant to Exhibit V are true, complete and correct, except to the extent disclosed in a Requested Exceptions Report. 

(E) Upon the filing of financing statements on Form UCC-1 naming Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, as Secured Party , Seller as Debtor and describing the Purchased Items, in the jurisdiction and recording office listed on Exhibit 

X attached hereto, the security interests granted hereunder in that portion of the Purchased Items which can be perfected by filing under the UCC will constitute fully perfected security interests under the UCC in all right, title and interest of Seller in, to and under such Purchased Items. 
 
 (F) Upon execution and delivery of the Depository Agreement, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall either be the owner of, or have a valid and fully perfected first priority security interest in, the Depository Account and all amounts at any time on deposit therein. 

(G) Upon execution and delivery of the Depository Agreement, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall either be the owner of, or have a valid and fully perfected first priority security interest in, the investment property and all deposit accounts (each as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code) comprising Purchased Items or any after-acquired property related to such Purchased Items. 

(H) With respect to each Purchased Asset purchased by Seller or an Affiliate of Seller from a Transferor, (a) such Purchased Asset was acquired and transferred pursuant to a Purchase Agreement, (b) such Transferor received reasonably equivalent value in consideration for the transfer of such Purchased Asset, (c) no such transfer was made for or on account of an antecedent debt owed by such Transferor to Seller or an Affiliate of Seller, (d) no such transfer is or may be voidable or subject to avoidance under the Bankruptcy Code, and (e) if Seller acquired the Purchased Asset from a Transferor, unless such Transferor is a wholly owned Subsidiary of Guarantor, Seller has delivered to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, an opinion of counsel regarding the true sale of the purchase of such Asset by Seller and, if such Asset was acquired by Seller s Affiliate from a Transferor, the true sale of the purchase of the Asset by the Affiliate of Seller from such Transferor, which opinions shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent and (f) the representations and warranties made by such Transferor to Seller or such Affiliate in such Purchase Agreement are hereby incorporated herein mutatis mutandis and are hereby remade by Seller to Administrative Agent and Buyers on each date as of which they speak in such Purchase Agreement. Seller or such Affiliate of Seller has been granted a security interest in each such Purchased Asset, filed one or more UCC financing statements against the Transferor to perfect such security interest, and assigned such financing statements in blank and delivered such assignments to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, or Custodian. 

(I) Seller has complied with all material requirements of the Custodial Agreement with respect to each Purchased Asset, including delivery to Custodian of all required Purchased Asset Documents. Except to the extent disclosed in a Requested 

60 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

61 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Exceptions Report, Seller or its designee is in possession of a complete, true and accurate Purchased Asset File with respect to each Purchased Asset, except for such documents the originals of which have been delivered to the Custodian. 
 
 (J) The Purchased Assets constitute the following, as applicable, as defined in the UCC: a general intangible, instrument, investment property, security, deposit account, financial asset, uncertificated security, securities account, or security entitlement. Seller has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any UCC financing statements filed against Seller as debtor that include the Purchased Assets, other than any financing statement that has been terminated or filed pursuant to this Agreement. 

(xi) Adequate Capitalization; No Fraudulent Transfer . Seller has, as of each Purchase Date, adequate capital for the normal obligations foreseeable in a business of its size and character and in light of its contemplated business operations. Neither the Transaction Documents nor any Transaction thereunder are entered into in contemplation of insolvency or with intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of Seller s creditors. The transfer of the Purchased Assets subject hereto and the obligation to repurchase such Purchased Assets is not undertaken with the intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of Seller s creditors. As of the Purchase Date, Seller is not insolvent within the meaning of Section 101(32) of the Bankruptcy Code or any successor provision thereof, is generally able to pay, and as of the date hereof is paying, its debts as they become due, and the transfer and sale of the Purchased Assets pursuant hereto and the obligation to repurchase such Purchased Asset (A) will not cause the liabilities of Seller to exceed the assets of Seller, (B) will not result in Seller having unreasonably small capital, and (C) will not result in debts that would be beyond Seller s ability to pay as the same mature. Seller received reasonably equivalent value in exchange for the transfer and sale of the Purchased Assets and the Purchased Items subject hereto. No petition in bankruptcy has been filed against Seller in the last ten (10) years, and Seller has not in the last ten (10) years made an assignment on behalf of creditors or taken advantage of any debtors relief laws. Seller has only entered into agreements on terms that would be considered arm s length and otherwise on terms consistent with other similar agreements with other similarly situated entities. 

(xii) Governmental Approvals . No order, consent, approval, license, authorization or validation of, or filing, recording or registration by Seller with, or exemption by, any Governmental Authority is required to authorize, or is required in connection with, (A) the execution, delivery and performance of any Transaction Document to which Seller is or will be a party, (B) the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of any such Transaction Document against Seller or (C) the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (other than consents, approvals and filings that have been obtained or made as applicable, and the filing of certain financing statements in respect of certain security interests). 

(xiii) Organizational Documents . Seller has delivered to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, certified copies of its organization documents, together with all amendments thereto, if any. 

(xiv) No Encumbrances . There are (i) no outstanding rights, options, warrants or agreements on the part of Seller for a purchase, sale or issuance, in connection with the Purchased Assets, (ii) no agreements on the part of Seller to issue, sell or distribute the Purchased Assets, and (iii) no obligations on the part of Seller (contingent or otherwise) to purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any securities or interest therein, except as contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 

62 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (xv) Federal Regulations . Seller is not required to register as an investment company, or a company controlled by an investment company, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). 

(xvi) Taxes . Seller has timely filed all required federal income tax returns and all other material Tax returns, domestic and foreign, required to be filed by it and has paid all Taxes (whether or not shown on a return), which have become due, except for Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which appropriate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP. Seller has satisfied all of its withholding Tax obligations. No Tax Liens are currently filed against any assets of Seller and no claims are currently being asserted in writing against Seller with respect to Taxes (except for liens and with respect to Taxes not yet due and payable or liens or claims with respect to Taxes that are being contested in good faith and for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP). 

(xvii) Judgments/Bankruptcy . Except as disclosed in writing to Administrative Agent, there are no judgments against Seller unsatisfied of record or docketed in any court located in the United States of America and no Act of Insolvency has ever occurred with respect to Seller. 

(xviii) Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations . All proceeds of each Transaction shall be used by Seller for purposes permitted under Seller s governing documents, provided that no part of the proceeds of any Transaction will be used by Seller to purchase or carry any margin stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock. Neither the entering into of any Transaction nor the use of any proceeds thereof will violate, or be inconsistent with, any provision of Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 

(xix) Full and Accurate Disclosure . No information contained in the Transaction Documents, or any written statement furnished by or on behalf of Seller pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading in light of the circumstances under or context in which they were made. 

(xx) Financial Information . All financial data concerning Seller and, to Seller s Knowledge, the Purchased Assets that has been delivered by or on behalf of Seller to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, is true, complete and correct in all material respects. All financial data concerning Seller has been prepared fairly in accordance with GAAP. Since the delivery of such data, except as otherwise disclosed in writing to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, there has been no change in the financial position of Seller or, to Seller s Knowledge, the Purchased Assets, or in the results of operations of Seller, which change is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller. 

(xxi) Intentionally Omitted . 

(xxii) Servicing Agreements . Seller has delivered to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, copies of all Servicing Agreements pertaining to the Purchased Assets and to the Knowledge of Seller, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Purchase Date for the purchase of any Purchased Assets subject to a Servicing Agreement, each such Servicing Agreement is in full force and effect in accordance with its terms and no default or event of default exists thereunder. 

63 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (xxiii) No Reliance . Seller has made its own independent decisions to enter into the Transaction Documents and each Transaction and as to whether such Transaction is appropriate and proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisors (including without limitation, legal counsel and accountants) as it has deemed necessary. Seller is not relying upon any advice from Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, as to any aspect of the Transactions, including without limitation, the legal, accounting or tax treatment of such Transactions. 

(xxiv) Patriot Act . 

(a) Seller is in compliance with the (A) the Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) and any other applicable enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto, (B) the USA Patriot Act, and (C) the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and any other applicable anti-bribery laws and regulations. No part of the proceeds of any Transaction will be used, directly or indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 

(b) Seller agrees that, from time to time upon the prior written request of Administrative Agent, it shall (A) execute and deliver such further documents, provide such additional information and reports and perform such other acts as Administrative Agent may reasonably request in order to insure compliance with the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, compliance with the USA Patriot Act and to fully effectuate the purposes of this Agreement and (B) provide such opinions of counsel concerning matters relating to this Agreement as Administrative Agent may reasonably request; provided , however , that nothing in this Article 9(b)(xxiv) shall be construed as requiring Administrative Agent to conduct any inquiry or decreasing Seller s responsibility for its statements, representations, warranties or covenants hereunder. In order to enable Administrative Agent, Buyers and their respective Affiliates to comply with any anti-money laundering program and related responsibilities including, but not limited to, any obligations under the USA Patriot Act and regulations thereunder, Seller on behalf of itself and its Affiliates makes the foregoing representations and covenants to Administrative Agent, Buyers, and their respective Affiliates, that neither Seller, nor, any of its Affiliates, is a Prohibited Investor and Seller is not acting on behalf of or for the benefit of any Prohibited Investor. Seller agrees to promptly notify Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, or a person appointed by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to administer their anti-money laundering program, if applicable, of any change in information affecting this representation. 

(xxv) Reserved . 

(xxvi) Insider . Seller is not an executive officer, director, or person who directly or indirectly or acting through or in concert with one or more persons owns, controls, or has the power to vote more than 10 of any class of voting securities (as those terms are defined in 12 

U.S.C. 375(b) or in regulations promulgated pursuant thereto) of Administrative Agent or any Buyer, of a bank holding company of which Administrative Agent or Buyers is a Subsidiary, or of any Subsidiary, of a bank holding company of which Administrative Agent or any Buyer is a 
 
 64 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

65 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Subsidiary, of any bank at which Administrative Agent or any Buyer maintains a correspondent account or of any lender which maintains a correspondent account with Administrative Agent or any Buyer. 
 
 (xxvii) Office of Foreign Assets Control . Seller warrants, represents and covenants that neither Seller nor any of its Affiliates are or will be an entity or Person that is or is owned or controlled by a Person that is the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasury s Office of Foreign Asset Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or Her Majesty s Treasury (collectively, Sanctions ). Seller covenants and agrees that, with respect to the Transactions under this Agreement, none of Seller or, to Seller s Knowledge, any of its Affiliates will conduct any business, nor engage in any transaction, Assets or dealings, with any Person who is the subject of Sanctions. Seller further covenants and agrees that it will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the facility, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions. 

(xxviii) Notice Address; Jurisdiction of Organization . On the date of this Agreement, Seller s address for notices is as specified on Annex I . Seller s jurisdiction of organization is Delaware. The location where Seller keeps its books and records, including all computer tapes and records relating to the Purchased Items, is its notice address. Seller may change its address for notices and for the location of its books and records by giving Administrative Agent written notice of such change. 

(xxix) Anti-Money Laundering Laws . Seller either (1) is entirely exempt from or (2) has otherwise fully complied with all applicable anti-money laundering laws and regulations (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws ), by (A) establishing an adequate anti-money laundering compliance program as required by the Anti-Money Laundering Laws, (B) conducting the requisite due diligence in connection with the origination of each Purchased Asset for purposes of the Anti-Money Laundering Laws, including with respect to the legitimacy of the related obligor (if applicable) and the origin of the assets used by such obligor to purchase the property in question, and (C) maintaining sufficient information to identify the related obligor (if applicable) for purposes of the Anti-Money Laundering Laws. 

(xxx) Ownership of Property . Seller does not own, and has not ever owned, any assets other than (A) the Purchased Assets, and (B) such incidental personal property related thereto. 

(xxxi) Ownership . Seller is and shall remain at all times a wholly owned direct or indirect Subsidiary of Guarantor. 

(xxxii) Compliance with ERISA . (a) Neither Seller nor Guarantor has any employees as of the date of this Agreement; (b) each of Seller and Guarantor either (i) qualifies as a VCOC or a REOC, (ii) complies with an exception set forth in the Plan Asset Regulations such that the assets of such Person would not be subject to Title I of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code, or 

(iii) is not deemed to hold plan assets within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations that are subject to ERISA; and (c) assuming that no portion of the Purchased Assets are funded by Buyers with plan assets within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations, none of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents will constitute a nonexempt prohibited transaction (as such term is defined in Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA) that could subject the Administrative Agent or any Buyer to any tax or penalty imposed under Section 4975 of the Code or Section 502(i) of ERISA. 
 
 66 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

67 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (xxxiii) Servicing Agreements . Any Servicing Agreement related to a Purchased Asset, including without limitation, the Primary Servicing Agreement, may be terminated at will by Seller without payment of any penalty or fee. 

ARTICLE 10. 
 NEGATIVE COVENANTS OF SELLER 
 
 On and as of the date hereof and each Purchase Date and until this Agreement is no longer in force with respect to any Transaction, Seller shall not without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers: 
 
 (a) take any action that would directly or indirectly impair or adversely affect Administrative Agent s, on behalf of Buyers, title to the Purchased Assets; 

(b) transfer, assign, convey, grant, bargain, sell, set over, deliver or otherwise dispose of, or pledge or hypothecate, directly or indirectly, any interest in the Purchased Assets (or any of them) to any Person other than Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, or engage in repurchase transactions or similar transactions with respect to the Purchased Assets (or any of them) with any Person other than Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, unless and until such Purchased Asset is repurchased by Seller in accordance with this Agreement; 

(c) modify in any material respect any Servicing Agreement to which it is a party; 

(d) create, incur or permit to exist any Lien in or on any of its property, assets, revenue, the Purchased Assets, the other Purchased Items, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the Liens granted by Seller pursuant to Article 6 of this Agreement and the Lien granted by Pledgor under the Pledge and Security Agreement or unless and until such Purchased Asset relating to such Purchased Items is repurchased by Seller in accordance with this Agreement; 

(e) take any action or permit such action to be taken which would result in a Change of Control; 

(f) consent or assent to, or permit the Primary Servicer or servicer to make, any Significant Modification relating to the Purchased Assets without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, which shall be granted or denied in Administrative Agent s sole discretion; 

(g) permit the organizational documents or organizational structure of Seller to be amended without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent, which consent shall not, prior to the occurrence and during the continuance of a Default or an Event of Default, be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, other than with respect to special purpose entity provisions, for which consent shall be at Administrative Agent s, on behalf of Buyers, sole discretion; 

(h) acquire or maintain any right or interest in any Purchased Asset or Underlying Mortgaged Property that is senior to, junior to or pari passu with the rights and interests of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, therein under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents unless such right or interest becomes a Purchased Asset hereunder or unless such right or interest exists as of the Purchase Date for such Purchased Asset and is approved by Administrative Agent in writing; 

(i) use any part of the proceeds of any Transaction hereunder for any purpose which violates, or would be inconsistent with, the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; 

68 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (j) incur any Indebtedness except as provided in Article 12(i) or otherwise cease to be a Single-Purpose Entity; 

(k) intentionally omitted; 

(l) take any action, cause, allow, or permit any of the Seller, Pledgor or Guarantor to be required to register as an investment company , or a company controlled by an investment company , within the meaning of the Investment Company Act, or to violate any provisions of the Investment Company Act, including Section 18 thereof or any rules promulgated thereunder; 

(m) after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Potential Event of Default or Event of Default, make any distribution, payment on account of, or set apart assets for, a sinking or other analogous fund for the purchase, redemption, defeasance, retirement or other acquisition of any equity or ownership interest of Seller, whether now or hereafter outstanding, or make any other distribution in respect thereof, either directly or indirectly, whether in cash or property or in obligations of Seller; provided that, so long as no monetary Event of Default referenced in Articles 13(a)(i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) in an amount equal to or greater than 500,000 shall have occurred and be continuing, Seller may distribute the minimum amount of cash required to be distributed so that Guarantor can both (i) maintain its status as a real estate investment trust under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code and (ii) avoid the payment of any income or excise taxes imposed under Section 857(b)(1), 857(b)(3) or 4981 or the Code; 

(n) make any future advances under any Purchased Asset to any underlying obligor that are not provided for in the related Purchased Asset Documents; 

(o) seek its dissolution, liquidation or winding up, in whole or in part; or 

(p) permit, at any time, a breach of the Concentration Limit. 

ARTICLE 11. 
 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS OF SELLER 
 
 On and as of the date hereof and each Purchase Date and until this Agreement is no longer in force with respect to any Transaction: 
 
 (a) Seller shall promptly notify Administrative Agent of any material adverse change in the business operations and/or financial condition of Seller, Pledgor or Guarantor; provided , however , that nothing in this Article 11 shall relieve Seller of its obligations under this Agreement. 

(b) Seller shall provide Administrative Agent with copies of such documents as Administrative Agent may request evidencing the truthfulness of the representations set forth in Article 9 . 

(c) Seller shall (i) defend the right, title and interest of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in and to the Purchased Items against, and take such other action as is necessary to remove, the Liens, security interests, claims and demands of all Persons (other than Liens created in favor of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, pursuant to the Transaction Documents) and (ii) at Administrative Agent s reasonable request, take all action necessary to ensure that Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, will have a first priority security interest in the Purchased Assets subject to any of the Transactions in the event such Transactions are recharacterized as secured financings. 

(d) Seller will permit Administrative Agent, any Buyer or their respective designated representative to inspect Seller s records with respect to the Purchased Items and the conduct and 

69 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

70 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 operation of its business related thereto upon reasonable prior written notice from Administrative Agent, any Buyer or their respective designated representative, at such reasonable times and with reasonable frequency not to exceed twice per calendar year unless a Potential Event of Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and to make copies of extracts of any and all thereof, subject to the terms of any confidentiality agreement between such Buyer and/or Administrative Agent and Seller and applicable law, and if no such confidentiality agreement then exists between such Buyer and/or Administrative Agent and Seller, Administrative Agent, such Buyer and Seller shall act in accordance with customary market standards regarding confidentiality and applicable law. Administrative Agent and any Buyer shall act in a commercially reasonable manner in requesting and conducting any inspection relating to the conduct and operation of Seller s business. So long as no Potential Event of Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any such inspection shall be at the applicable Buyer s cost and expense. 
 
 (e) If Seller shall at any time become entitled to receive or shall receive any rights, whether in addition to, in substitution of, as a conversion of, or in exchange for a Purchased Asset, or otherwise in respect thereof, Seller shall accept the same as Administrative Agent s, on behalf of Buyers, agent, hold the same in trust for Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and deliver the same forthwith to the Custodian in the exact form received, duly endorsed by Seller to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, if required, together with all related and necessary duly executed transfer documents to be held by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, hereunder as additional collateral security for the Transactions. If any sums of money or property so paid or distributed in respect of the Purchased Assets shall be received by Seller, Seller shall, until such money or property is paid or delivered to Buyers, hold such money or property in trust for Buyers, segregated from other funds of Seller, as additional collateral security for the Transactions. 

(f) At any time from time to time upon the reasonable request of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, at the sole expense of Seller, Seller will promptly and duly execute and deliver such further instruments and documents and take such further actions as Administrative Agent may request for the purposes of obtaining or preserving the full benefits of this Agreement including the perfected, first priority security interest required hereunder, (ii) ensure that such security interest remains fully perfected at all times and remains at all times first in priority as against all other creditors of such Seller (whether or not existing as of the Closing Date, any Purchase Date or in the future) and (iii) obtain or preserve the rights and powers herein granted (including, among other things, filing such UCC financing statements as Administrative Agent may request). If any amount payable under or in connection with any of the Purchased Items shall be or become evidenced by any promissory note, other instrument or certificated security, such note, instrument or certificated security shall be immediately delivered to Administrative Agent, duly endorsed in a manner satisfactory to Administrative Agent, to be itself held as a Purchased Item pursuant to this Agreement, and the documents delivered in connection herewith. 

(g) Seller shall provide, or cause to be provided, to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, the following financial and reporting information: 

(i) Within fifteen (15) calendar days after each month-end, a monthly reporting package substantially in the form of Exhibit III-A attached hereto (the Monthly Reporting Package ); 

(ii) Within forty-five (45) calendar days after the last day of each of the first three (3) fiscal quarters in any fiscal year, a quarterly reporting package substantially in the form of Exhibit III-B attached hereto (the Quarterly Reporting Package ); provided, however, that the financial statements to be attached as Exhibit 2 to the Covenant Compliance Certificate to be 

71 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 included in such Quarterly Reporting Package shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date such items are made publicly available on the SEC website; 
 
 (iii) Within ninety (90) calendar days after the last day of its fiscal year, an annual reporting package substantially in the form of Exhibit III-C attached hereto (the Annual Reporting Package ); provided, however, that the financial statements to be attached as Exhibit 2 to the Covenant Compliance Certificate to be included in to such Annual Reporting Package shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date such items are made publicly available on the SEC website; and 

(iv) Upon Administrative Agent s request: 

(A) such other information regarding the financial condition, operations or business of Seller, Guarantor or any Mortgagor in respect of a Purchased Asset as Administrative Agent may reasonably request; provided , however , that the failure of Seller to timely deliver any such information regarding a Mortgagor as a result of the failure of such Mortgagor to timely deliver to Seller such information so requested of Mortgagor by Seller shall not be an Event of Default. 

(h) Seller shall make a representative available to Administrative Agent every month for attendance at a telephone conference, the date of which to be mutually agreed upon by Administrative Agent and Seller, regarding the status of each Purchased Asset, Seller s compliance with the requirements of Articles 11 and 12 , and any other matters relating to the Transaction Documents or Transactions that Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, wishes to discuss with Seller. 

(i) Seller shall to at all times (i) comply with all contractual obligations, (ii) comply in all respects with all laws, ordinances, rules, regulations and orders (including, without limitation, Environmental Laws) of any Governmental Authority or any other federal, state, municipal or other public authority having jurisdiction over Seller or any of its assets and Seller shall do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence, and all licenses material to its business and (iii) maintain and preserve its legal existence and all of its material rights, privileges, licenses and franchises necessary for the operation of its business (including, without limitation, preservation of all lending licenses held by Seller and of Seller s status as a qualified transferee (however denominated) under all documents which govern the Purchased Assets). 

(j) Seller shall or shall cause Guarantor to at all times keep proper books of records and accounts in which full, true and correct entries shall be made of its transactions fairly in accordance with GAAP, and set aside on its books from its earnings for each fiscal year all such proper reserves in accordance with GAAP. 

(k) Seller shall observe, perform and satisfy all the terms, provisions, covenants and conditions required to be observed, performed or satisfied by it, and shall pay when due all costs, fees and expenses required to be paid by it under the Transaction Documents, including, but not limited to, the fees and expenses of the Custodian and the Acceptable Attorney, Depository and each servicer (including, without limitation, the Primary Servicer) of any or all of the Purchased Assets, the Draw Fee, the Exit Fee, the Amortization Period Fee and the Renewal Period Fee, as applicable. 

(l) Seller will continue to be a U.S. Person that is a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or a disregarded entity of a U.S. Person for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Seller shall pay and discharge all Taxes, levies, liens and other charges on its assets and on the Purchased Items that, in each case, in any manner would create any Lien upon the Purchased Items, other than (A) Taxes that are 

72 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

73 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 not yet due and payable and (B) any such Taxes that are being appropriately contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP; provided that such contest operates to suspend collection of the contested Tax and enforcement of a Lien. 
 
 (m) Seller shall advise Administrative Agent in writing of the opening of any new chief executive office or the closing of any such office of Seller, Pledgor or Guarantor and of any change in Seller s, Pledgor s or Guarantor s name or the places where the books and records pertaining to the Purchased Assets are held not less than fifteen (15) Business Days prior to taking any such action. 

(n) Seller will maintain records with respect to the Purchased Items and the conduct and operation of its business with no less a degree of prudence than if the Purchased Items were held by Seller for its own account. 

(o) Upon reasonable notice (unless a Default or an Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing, in which case, no prior notice shall be required), during normal business hours, Seller shall allow Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to (i) review any operating statements, occupancy status and other property level information with respect to the underlying real estate directly or indirectly securing or supporting the Purchased Assets that either is in Seller s possession or is available to Seller, 

(ii) examine, copy (at Buyers expense) and make extracts from its books and records, to inspect any of its Properties, and (iii) discuss Seller s business and affairs with its Responsible Officers. 
 
 (p) Seller shall deliver to Administrative Agent and Buyers the opinions referenced in 

Section 3(a)(vii) hereof no later than ten (10) Business Days after the Closing Date. 
 
 (q) Intentionally omitted. 

(r) Seller shall continue to engage in business of the same general type as now conducted by it or otherwise as approved by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, prior to the date hereof. 

(s) Seller shall cause each servicer of a Purchased Asset to provide to Administrative Agent via electronic transmission, promptly upon request by Administrative Agent, a Servicing Tape for the most recently ended quarter (or any portion thereof). 

(t) With respect to each Eligible Asset to be purchased hereunder, Seller shall notify Administrative Agent in writing of the creation of any right or interest in such Eligible Asset or related Underlying Mortgaged Property that is senior to or pari passu with the rights and interests that are to be transferred to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and whether any such interest will be held or obtained by Seller or an Affiliate of Seller. 

(u) Reserved. 

(v) With respect to each Purchased Asset, Seller shall take all action necessary or required by the Transaction Documents, Purchased Asset Documents and each and every Requirement of Law, or requested by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to perfect, protect and more fully evidence Administrative Agent s, on behalf of Buyers, ownership of and first priority perfected security interest in such Purchased Asset and related Purchased Asset Documents, including executing or causing to be executed such other instruments or notices as may be necessary or appropriate and filing and maintaining effective UCC financing statements, continuation statements and assignments and amendments thereto. Seller shall not take any action to cause any Purchased Asset that is not evidenced by an instrument or chattel paper (as defined in the UCC) to be so evidenced. If a Purchased Asset becomes evidenced by an 

74 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

75 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 instrument or chattel paper, the same shall be immediately delivered to Administrative Agent or to Custodian on behalf of Buyers, together with endorsements required by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers. 
 
 (w) No later than thirty (30) days after Administrative Agent s request (or such other time period as determined by Administrative Agent), Seller shall procure and deliver to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, an Appraisal relating to any Purchased Asset at Seller s sole cost and expense; provided , however , so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Seller shall only be responsible for the costs and expenses associated with one (1) Appraisal per Purchased Asset during any twelve (12) month period. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall have the unlimited right, at any time and from time to time, to obtain an Appraisal relating to any Purchased Asset at its own cost and expense. 

(x) Seller shall provide notice to Administrative Agent in writing of any of the following, together with a certificate of a Responsible Officer of Seller setting forth details of such occurrence and any action Seller has taken or proposes to take with respect thereto: 

(i) promptly upon receipt by Seller of notice or Knowledge of the occurrence of any Potential Event of Default or Event of Default, but in no event later than the immediately succeeding Business Day after the earlier of obtaining notice or Knowledge of any such occurrence; 

(ii) with respect to any Purchased Asset, promptly following receipt of any unscheduled Principal Payment (in full or in part); 

(iii) promptly upon the occurrence of any of the following: (A) with respect to any Purchased Asset or related Underlying Mortgaged Property, material loss or damage, regulatory issues, material licensing or permit issues, violation of any Requirement of Law, violation of any Environmental Law or any other actual or expected event or change in circumstances that could reasonably be expected to result in a default or material decline in market value or cash flow, and 

(B) with respect to Seller, Pledgor and Guarantor, a violation of any Requirement of Law or other event or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
 
 (iv) promptly upon the establishment of a rating by any nationally recognized rating agency applicable to Guarantor and any downgrade in or withdrawal of such rating once established; 

(v) promptly upon the occurrence of any event or circumstance that could reasonably be determined to cause Guarantor to breach any of the covenants contained in Section 9 of the Guarantee Agreement; 

(vi) promptly, and in any event within ten (10) days after service of process on any of the following, give Administrative Agent notice of all litigation, action, suit, arbitration, investigation or other legal or arbitration proceedings (including, without limitation, any of the following which are pending or threatened) or other legal or arbitrable proceedings affecting Seller, Pledgor, Guarantor, any Purchased Asset (or obligor thereunder) or affecting any of the assets of Seller before any Governmental Authority that (A) questions or challenges the validity or enforceability of any Transaction, Purchased Asset or Purchased Asset Document, (B) makes a claim or claims in an aggregate amount greater than (1) 250,000 with respect to Seller and (2) 

10,000,000 with respect to Guarantor, (C) individually or in the aggregate, if adversely determined, could reasonably be likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, (D) requires filing with 

76 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 the SEC in accordance with the 1934 Act and any rules thereunder or (E) raises any lender licensee issues with respect to any Purchased Asset; 
 
 (vii) promptly, and in any event within one (1) Business Day of receipt of notice by Seller or Knowledge, of (A) any event that would result in any Purchased Asset becoming subject to a Mandatory Early Repurchase Event, (B) any lien or security interest (other than security interests created hereby) on, or claim asserted against, any Purchased Asset or, to Seller s Knowledge, the underlying collateral therefor, (C) any event or change in circumstances that has or could reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on the market value of a Purchased Asset or (D) the resignation or termination of any servicer under any Servicing Agreement with respect to any Purchased Asset; and 

(viii) promptly upon receipt by Seller of notice or Knowledge of the occurrence of any breach of any representation contained in Article 9(b)(x) , but in no event later than the immediately succeeding Business Day after the earlier of obtaining notice or Knowledge of any such occurrence; 

(ix) promptly upon any transfer of any Underlying Mortgaged Property or any direct or indirect equity interest in any Mortgagor to the extent the related Mortgagor is required to provide notice thereof to Seller under the related Purchased Asset Documents. 

(y) Seller shall comply with the USA Patriot Act and all applicable requirements of Governmental Authorities having jurisdiction over Seller and the Purchased Items, including those relating to money laundering and terrorism. Seller agrees that Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall have the right to audit Seller s compliance with the USA Patriot Act and all applicable requirements of Governmental Authorities having jurisdiction over Seller and the Purchased Items, including those relating to money laundering and terrorism. Seller agrees that, in the event Seller fails to comply with the USA Patriot Act or any such applicable requirements of Governmental Authorities, then Administrative Agent may, at its option, cause Seller to comply therewith, and any and all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in connection therewith shall be immediately due and payable by Seller. 

(z) Seller shall provide Administrative Agent with written notice of any amendment, modification or waiver with respect to a Purchased Asset (including such amendments, modifications or waivers that do not constitute a Significant Modification). 

ARTICLE 12. 
 SINGLE PURPOSE ENTITY 
 
 Seller hereby represents and warrants to Administrative Agent and Buyers and covenants with Administrative Agent and Buyers that, on and as of the date of this Agreement and each Purchase Date and at all times while this Agreement and any Transaction hereunder is in effect or any Repurchase Obligations remain outstanding: 
 
 (a) it is and intends to remain solvent, and it has paid and will pay its debts and liabilities (including overhead expenses) from its own assets as the same shall become due; 

(b) it has complied and will comply with the provisions of its certificate of formation and its limited liability company agreement; 

77 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (c) it has done or caused to be done and will do all things necessary to observe limited liability company formalities and to preserve its existence as an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the applicable laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or formation; 

(d) it has maintained and will maintain all of its books, records, financial statements and bank accounts separate from those of its affiliates, its members and any other Person, and it will file its own tax returns (except to the extent consolidation is required or permitted under GAAP or as a matter of law); 

(e) it has been, is and will be, and at all times will hold itself out to the public as, a legal entity separate and distinct from any other entity (including any Affiliate of Seller), it shall correct any known misunderstanding regarding its status as a separate entity, it shall conduct business in its own name, it shall not identify itself or any of its Affiliates as a division or part of the other and it shall maintain and utilize separate stationery, invoices and checks; 

(f) it has not owned and will not own any property or any other assets other than the Purchased Assets and cash; 

(g) it has not engaged and will not engage in any business other than the origination, acquisition, ownership, financing and disposition of the Purchased Assets in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Transaction Documents; 

(h) it has not entered into, and will not enter into, any contract or agreement with any of its affiliates, except upon terms and conditions that are intrinsically fair and substantially similar to those that would be available on an arm s length basis with Persons other than such affiliate; 

(i) it has not incurred and will not incur any indebtedness or obligation, secured or unsecured, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent (including guaranteeing any obligation), other than (i) obligations under the Transaction Documents, (ii) obligations under the documents evidencing the Purchased Assets, and (iii) unsecured trade payables, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 250,000 at any one time outstanding, incurred in the ordinary course of acquiring, owning, financing and disposing of the Purchased Assets; provided , however , that any such trade payables incurred by Seller shall be paid within sixty (60) days of the date incurred; 

(j) it has not made and will not make any loans or advances to any other Person, and shall not acquire obligations or securities of any member or affiliate of any member or any other Person (other than in connection with the origination or acquisition of Purchased Assets); 

(k) it will maintain adequate capital for the normal obligations reasonably foreseeable in a business of its size and character and in light of its contemplated business operations; 

(l) it will not seek the dissolution, liquidation or winding up, in whole or in part of Seller; 

(m) it will not commingle its funds and other assets with those of any of its Affiliates or any other Person; 

(n) it has maintained and will maintain its assets in such a manner that it will not be costly or difficult to segregate, ascertain or identify its individual assets from those of any of its Affiliates or any other Person; 

78 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (o) it has not held and will not hold itself out to be responsible for the debts or obligations of any other Person; 

(p) it will (i) have at all times at least one (1) Independent Director and (ii) provide Administrative Agent with up-to-date contact information for all Independent Directors and a copy of the agreement pursuant to which each Independent Director consents to and serves as an Independent Director for Seller; 

(q) its organizational documents shall provide that (i) no Independent Director of Seller may be removed or replaced without Cause, (ii) Administrative Agent be given at least five (5) Business Days prior notice of the removal and/or replacement of any Independent Director, together with the name and contact information of the replacement Independent Director and evidence of the replacement s satisfaction of the definition of Independent Director and (iii) any Independent Director of Seller shall not have any fiduciary duty to anyone including the holders of the equity interests in Seller and any Affiliates of Seller except Seller and the creditors of Seller with respect to taking of, or otherwise voting on, any Act of Insolvency; provided that the foregoing shall not eliminate the implied contractual covenant of good faith and fair dealing; 

(r) it shall not, without the consent of its Independent Directors, institute any proceeding to be adjudicated as bankrupt or insolvent, or consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it, or file a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief under the Bankruptcy Code or consent to the filing of any such petition or to the appointment of a receiver, rehabilitator, conservator, liquidator, assignee, trustee or sequestrator (or other similar official) of it or of any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, or make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, or take any action in furtherance of any of the foregoing; and 

(s) it shall not have any employees. 

ARTICLE 13. 
 EVENTS OF DEFAULT; REMEDIES 
 
 (a) Each of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement: 

(i) Seller shall fail to repurchase any Purchased Asset on the applicable Repurchase 

Date; 
 
 (ii) Seller shall fail to apply any Income (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Principal Payments) received by Seller in accordance with the provisions hereof; provided , however , to the extent that any such failure occurs despite sufficient funds being on deposit in the Depository Account, Seller shall have one (1) Business Day to cure such failure, except that such failure shall not be an Event of Default if sufficient Income, which would otherwise be remitted to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, pursuant to Section 5 hereof, is on deposit in the Depository Account but the Depository fails to remit such funds to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, so long as Seller causes such funds to be remitted to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, within one (1) Business Day of such failure; 

(iii) Seller shall fail to cure any Margin Deficit in accordance with Article 4 of this Agreement; 

79 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (iv) Seller, Pledgor or Guarantor shall fail to make any payment not otherwise addressed under this Article 13(a) owing to Buyers that has become due, whether by acceleration or otherwise under the terms of this Agreement or the terms of the Pledge and Security Agreement, or the Guarantee Agreement, the Fee Letter or any other Transaction Document, which failure is not remedied within three (3) Business Days of written notice thereof by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to Seller; 

(v) Seller shall default in the observance or performance of its obligation in any agreement contained in Article 10 of this Agreement and, to the extent such default is capable of being cured by Seller, such default shall not be cured within five (5) Business Days after the earlier of (A) notice by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to Seller thereof and (B) Knowledge on the part of Seller thereof, provided , that if such default is susceptible of cure but cannot reasonably be cured within such five (5) Business Day period and if Seller has diligently and expeditiously proceeded to cure the same, such five (5) Business Day period shall be extended for such time as determined by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion for Seller, in the exercise of due diligence, to cure such default; 

(vi) Reserved; 

(vii) an Act of Insolvency occurs with respect to Seller, Pledgor or Guarantor; 

(viii) a Change of Control shall have occurred; 

(ix) Seller, Pledgor or Guarantor shall admit to any Person its inability to, or its intention not to, perform any of its obligations hereunder; 

(x) the Custodial Agreement, the Depository Agreement, the Pledge and Security Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Fee Letter or any other Transaction Document shall for whatever reason be terminated (except with Administrative Agent s prior written consent) or cease to be in full force and effect, or the enforceability thereof shall be contested by Seller, Pledgor, Guarantor or any counter-party thereto, as the case may be; 

(xi) Seller or Guarantor shall be in default under (A) any Indebtedness of Seller or Guarantor, as applicable, which default (1) involves the failure to pay a matured obligation in excess of 250,000, with respect to Seller or 10,000,000, with respect to Guarantor or (2) permits the acceleration of the maturity of obligations by any other party to or beneficiary with respect to such Indebtedness, if the aggregate amount of the Indebtedness in respect of which such default or defaults shall have occurred is at least 250,000, with respect to Seller or 

10,000,000, with respect to Guarantor; or (B) any other material contract to which Seller or Guarantor is a party which default (1) involves the failure to pay a matured obligation or (2) permits the acceleration of the maturity of obligations by any other party to or beneficiary of such contract if the aggregate amount of such obligations is 250,000, with respect to Seller or 
 10,000,000, with respect to Guarantor; 
 
 (xii) Seller or Guarantor shall be in default under any repurchase facility, loan facility or hedging transaction entered into by Seller or Guarantor, as applicable, to any Buyer, or any Affiliate of any Buyer, or any of its present or future Affiliates, which default (A) involves the failure to pay a matured obligation, or (B) permits the acceleration of the maturity of obligations by any other party to or beneficiary with respect to such repurchase facility, loan facility or hedging transaction; 

80 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (xiii) (A) Seller or an ERISA Affiliate shall engage in any prohibited transaction (as defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) involving any Plan that is not exempt from such Sections of ERISA and the Code, (B) any material accumulated funding deficiency (as defined in Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived, shall exist with respect to any Plan or any Lien in favor of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or a Plan shall arise on the assets of Seller or any ERISA Affiliate, (C) a Reportable Event (as referenced in Section 4043(b)(3) of ERISA), the reporting of which has not been waived by regulations, shall occur with respect to, or proceedings shall commence to have a trustee appointed, or a trustee shall be appointed, to administer or to terminate, any Plan, which Reportable Event (as so defined) or commencement of proceedings or appointment of a trustee is, in the reasonable opinion of Administrative Agent, likely to result in the termination of such Plan for purposes of Title IV of ERISA, (D) any Plan shall terminate for purposes of Title IV of ERISA, (E) Seller or any ERISA Affiliate shall, or in the reasonable opinion of Administrative Agent is likely to, incur any liability in connection with a withdrawal from, or the insolvency or reorganization of, a Multiemployer Plan or (F) any other event or condition shall occur or exist with respect to a Plan; and in each case in clauses (A) through (F) above, such event or condition, together with all other such events or conditions, if any, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(xiv) either (A) the Transaction Documents shall for any reason not cause, or shall cease to cause, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to be the owner free of any adverse claim of any of the Purchased Assets, and such condition is not cured by Seller within three 

(3) Business Days after notice thereof from Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to Seller or after Seller otherwise has Knowledge thereof, or (B) if a Transaction is recharacterized as a secured financing, and the Transaction Documents with respect to any Transaction shall for any reason cease to create and maintain a valid first priority security interest in favor of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in any of the Purchased Assets and such condition is not cured by Seller within three (3) Business Days after notice thereof from Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to Seller or after Seller otherwise has Knowledge thereof; 
 
 (xv) [Reserved]; 

(xvi) any governmental, regulatory, or self-regulatory authority shall have taken any action to remove, limit, restrict, suspend or terminate the rights, privileges, or operations of Seller, Pledgor or Guarantor, which suspension or termination has a Material Adverse Effect in the reasonable determination of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers; 

(xvii) [Reserved]; 

(xviii) the breach by Pledgor of any term or condition set forth in the Pledge and Security Agreement or of any representation, warranty, certification or covenant made or deemed made in the Pledge and Security Agreement by Pledgor, and such breach or failure to perform is susceptible of cure and is not remedied within (A) the specified cure period or (B) if no cure is specified, five (5) Business Days after the earlier of (1) notice thereof to Pledgor to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, or (2) Pledgor s Knowledge thereof; provided , however , that with respect to clause (B) only, if such default is susceptible of cure but cannot reasonably be cured within such five (5) Business Day period and if Pledgor has diligently and expeditiously proceeded to cure the same, such five (5) Business Day period shall be extended for such time as is reasonably necessary for Pledgor, in the exercise of due diligence, to cure such default, and in no event shall such cure period exceed fifteen (15) days from the earlier of Pledgor s receipt of Administrative Agent S, on behalf of Buyers, notice of such default or 

81 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Pledgor s Knowledge of such default; provided , further however , that if Pledgor shall have made any such representation with knowledge that it was materially incorrect or untrue at the time made, such misrepresentation shall constitute an Event of Default; 
 
 (xix) any representation (other than the representations and warranties of Seller set forth in Exhibit V and Article 9(b)(x)(d) made by Seller to Administrative Agent and Buyers shall have been incorrect or untrue in any respect when made or repeated or deemed to have been made or repeated and such breach is not remedied within ten (10) Business Days after (A) delivery of notice thereof to Seller by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, or (B) Knowledge on the part of Seller of such breach; provided , however , that if Seller shall have made any such representation with Knowledge that it was materially incorrect or untrue at the time made, such misrepresentation shall constitute an Event of Default; 

(xx) a final judgment by any court of competent jurisdiction for the payment of money (a) rendered against Seller in an amount greater than 250,000 or (b) rendered against Guarantor in an amount greater than 10,000,000, and remains undischarged or unpaid for a period of thirty (30) calendar days, unless such judgment is effectively stayed by fully bonding over or other means reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers; 

(xxi) if Seller shall breach or fail to perform any of the covenants or conditions contained in this Agreement or any Transaction Document, other than those specifically otherwise referred to in this Article 13 , and such breach or failure to perform is susceptible of cure and is not remedied within (A) the specified cure period or (B) if no cure is specified, five 

(5) Business Days after the earlier of (1) notice thereof to Seller to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, or (2) Seller s Knowledge thereof; provided , however , that with respect to clause (B) only, if such default is susceptible of cure but cannot reasonably be cured within such five (5) Business Day period and if Seller has diligently and expeditiously proceeded to cure the same, such five (5) Business Day period shall be extended for such time as is reasonably necessary for Seller, in the exercise of due diligence, to cure such default, and in no event shall such cure period exceed thirty (30) days from the earlier of Seller s receipt of Administrative Agent s, on behalf of Buyers, notice of such default or Seller s Knowledge of such default; 
 
 (xxii) Reserved; 

(xxiii) the breach, subject to applicable grace and cure periods, (A) by Guarantor of any term, covenant (financial or otherwise) or condition set forth in the Guarantee Agreement or (B) of any representation, warranty, certification or covenant made or deemed made in the Guarantee Agreement by Guarantor or if any certificate furnished by Guarantor to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement or any information with respect to the Purchased Assets furnished in writing on behalf of Guarantor shall prove to have been false or misleading in any respect as of the time made or furnished; provided , however , that with respect to clause (B) only, if such default is susceptible of cure but cannot reasonably be cured within such five (5) Business Day period and if Guarantor has diligently and expeditiously proceeded to cure the same, such five (5) Business Day period shall be extended for such time as is reasonably necessary for Guarantor, in the exercise of due diligence, to cure such default, and in no event shall such cure period exceed fifteen (15) days from the earlier of Guarantor s receipt of Administrative Agent s, on behalf of Buyers, notice of such default or Guarantor s Knowledge of such default; provided , further however , that if Guarantor shall have made any such representation with knowledge that it was materially incorrect or untrue at the time made, such misrepresentation shall constitute an Event of Default; 

82 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (xxiv) Reserved; 

(xxv) Seller, Pledgor or Guarantor are required to register as an investment company (as defined in the Investment Company Act), or any of the terms of this Agreement violate any requirement of the Investment Company Act, including without limitation Section 18 thereof or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder; 

(xxvi) Seller or any servicer fails to deposit all Income or other amounts as required by the provisions of this Agreement when due, or an event of default has occurred under any servicing agreement (including the Servicing Agreement); provided that no Event of Default under this clause (xxvi) shall occur if (a) such failure to deposit all Income or any other amounts as required by the provisions of this Agreement is cured within two (2) Business Days of written notice to Seller or Seller otherwise becoming aware thereof and (b) the related servicer is removed and replaced with a replacement servicer satisfactory to Administrative Agent in its sole discretion within sixty (60) days of such date; or 

(xxvii) Guarantor s audited annual financial statements or the notes thereto or other opinions or conclusions stated therein are qualified or limited by reference to the status of Guarantor as a going concern or a reference of similar import, other than a qualification or limitation expressly related to Administrative Agent s, on behalf of Buyers, rights in the Purchased Assets. 

(b) After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Seller shall have no ability to enter into any further Transactions hereunder. If an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing with respect to Seller, the following rights and remedies shall be available to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers: 

(i) At the option of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, exercised by written notice to Seller (which option shall be deemed to have been exercised, even if no notice is given, immediately upon the occurrence of an Act of Insolvency with respect to Seller, Pledgor or Guarantor), the Repurchase Date for each Transaction hereunder shall, if it has not already occurred, be deemed immediately to occur (the date on which such option is exercised or deemed to have been exercised being referred to hereinafter as the Accelerated Repurchase Date ). 

(ii) If Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, exercises or is deemed to have exercised the option referred to in Article 13(b)(i) of this Agreement: 

(A) Seller s obligations hereunder to repurchase all Purchased Assets shall become immediately due and payable on and as of the Accelerated Repurchase Date without presentment or demand of any kind, which are hereby expressly waived, and all Income (including, without limitation, any Principal Payments or any other amounts received, without regard to their source) deposited in the Depository Account shall be retained by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and applied in accordance with Article 5(d) ; 

(B) to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Repurchase Price with respect to each Transaction (determined as of the Accelerated Repurchase Date) shall be increased by the aggregate amount obtained by daily application of, on a 360-day-per- year basis for the actual number of days during the period from and including the Accelerated Repurchase Date to but excluding the date of payment of the Repurchase Price (as so increased), (x) the Pricing Rate for such Transaction multiplied by (y) the 

83 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Purchase Price for such Transaction (decreased by (I) any amounts actually remitted to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, by the Depository or Seller from time to time pursuant to Article 5 of this Agreement and applied to such Repurchase Price, and (II) any amounts applied to the Repurchase Price pursuant to Article 13(b)(iii) of this Agreement); and 
 
 (C) Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, may terminate this Agreement. 

(iii) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default with respect to Seller, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, may (A) immediately sell, at a public or private sale in a commercially reasonable manner and at such price or prices as Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, may deem satisfactory any or all of the Purchased Assets, and/or (B) in its sole discretion elect, in lieu of selling all or a portion of such Purchased Assets, to give Seller credit for such Purchased Assets in an amount equal to the Market Value of such Purchased Assets against the aggregate unpaid Repurchase Price for such Purchased Assets and any other amounts owing by Seller under the Transaction Documents. The proceeds of any disposition of Purchased Assets effected pursuant to this Article 13(b)(iii) shall be applied, (v) first , to the costs and expenses incurred by Administrative Agent and/or behalf of Buyers, in connection with Seller s default, including without limitation, all costs of collection associated with the interpretation and enforcement of Administrative Agent s and Buyers rights and remedies under this Agreement and all of the other Transaction Documents; (w) second , to actual, out-of-pocket damages incurred by Administrative Agent and/or Buyers, in connection with Seller s default, (x) third , to the Repurchase Price; (y) fourth , to any Breakage Costs; and (z) fifth , to return any excess to Seller. 

(iv) The parties recognize that it may not be possible to purchase or sell all of the Purchased Assets on a particular Business Day, or in a transaction with the same purchaser, or in the same manner because the market for such Purchased Assets may not be liquid. In view of the nature of the Purchased Assets, the parties agree that liquidation of a Transaction or the Purchased Assets does not require a public purchase or sale and that a good faith private purchase or sale shall be deemed to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner. Accordingly, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, may elect, in its sole discretion, the time and manner of liquidating any Purchased Assets, and nothing contained herein shall (A) obligate Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to liquidate any Purchased Assets on the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or to liquidate all of the Purchased Assets in the same manner or on the same Business Day or (B) constitute a waiver of any right or remedy of Administrative Agent or Buyers. 

(v) Seller shall be liable to Administrative Agent and Buyers and its Affiliates and shall indemnify Administrative Agent and Buyers and its Affiliates for the amount (including in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement) of all out-of-pocket losses, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees and expenses of outside counsel, actually incurred by Administrative Agent and/or Buyers in connection with or as a consequence of an Event of Default. 

(vi) Administrative Agent and Buyers shall have, in addition to its rights and remedies under the Transaction Documents, all of the rights and remedies provided by applicable federal, state, foreign (where relevant), and local laws (including, without limitation, if the Transactions are recharacterized as secured financings, the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC of the State of New York, to the extent that the UCC is applicable, and the right to 

84 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 offset any mutual debt and claim), in equity, and under any other agreement between any Buyer and Seller or among Administrative Agent, Buyers and Seller. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Administrative Agent and/or Buyers shall be entitled to set off the proceeds of the liquidation of the Purchased Assets against all of Seller s obligations to Administrative Agent or Buyers under this Agreement, without prejudice to Administrative Agent s and/or Buyers right to recover any deficiency. 
 
 (vii) Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, may exercise any or all of the remedies available to Administrative Agent or Buyers, immediately upon the occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to Seller and at any time during the continuance thereof. All rights and remedies arising under the Transaction Documents, as amended from time to time, are cumulative and not exclusive of any other rights or remedies that Administrative Agent or Buyers may have. 

(viii) Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, may enforce its rights and remedies hereunder without prior judicial process or hearing, and Seller hereby expressly waives any defenses Seller might otherwise have to require Administrative Agent or Buyers to enforce its rights by judicial process. Seller also waives, to the extent permitted by law, any defense Seller might otherwise have arising from the use of non-judicial process, disposition of any or all of the Purchased Assets, or from any other election of remedies. Seller recognizes that non-judicial remedies are consistent with the usages of the trade, are responsive to commercial necessity and are the result of a bargain at arm s length. 

ARTICLE 14. 
 INCREASED COSTS; TAXES 
 
 (a) Effect of Benchmark Transition Event . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document: 

(i) If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Pricing Rate Determination Date for any Pricing Rate Period, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any Transaction Document in respect of such determination and all determinations on all subsequent dates, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement. 

(ii) In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of Seller. 

(iii) During any Benchmark Interim Unavailability Period, the component of the Price Differential based on (x) the then-current Benchmark shall be replaced by the Prime Rate and (y) the then-current Applicable Spread shall be replaced by the Prime Rate Applicable Spread. 

(iv) Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, will promptly notify Seller of (i) the Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, and/or (iv) any Benchmark Interim Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, pursuant to this Article 14(a) , including any 

85 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its sole discretion and without consent from Seller. 
 
 (v) If any Benchmark Replacement of a Transaction occurs on a day that is not the last day of the then-current Pricing Rate Period with respect to such Transaction, Seller shall pay to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, such amounts, if any, as may be required pursuant to Article 14(f) of this Agreement. 

(b) Illegality . Notwithstanding any other provision herein, if the adoption of or any change in any Requirement of Law or in the interpretation or application thereof shall make it unlawful for Administrative Agent or any Buyer to enter into or maintain Transactions as contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the commitment of Administrative Agent or any Buyer hereunder to enter into new Transactions or, if such adoption of or change in Requirement of Law makes it unlawful for Administrative Agent or any Buyer to continue to maintain Transactions as contemplated by this Agreement, to continue Transactions as such shall forthwith be canceled. 

(c) Increased Costs . If the adoption of or any change in any Requirement of Law or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or compliance by Administrative Agent or any Buyer with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over Administrative Agent or any Buyer made subsequent to the date hereof: 

(i) shall subject Administrative Agent or any Buyer or any Transferee to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligation, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; 

(ii) shall impose, modify or hold applicable any Reserve Requirements, other reserves, special deposit, compulsory loan or similar requirement against assets held by, deposits or other liabilities in or for the account of, advances, loans or other extensions of credit by, or any other acquisition of funds by, any office of Administrative Agent or a Buyer that is not otherwise included in the determination of the Benchmark hereunder; or 

(iii) shall impose on Administrative Agent or any Buyer any other condition; 

and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to Administrative Agent or any Buyer, by an amount that Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, deems, in the exercise of its reasonable business judgment, to be material, of entering into, continuing or maintaining Transactions or to reduce any amount receivable under the Transaction Documents in respect thereof; then, in any such case, Seller shall promptly pay Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, upon its demand, any additional amounts necessary to compensate Administrative Agent and/or such Buyer for such increased cost or reduced amount receivable; provided , however , that any such determination by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and imposition of such increased costs shall be applied to all sellers under similar repurchase facilities with Administrative Agent. Such notification as to the calculation of any additional amounts payable pursuant to this subsection shall be submitted by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to Seller and shall be prima facie evidence of such additional amounts. This covenant shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the repurchase by Seller of any or all of the Purchased Assets. 

86 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (d) Capital Adequacy . If Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall have determined that the adoption of or any change in any Requirement of Law regarding capital adequacy or in the interpretation or application thereof or compliance by Administrative Agent or any Buyer or any corporation controlling Administrative Agent or such Buyer with any request or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority made subsequent to the date hereof does or shall have the effect of reducing the rate of return on Administrative Agent s or such Buyer s or such corporation s capital as a consequence of its obligations hereunder to a level below that which Administrative Agent s or such Buyer s or such corporation could have achieved but for such adoption, change or compliance (taking into consideration Administrative Agent s or such Buyer s or such corporation s policies with respect to capital adequacy) by an amount deemed by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to be material, then from time to time, after submission by Administrative Agent to Seller of a written request therefor, Seller shall pay to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate Administrative Agent or such Buyer for such reduction; provided , however , that any such determination by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and imposition of such increased costs shall be applied to all sellers under similar repurchase facilities with Administrative Agent. Such notification as to the calculation of any additional amounts payable pursuant to this subsection shall be submitted by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to Seller and shall be prima facie evidence of such additional amounts. This covenant shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the repurchase by Seller of any or all of the Purchased Assets. 

(e) Dodd-Frank; Basel III . Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all rules, regulations, guidelines or directives promulgated in connection therewith or in implementation thereof, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or by United States or foreign regulatory authorities pursuant to Basel III, in each case are deemed to be an adoption of or change in a Requirement of Law made subsequent to the date of this Agreement, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 

(f) Breakage Costs . If Seller repurchases Purchased Assets on a day other than the last day of a Pricing Rate Period, Seller shall indemnify Administrative Agent and Buyers and hold Administrative Agent and Buyers harmless from any actual out-of-pocket losses, costs and/or expenses which Administrative Agent or any Buyer sustains as a direct consequence thereof Breakage Costs ), in each case for the remainder of the applicable Pricing Rate Period. Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall deliver to Seller a statement setting forth the amount and basis of determination of any Breakage Costs in reasonable detail, it being agreed that such statement and the method of its calculation shall be conclusive and binding upon Seller absent manifest error. This Article 14(f) shall survive termination of this Agreement and the repurchase of all Purchased Assets subject to Transactions hereunder. 

(g) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of Seller under this Agreement or any Transaction Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law (including FATCA). If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of Seller) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by Seller, then Seller shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by Seller shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Article 14 each applicable 

87 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Buyer or Transferee receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 
 (h) Payment of Other Taxes by Seller . Seller shall timely pay, without duplication, (i) any Other Taxes imposed on such Seller to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, and (ii) any Other Taxes imposed on Administrative Agent or any Buyer or Transferee upon written notice from such Person setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of such Other Taxes. 

(i) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by Seller to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Article 14 , Seller shall deliver to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, or Transferee the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent or Transferee. 

(j) Indemnification by Seller . Seller shall indemnify each Recipient and each Transferee, within ten (10) calendar days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Article 14 payable or paid by each Recipient or such Transferee or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient or Transferee and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to Seller by a Buyer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Buyer, or such Transferee shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(k) Status of Buyers and Assignees . Any Buyer or Assignee that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Transaction Document shall deliver to Seller, at the time or times reasonably requested by Seller, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by Seller as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, each Buyer or Assignee, if reasonably requested by Seller, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by Seller as will enable Seller to determine whether or not such Buyer or Assignee is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Articles 14(k)(A) , (B) and (D below) shall not be required if in any Buyer s or Assignee s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Buyer or such Assignee to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Buyer or such Assignee. 

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing: 
 
 (A) A Buyer or any Transferee that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to Seller and Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Buyer or such Assignee acquires an interest under any Transaction Document (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Seller), executed originals of IRS Form W 9 certifying that such Buyer or Assignee is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 

(B) any Foreign Buyer shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Seller (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Buyer acquires an interest under this Agreement 

88 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Seller), whichever of the following is applicable: 
 
 (1) in the case of a Foreign Buyer claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under this Agreement, executed originals of IRS Form W 8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under this Agreement, IRS Form W- 8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, 

U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 
 
 (2) executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI; 

(3) in the case of a Foreign Buyer claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit VIII to the effect that such Foreign Buyer is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of Seller within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and 

(y) executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E; or 
 
 (4) to the extent a Foreign Buyer is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit VIII-B or Exhibit VIII-C , IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Buyer is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Buyer are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Buyer may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit VIII-D on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

(C) any Foreign Buyer shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Seller (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Buyer acquires an interest under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Seller), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit Seller to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 

(D) if a payment made to any Buyer or Transferee under any Transaction Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Buyer or Transferee were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Buyer or Transferee shall deliver to Seller at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by Seller such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 

89 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by Seller as may be necessary for Seller to comply with its obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Buyer or Transferee has complied with such Buyer s or Transferee's obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FACTA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 
 Each Buyer and each Assignee agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification, provide such successor form or promptly notify Seller in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 
 (l) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Article 14(l) (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Article 14(l) ), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Article 14(l) with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out of pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this Article 14(l) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 14(l) , in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this Article 14(l) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

(m) Assignment of Certain Rights . If Administrative Agent, any Buyer or Assignee requests compensation under this Article 14 or, if Seller is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to Administrative Agent, any Buyer or any Assignee or any Governmental Authority for the account of Administrative Agent, any Buyer or Assignee pursuant to Article 14(d) , or if Administrative Agent, any Buyer or Assignee defaults in its obligations under this Agreement, then Seller may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to Administrative Agent, such Buyer or Assignee, require Administrative Agent, such Buyer or Assignee to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Article 18 ), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Article 3(g) or Article 14(c) and obligations under this Agreement and the related Transaction Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Buyer, if such Buyer accepts such assignment); provided that (i) Administrative Agent, on behalf of such Buyer, shall have received payment of an amount equal to the Repurchase Price for all Transactions, Price Differential accreted with respect thereto, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding Repurchase Price principal and accreted Price Differential and fees) or Seller (in the case of all other amounts) and (ii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Article 14(c) or payments required to be made pursuant to Article 3(g) , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Buyer or Assignee shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Buyer or Assignee or otherwise, the circumstances entitling Seller to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 

90 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (n) Survival of Obligations . Each party s obligations under this Article 14 shall survive any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, Administrative Agent, any Buyer or Assignee, the termination of the Agreement and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under this Agreement. 

ARTICLE 15. 
 SINGLE AGREEMENT 
 
 Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and Seller acknowledge that, and have entered hereinto and will enter into each Transaction hereunder in consideration of, and in reliance upon, the fact that, all Transactions hereunder constitute a single business and contractual relationship and have been made in consideration of each other. Accordingly, each of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and Seller agrees (i) to perform all of its obligations in respect of each Transaction hereunder, and that a default in the performance of any such obligations shall constitute a default by it in respect of all Transactions hereunder, (ii) that each of them shall be entitled to set off claims and apply property held by them in respect of any Transaction against obligations owing to them in respect of any other Transactions hereunder and (iii) that payments, deliveries and other transfers made by either of them in respect of any Transaction shall be deemed to have been made in consideration of payments, deliveries and other transfers in respect of any other Transactions hereunder, and the obligations to make any such payments, deliveries and other transfers may be applied against each other and netted. 
 
 ARTICLE 16. 
 RECORDING OF COMMUNICATIONS 
 
 EACH OF ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, BUYERS AND SELLER SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT (BUT NOT THE OBLIGATION) FROM TIME TO TIME TO MAKE OR CAUSE TO BE MADE TAPE RECORDINGS OF COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN ITS EMPLOYEES, IF ANY, AND THOSE OF THE OTHER PARTY WITH RESPECT TO TRANSACTIONS. EACH OF ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, BUYERS AND SELLER HEREBY CONSENTS TO THE ADMISSIBILITY OF SUCH TAPE RECORDINGS IN ANY COURT, ARBITRATION, OR OTHER PROCEEDINGS, AND AGREES THAT A DULY AUTHENTICATED TRANSCRIPT OF SUCH A TAPE RECORDING SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE A WRITING CONCLUSIVELY EVIDENCING THE PARTIES AGREEMENT. 
 
 ARTICLE 17. 
 NOTICES AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS 
 
 Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, all notices, consents, approvals and requests required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing and shall be effective for all purposes if hand delivered or sent by (a) hand delivery, with proof of delivery, (b) certified or registered United States mail, postage prepaid, (c) expedited prepaid delivery service, either commercial or United States Postal Service, with proof of delivery or (d) by telecopier (with answerback acknowledged) provided that such telecopied notice must also be delivered by one of the means set forth above. A notice shall be deemed to have been given: (w) in the case of hand delivery, at the time of delivery, (x) in the case of registered or certified mail, when delivered or the first attempted delivery on a Business Day, (y) in the case of expedited prepaid delivery upon the first attempted delivery on a Business Day or (z) in the case of telecopier, upon receipt of answerback confirmation, provided that such telecopied notice was also delivered as required in this Article 17 . A party receiving a notice that does not comply with the technical requirements for notice under this Article 17 may elect to waive in writing any deficiencies and treat the notice as having been properly given. 

91 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 ARTICLE 18. 
 ENTIRE AGREEMENT; SEVERABILITY 
 
 This Agreement shall supersede any existing agreements between the parties containing general terms and conditions for repurchase transactions. Each provision and agreement herein shall be treated as separate and independent from any other provision or agreement herein and shall be enforceable notwithstanding the unenforceability of any such other provision or agreement. 
 
 ARTICLE 19. 
 NON ASSIGNABILITY 
 
 (a) Subject to Article 19(b) below, Seller may not assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and any attempt by Seller to assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent shall be null and void ab initio . Any Buyer may, without consent of Seller, sell to one or more banks, financial institutions or other entities Participants participating interests in any Transaction, its interest in the Purchased Assets, or any other interest of such Buyer under this Agreement. Any Buyer may, at any time and from time to time, assign to any Person (an Assignee and together with Participants, each a Transferee and collectively, the Transferees all or any part of its rights its interest in the Purchased Assets, or any other interest of such Buyer under this Agreement, provided that, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (x) any such Transferee shall not be a Prohibited Transferee, (y) Seller shall continue to deal solely and directly with Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in connection with Administrative Agent s rights and obligations under the Transaction Documents and (ii) Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall retain sole decision-making authority under the Transaction Documents. Seller shall not be charged for, incur or be required to reimburse Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, or any other Person for any cost or expense relating to any such sale, assignment, transfer or participation. Seller agrees to cooperate with Administrative Agent in connection with any such assignment, transfer or sale of participating interest and to enter into such restatements of, and amendments, supplements and other modifications to, this Agreement and all other Transaction Documents in order to give effect to such assignment, transfer or sale, all at no expense to Seller; provided , that any such amendments will not materially increase Seller s obligations hereunder or materially adversely affect Seller s rights hereunder. 

(b) Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of Seller, shall maintain, at its offices at the address set forth on Annex I attached hereto (including electronically), a copy of each assignment and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Assignees, and ownership rights in the Transactions, Purchased Assets or in any other interests under this Agreement (as the same may be modified by any Co-Buyer Agreement) of any Assignee pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and Seller, Administrative Agent, Buyers and the Assignees shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as the beneficial owner of the interests in the Transactions, Purchased Assets or in any other interests under this Agreement for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by Seller, Administrative Agent, Buyers and any Assignee, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice during normal banking business hours. 

(c) If any Buyer sells a participation Administrative Agent shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of Seller, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the ownership rights in the Transactions, Purchased Assets or any other interests under this Agreement of each Participant (the Participant Register ); provided that Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of 

92 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 any Participant or any information relating to a Participant's ownership rights in the Transactions, Purchased Assets or any other interests under this Agreement) to any Person except to the extent (i) disclosing the portion of the Participant Register relating to a Participant with respect to which a claim for additional amounts is made under Articles 14(a) , 14(b) , 14(c) , 14(d) or 14(f) , or (ii) otherwise to the extent such disclosure is reasonably expected to be necessary to establish that such ownership rights in the Transactions or any other interests under this Agreement are in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and Administrative Agent shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, no sale, assignment, transfer or participation pursuant to this Article 19 shall be effective unless and until reflected in the Register or Participant Register, as applicable. 
 
 (d) Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or prohibit any Buyer from pledging any of its Purchased Assets hereunder to a Federal Reserve Bank in support of borrowings made by such Buyer from such Federal Reserve Bank; provided , however , no such pledge shall release a Buyer from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee for such Buyer as a party hereto. 

ARTICLE 20. 
 GOVERNING LAW 
 
 THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT, AND/OR THE INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS AND DECISIONS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CHOICE OF LAW RULES THEREOF. THE PARTIES HERETO INTEND THAT THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SHALL APPLY TO THIS AGREEMENT. 
 
 ARTICLE 21. 
 NO WAIVERS, ETC. 
 
 No express or implied waiver of any Event of Default by either party shall constitute a waiver of any other Event of Default and no exercise of any remedy hereunder by any party shall constitute a waiver of its right to exercise any other remedy hereunder. No modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement and no consent by any party to a departure here from shall be effective unless and until such shall be in writing and duly executed by both of the parties hereto. Without limitation of any of the foregoing, the failure to give a notice pursuant to Articles 4(a) or 4(b) hereof will not constitute a waiver of any right to do so at a later date. 
 
 ARTICLE 22. 
 USE OF EMPLOYEE PLAN ASSETS 
 
 (a) If assets of an employee benefit plan subject to any provision of ERISA are intended to be used by either party hereto (the Plan Party in a Transaction, the Plan Party shall so notify the other party prior to the Transaction. The Plan Party shall represent in writing to the other party that the Transaction does not constitute a prohibited transaction under ERISA or is otherwise exempt therefrom, and the other party may proceed in reliance thereon but shall not be required so to proceed. 

93 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (b) Subject to the last sentence of subparagraph (a) of this Article 22 , any such Transaction shall proceed only if Seller furnishes or has furnished to Administrative Agent its most recent available audited statement of its financial condition and its most recent subsequent unaudited statement of its financial condition. 

(c) By entering into a Transaction, pursuant to this Article 22 , Seller shall be deemed (i) to represent to Administrative Agent and Buyers that since the date of Seller s latest such financial statements, there has been no material adverse change in Seller s financial condition that Seller has not disclosed to Administrative Agent, and (ii) to agree to provide Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, with future audited and unaudited statements of its financial condition as they are issued, so long as it is Seller in any outstanding Transaction involving a Plan Party. 

ARTICLE 23. 
 INTENT 
 
 (a) The parties intend and recognize that each Transaction is a repurchase agreement as that term is defined in Section 101(47) of the Bankruptcy Code (except insofar as the type of Assets subject to such Transaction or the term of such Transaction would render such definition inapplicable), and a securities contract as that term is defined in Section 741 of the Bankruptcy Code (except insofar as the type of assets subject to such Transaction would render such definition inapplicable). The parties intend (i) for each Transaction to qualify for the safe harbor treatment provided by the Bankruptcy Code and for Administrative Agent and each Buyer to be entitled to all of the rights, benefits and protections afforded to Persons under the Bankruptcy Code with respect to a repurchase agreement as defined in Section 101(47) of the Bankruptcy Code and a securities contract as defined in Section 741(7) of the Bankruptcy Code and that payments under this Agreement are deemed margin payments or settlement payments, as defined in Section 101 of the Bankruptcy Code, (ii) for the grant of a security interest set forth in Article 6 to also be a securities contract as defined in Section 741(7)(A)(xi) of the Bankruptcy Code and a repurchase agreement as that term is defined in Section 101(47)(A)(v) of the Bankruptcy Code, and (iii) that Administrative Agent and each Buyer (for so long as each party is either a financial institution, financial participant, repo participant, master netting participant or other entity listed in Sections 546, 555, 559, 561, 362(b)(6) or 362(b)(7) of the Bankruptcy Code) shall be entitled to the safe harbor benefits and protections afforded under the Bankruptcy Code with respect to a repurchase agreement and a securities contract, and a master netting agreement including (x) the rights, set forth in Article 13 and in Section 555, 559 and 561 of the Bankruptcy Code, to liquidate the Purchased Assets and terminate this Agreement, and (y) the right to offset or net out as set forth in Article 13 and in Sections 362(b)(6), 362(b)(7), 362(o) and 546 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

(b) It is understood that either party s right to accelerate or terminate this Agreement or to liquidate Assets delivered to it in connection with the Transactions hereunder or to exercise any other remedies pursuant to Article 13 hereof is a contractual right to accelerate or terminate this Agreement or to liquidate Assets as described in Sections 555 and 559 of the Bankruptcy Code. It is further understood and agreed that either party s right to cause the termination, liquidation or acceleration of, or to offset net termination values, payment amounts or other transfer obligations arising under or in connection with this Agreement or the Transactions hereunder is a contractual right to cause the termination, liquidation or acceleration of, or to offset net termination values, payment amounts or other transfer obligations arising under or in connection with this Agreement as described in Section 561 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

(c) The parties agree and acknowledge that if a party hereto is an insured depository institution , as such term is defined in the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as amended FDIA ), then each Transaction hereunder is a qualified financial contract , as that term is defined in the FDIA and 

94 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 any rules, orders or policy statements thereunder (except insofar as the type of assets subject to such Transaction would render such definition inapplicable). 
 
 (d) Each party hereto further agrees that it shall not challenge the characterization of this Agreement or any Transaction as a repurchase agreement, securities contract, and/or master netting agreement, or each party as a repo participant within the meaning of the Bankruptcy Code except in so far as the type of Purchased Assets subject to the Transactions or, in the case of a repurchase agreement, the term of the Transactions, would render such definition inapplicable. 

(e) It is understood that this Agreement constitutes a netting contract as defined in and subject to Title IV of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 FDICIA and each payment entitlement and payment obligation under any Transaction hereunder shall constitute a covered contractual payment entitlement or covered contractual payment obligation , respectively, as defined in and subject to FDICIA (except insofar as one or both of the parties is not a financial institution as that term is defined in FDICIA). 

(f) It is understood that this Agreement constitutes a master netting agreement as defined in Section 101(38A) of the Bankruptcy Code, and as used in Section 561 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

(g) Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that it is its intent for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes (a) to treat each Transaction as indebtedness of Seller that is secured by the Purchased Assets and (b) that the Purchased Assets are and will continue to be owned by Seller in the absence of an Event of Default by Seller. All parties to this Agreement agree to such treatment and agree to take no action inconsistent with this treatment, unless required by law (in which case the party with knowledge of such requirement shall promptly notify the other party of such requirement). 

(h) The parties agree that the Servicing Rights and other servicing provisions of this Agreement constitute (a) related terms under this Agreement within the meaning of Section 101(47)(A)(i) of the Bankruptcy Code and/or (b) a security agreement or other arrangement or other credit enhancement related to the Transaction Documents. 

ARTICLE 24. 
 DISCLOSURE RELATING TO CERTAIN FEDERAL PROTECTIONS 
 
 The parties acknowledge that they have been advised that: 
 
 (a) in the case of Transactions in which one of the parties is a broker or dealer registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC under Section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Securities Investor Protection Corporation has taken the position that the provisions of the Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970 SIPA do not protect the other party with respect to any Transaction hereunder; 

(b) in the case of Transactions in which one of the parties is a government securities broker or a government securities dealer registered with the SEC under Section 15C of the 1934 Act, SIPA will not provide protection to the other party with respect to any Transaction hereunder; 

(c) in the case of Transactions in which one of the parties is a financial institution, funds held by the financial institution pursuant to a Transaction hereunder are not a deposit and therefore are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund, as applicable; and 

95 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (d) In the case of Transactions in which one of the parties is an insured depository institution , as that term is defined in Section 1813(c)(2) of Title 12 of the United States Code, funds held by the financial institution pursuant to a Transaction are not a deposit and therefore are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Savings Association Insurance Fund or the Bank Insurance Fund, as applicable. 

ARTICLE 25. 
 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; WAIVERS 
 
 (a) PURSUANT TO, AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH, SECTION 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK STATE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW, EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY (I) SUBMITS TO THE NON EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR NEW YORK STATE COURT SITTING IN MANHATTAN, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY SUCH COURT, SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT TO ENFORCE ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND (II) WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY EFFECTIVELY DO SO, ANY DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT AND ANY RIGHT OF JURISDICTION ON ACCOUNT OF ITS PLACE OF RESIDENCE OR DOMICILE. 

(b) TO THE EXTENT THAT EITHER PARTY HAS OR HEREAFTER MAY ACQUIRE ANY IMMUNITY (SOVEREIGN OR OTHERWISE) FROM ANY LEGAL ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING, FROM JURISDICTION OF ANY COURT OR FROM SET OFF OR ANY LEGAL PROCESS (WHETHER SERVICE OR NOTICE, ATTACHMENT PRIOR TO JUDGMENT, ATTACHMENT IN AID OF EXECUTION OF JUDGMENT, EXECUTION OF JUDGMENT OR OTHERWISE) WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ANY OF ITS PROPERTY, SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM SUCH IMMUNITY IN RESPECT OF ANY ACTION BROUGHT TO ENFORCE ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. 

(c) THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT EACH MAY EFFECTIVELY DO SO, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING AND IRREVOCABLY CONSENT TO THE SERVICE OF ANY SUMMONS AND COMPLAINT AND ANY OTHER PROCESS BY THE MAILING OF COPIES OF SUCH PROCESS TO THEM AT THEIR RESPECTIVE ADDRESS SPECIFIED HEREIN. THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS ARTICLE 25 SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF EITHER PARTY TO SERVE LEGAL PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR AFFECT THE RIGHT OF SUCH PARTY TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY OR ITS PROPERTY IN THE COURTS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 

(d) THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OR ANY INSTRUMENT OR DOCUMENT DELIVERED HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER. 

96 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 ARTICLE 26. NO RELIANCE 
 
 Each of Administrative Agent, Buyers and Seller hereby acknowledges, represents and warrants to the other that, in connection with the negotiation of, the entering into, and the performance under, the Transaction Documents and each Transaction thereunder: 
 
 (a) It is not relying (for purposes of making any investment decision or otherwise) upon any advice, counsel or representations (whether written or oral) of the other party to the Transaction Documents, other than the representations expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents; 

(b) It has consulted with its own legal, regulatory, tax, business, investment, financial and accounting advisors to the extent that it has deemed necessary, and it has made its own investment, hedging and trading decisions (including decisions regarding the suitability of any Transaction) based upon its own judgment and upon any advice from such advisors as it has deemed necessary and not upon any view expressed by the other party; 

(c) It is a sophisticated and informed Person that has a full understanding of all the terms, conditions and risks (economic and otherwise) of the Transaction Documents and each Transaction thereunder and is capable of assuming and willing to assume (financially and otherwise) those risks; 

(d) It is entering into the Transaction Documents and each Transaction thereunder for the purposes of managing its borrowings or investments or hedging its assets or liabilities and not for purposes of speculation; and 

(e) It is not acting as a fiduciary or financial, investment or commodity trading advisor for the other party and has not given the other party (directly or indirectly through any other Person) any assurance, guarantee or representation whatsoever as to the merits (either legal, regulatory, tax, business, investment, financial accounting or otherwise) of the Transaction Documents or any Transaction thereunder. 

ARTICLE 27. INDEMNITY 
 
 Seller hereby agrees to indemnify Administrative Agent, each Buyers and each of their respective officers, directors and employees (collectively, Indemnified Parties from and against any and all actual out-of-pocket liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, fees, costs, expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements) or disbursements (all of the foregoing, collectively Indemnified Amounts that may at any time (including, without limitation, such time as this Agreement shall no longer be in effect and the Transactions shall have been repaid in full) be imposed on, incurred and paid by or asserted against any Indemnified Party in any way whatsoever arising out of, or in connection with, or relating to the Transaction Documents including this Agreement or any Transactions hereunder or any action taken or omitted to be taken by any Indemnified Party under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided, that Seller shall not be liable for liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, fees, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of any Indemnified Party. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Seller agrees to hold Administrative Agent and Buyers harmless from and indemnify Administrative Agent and Buyers against all Indemnified Amounts with respect to all Purchased Assets relating to, or arising out of, any violation or alleged violation of any Environmental Law, rule or regulation or any consumer credit laws, including, without limitation, ERISA, the Truth in Lending Act and/or the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act; provided, that Seller 

97 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 shall not be liable for liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, fees, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of any Indemnified Party. In any suit, proceeding or action brought by Administrative Agent and/or Buyers in connection with any Purchased Asset for any sum owing thereunder, or to enforce any provisions of any Purchased Asset, Seller will save, indemnify and hold Administrative Agent and Buyers harmless from and against all actual out-of-pocket expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements), loss or damage suffered by reason of any defense, set off, counterclaim, recoupment or reduction or liability whatsoever of the account debtor or obligor thereunder, arising out of a breach by Seller of any obligation thereunder or arising out of any other agreement, indebtedness or liability at any time owing to or in favor of such account debtor or obligor or its successors from Seller. Seller also agrees to reimburse Administrative Agent, as and when billed by Administrative Agent, for all Administrative Agent s reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with Administrative Agent;s, on behalf of Buyers, due diligence reviews with respect to the Purchased Assets (including, without limitation, those incurred pursuant to Article 28 and Article 3 (including, without limitation, all Pre-Purchase Legal Expenses, even if the underlying prospective Transaction for which they were incurred does not take place for any reason) and the enforcement or the preservation of Administrative Agent s and Buyers rights under this Agreement, any Transaction Documents or Transaction contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of its counsel. Seller hereby acknowledges that the obligation of Seller hereunder is a recourse obligation of Seller. This Article 27 shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent liabilities, obligations, Indemnified Amounts, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, fees, costs or expenses. 
 
 ARTICLE 28. 
 DUE DILIGENCE 
 
 Seller acknowledges that Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, has the right to perform continuing due diligence reviews with respect to the Purchased Assets, for purposes of verifying compliance with the representations, warranties and specifications made hereunder, or otherwise, and Seller agrees that upon reasonable prior notice to Seller, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, or its authorized representatives will be permitted during normal business hours to examine, inspect, and make copies and extracts of, the Purchased Asset Files, Servicing Records and any and all documents, records, agreements, instruments or information relating to such Purchased Assets in the possession or under the control of Seller, Primary Servicer and any other servicer or sub-servicer and/or the Custodian. Seller agrees to reimburse Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, for any and all reasonable out of pocket costs and expenses incurred by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, with respect to continuing due diligence on the Purchased Assets, which shall be paid by Seller to Administrative Agent within thirty 
 (30) calendar days after receipt of an invoice therefor. Seller also shall make available to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, a knowledgeable financial or accounting officer for the purpose of answering questions respecting the Purchased Asset Files and the Purchased Assets. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Seller acknowledges that Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, may enter into Transactions with Seller based solely upon the information provided by Seller to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and the representations, warranties and covenants contained herein, and that Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, at its option, has the right at any time to conduct a partial or complete due diligence review on some or all of the Purchased Assets; provided , that prior to the occurrence and continuance of a Potential Event of Default or an Event of Default, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall not contact any Mortgagor of an Eligible Asset with respect to a proposed Transaction or a Purchased Asset, any related sponsor or other obligor, any related tenant or any other loan party, without Seller s prior consent. Administrative Agent or any Buyer may underwrite such Purchased Assets itself or engage a third party underwriter to perform such underwriting. Seller agrees to cooperate with Administrative Agent, on 

98 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 behalf of Buyers, and any third party underwriter in connection with such underwriting, including, but not limited to, providing Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and any third party underwriter with access to any and all documents, records, agreements, instruments or information relating to such Purchased Assets in the possession, or under the control, of Seller. Upon a written demand therefor by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, to Seller, Seller further agrees that Seller shall promptly (but in no event later than ten (10) Business Days after such a demand) reimburse Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, for any and all attorneys fees, costs and expenses incurred by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in connection with continuing due diligence on Eligible Assets and Purchased Assets. 
 
 ARTICLE 29. SERVICING 
 
 (a) Each servicer of any Purchased Asset (including the Primary Servicer) shall service the Assets for the benefit of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and Administrative Agent s, on behalf of Buyers, successors and assigns. The appointment of each servicer of any Purchased Asset shall be subject to the prior written approval of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, (other than the initial Primary Servicer that has been pre-approved). Seller shall cause each such servicer (including the Primary Servicer) to service the Purchased Assets at Seller s sole cost and for the benefit of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in accordance with Accepted Servicing Practices; provided that, without prior written consent of Administrative Agent in its sole discretion as required by Article 7(d) no servicer (including the Primary Servicer) of any of the Purchased Assets shall take any action with respect to any Purchased Asset described in Article 7(d) other than pursuant to a Revocable Option. 

(b) Seller agrees that Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, is the owner of all servicing records, including, but not limited to, any and all servicing agreements (including, without limitation, the Primary Servicing Agreement or any other servicing agreement relating to the servicing of any or all of the Purchased Assets) (collectively, the Servicing Agreements ), files, documents, records, data bases, computer tapes, copies of computer tapes, proof of insurance coverage, insurance policies, valuations, other closing documentation, payment history records, and any other records relating to or evidencing the servicing of Purchased Assets (the Servicing Records ), so long as the Purchased Assets are subject to this Agreement. Seller covenants to safeguard such Servicing Records and to deliver them promptly to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, or its designee at Administrative Agent s request. 

(c) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, may, in its sole discretion, (i) sell its right to the Purchased Assets on a servicing released basis and/or (ii) terminate Seller (as the servicer), Primary Servicer or any other servicer or sub-servicer of the Purchased Assets with or without cause, in each case without payment of any termination fee. 

(d) Seller shall not employ sub-servicers or any other servicer other than Primary Servicer pursuant to the Primary Servicing Agreement to service the Purchased Assets without the prior written approval of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in Administrative Agent s sole discretion. If the Purchased Assets are serviced by such an Administrative Agent approved sub-servicer or any other servicer, Seller shall, irrevocably assign all rights, title and interest (if any) in the servicing agreements in the Purchased Assets to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers. Seller shall cause all servicers and sub-servicers engaged by Seller to execute a direct agreement with Administrative Agent acknowledging Administrative Agent s, on behalf of Buyers, security interest and agreeing that each servicer and/or sub- servicer shall transfer all Income with respect to the Purchased Assets in accordance with the applicable Servicing Agreement and so long as any Purchased Asset is owned by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, hereunder, following notice from Administrative Agent to Seller and each such servicer of an Event of Default under this Agreement, each such servicer (including Primary Servicer) or sub-servicer 

99 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

100 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 shall take no action with regard to such Purchased Asset other than as specifically directed by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers. 
 
 (e) The payment of servicing fees shall be subordinate to payment of amounts outstanding under any Transaction and this Agreement. 

(f) For the avoidance of doubt, Seller retains no economic rights to the servicing, other than Seller s rights under the Primary Servicing Agreement or any other servicing agreement related to the Purchased Assets. As such, Seller expressly acknowledges that the Purchased Assets are sold to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, on a servicing released basis with such servicing retained by the Servicer. 

ARTICLE 30. 
 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 (a) Assignment to Administrative Agent . GSBUSA, as Buyer under the Original Master Repurchase Agreement, hereby assigns all of its rights, title and interest in and to the Purchased Items, Servicing Rights and all other collateral described in Section 6 thereunder to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers. 

(b) Agent for Buyers . 

(i) Each of Seller and each Buyer hereby acknowledges and agrees that Administrative Agent has been appointed the Administrative Agent for the Transactions, and each Buyer hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs Administrative Agent to act as agent for and in the best interest of Buyers and to take such actions as Buyers are obligated or entitled to take under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and to exercise such powers as are set forth herein or therein, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. This Agreement is not intended to be, and shall not be construed to be, the formation of a partnership or joint venture between Administrative Agent and any Buyer. In performing its functions and duties under the Transaction Documents, Administrative Agent shall act solely as agent of Buyers and does not assume, and shall not be deemed to have assumed, any obligations toward or relationship of agency or trust with or for Seller. 

(ii) The agency created pursuant hereto shall in no way impair or affect any of the rights and powers of, or impose any additional duties or obligations upon, any Buyer that becomes Administrative Agent in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement in its individual capacity as a Buyer. With respect to its interest in the Transactions, except as specifically provided in this Agreement, Administrative Agent shall have the same rights and powers hereunder as a Buyer and may exercise the same as though it were not performing the duties and functions delegated to it, as Administrative Agent, hereunder. The term Buyers or Buyer or any similar term shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include any Buyer that becomes Administrative Agent in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement in its individual capacity as a Buyer and not as Administrative Agent. Administrative Agent, Buyers and each of their respective Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory or other business with Seller or any of its Affiliates (in each case not related to the Transactions) as if it were not performing its duties as Administrative Agent or Buyer (as applicable) specified herein, and may accept fees and other consideration from Seller or its Affiliates for services in connection therewith and otherwise without having to account for the same to Administrative Agent or the other Buyers, as applicable. 

101 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (iii) In furtherance of the authorizations set forth in this Article 30 , each Buyer hereby irrevocably appoints Administrative Agent as its attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution, for and on behalf of and in the name of each such Buyer (i) to enter into Transaction Documents and any amendments or modifications thereof, (ii) to take action with respect to the Transactions and Transaction Documents to create, perfect, maintain, and preserve Administrative Agent s, on behalf Buyers, Liens therein, (iii) to take action with respect to the Transactions and the Transaction Documents to transfer the Purchased Assets to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and (iv) to execute instruments of release and terminations or to take other action necessary to release liens upon any Purchased Asset. This power of attorney shall be liberally, not restrictively, construed so as to give the greatest latitude to Administrative Agent s power, as attorney, under this Agreement and the Transaction Documents. The powers and authorities herein conferred on Administrative Agent may be exercised by Administrative Agent through any Person who, at the time of the execution of a particular instrument, is an officer of Administrative Agent (or any Person acting on behalf of Administrative Agent pursuant to a valid power of attorney). The power of attorney conferred by this Article 30(b)(iii) to Administrative Agent is granted for valuable consideration and is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable so long as the Transaction Documents remain in effect. 

(iv) Each Buyer acknowledges and agrees that so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Co-Buyer Agreement, Seller shall be entitled to deal with Administrative Agent as the exclusive representative of Buyers on all matters relating to the Transactions, this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents, and, subject to the terms hereof and the terms of the Co-Buyer Agreement, each Buyer shall be bound by the acts of Administrative Agent with respect to the Transactions. 

(c) Administrative Agent Standard of Care . Administrative Agent shall administer and service its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and shall make such decisions and take such actions as it shall in its reasonable judgment deem necessary, desirable or appropriate in connection therewith. 

(d) Return of Certain Payments . 

(i) If Administrative Agent notifies any Buyer or other recipient that Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Buyer or other recipient from Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such recipient (whether or not known to such recipient) (any such funds, whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of any Repurchase Price, Price Differential, Principal Payment, fees or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and any such recipient, an Unintended Recipient and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Unintended Recipient shall promptly, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days thereafter, return to Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in immediately available funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Unintended Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at the Federal Funds Rate. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each party hereto shall not assert any right or claim to the Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payments received, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar 

102 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 doctrine. A notice of Administrative Agent to any Unintended Recipient under this Section 30(d)(i) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 
 (ii) Without limiting the immediately preceding Section 30(d)(i) , each Buyer further agrees that if it receives funds from Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (A) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment or calculation statement sent by Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such funds (a Payment Notice ), (B) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, or 

(C) that such Unintended Recipient otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) or such funds are otherwise inconsistent with such recipient s expectations, then in each case, an error shall be presumed to have been made and such funds shall be presumed to be an Erroneous Payment and such Buyer shall be deemed to be an Unintended Recipient absent written confirmation from Administrative Agent to the contrary. To the extent permitted by applicable law, such Unintended Recipient shall not assert any right or claim to the Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payments received, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. Each Buyer agrees that, in each such case, it shall promptly (and, in all events, within one (1) Business Day of its knowledge (or deemed knowledge) of such error) notify Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in all events no later than one (1) Business Day thereafter, return to Administrative Agent the amount of any such funds (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Unintended Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 
 (iii) Each Buyer hereby authorizes Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Buyer under any Transaction Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by Administrative Agent to such Buyer from any source, against any amount due to Administrative Agent under any of the immediately preceding Sections 30(d)(i)- (ii) . 

(iv) Administrative Agent and each Buyer hereby agree that (x) in the event an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Unintended Recipient that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, then Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Unintended Recipient with respect to such amount and (y) an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any obligations owed by Seller, Pledgor, Guarantor or any other party to the Transaction Documents. 

(e) Ratable Share . The liabilities of each Buyer under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents shall be several and not joint, no Buyer shall be responsible for the obligations of any other Buyer, and each Buyer shall be liable to Seller only for its respective pro rata share of the Transactions. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties hereto agree that each Buyer shall be solely responsible for the funding of its pro rata portion of any Transaction, advance or any other amounts required pursuant to the terms of the Co-Buyer Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, all indemnities by Seller and obligations for costs, expenses, damages or advances set forth herein shall run to and benefit each Buyer in accordance with its share of the Transactions. 

103 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (f) Co-Buyer Agreement . Seller hereby acknowledges and agrees that Buyers and Administrative Agent may at any time and from time to time enter into one or more Co-Buyer Agreements governing the relationship among the parties thereto. Seller acknowledges and agrees that Administrative Agent s discretion under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents shall be subject to the limitations in any such Co-Buyer Agreements, including the requirement that Administrative Agent obtain approval of Buyers prior to granting certain consents or approvals or taking certain actions under this Agreement and under the other Transaction Documents. Any Co-Buyer Agreements are intended and will be solely for the benefit of Administrative Agent and the applicable parties thereto, and Seller acknowledges and agrees that neither Seller, Guarantor nor any Affiliate of Seller or Guarantor shall be a third-party beneficiary (intended or otherwise) of any of the provisions therein, or have any rights thereunder or be entitled to rely on any of the provisions contained therein. Neither Administrative Agent nor Buyers shall have any obligation to provide a copy of any Co-Buyer Agreement to Seller, Guarantor or any Affiliate of Seller or Guarantor or to disclose to Seller, Guarantor or any Affiliate of Seller or Guarantor the contents of any Co-Buyer Agreement. Administrative Agent and Buyers acknowledge and agree that neither Seller, Guarantor nor any Affiliate of Seller or Guarantor shall have any liabilities, obligations or duties of any kind with respect to any Co-Buyer Agreement, nor any of the provisions contained therein. The obligations of Seller, Guarantor and Pledgor under the Transaction Documents are and will be independent of any Co-Buyer Agreement and shall remain unmodified by the provisions thereof (although Seller acknowledges that with respect to certain approvals, calculations and other decisions hereunder and subject to the Fee Letter, any Co-Buyer Agreement may require Administrative Agent to consult with or receive the approval of Buyers prior to providing its own approval or determination regarding the same). 

(g) Successor Administrative Agents . Administrative Agent may resign as Administrative Agent under the Transaction Documents upon notice to Buyers and Seller. If Administrative Agent shall resign, then Buyers shall appoint a successor Administrative Agent; provided that such successor Administrative Agent meets the applicable know your customer requirements of the Servicer and Custodian. The term Administrative Agent shall mean each such successor Administrative Agent, effective upon its appointment, and the former Administrative Agent s rights, powers and duties as Administrative Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Administrative Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents or successors thereto. After any retiring Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent, the provisions of the Transaction Documents shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was an Administrative Agent under the Transaction Documents. In no event shall there be more than one Administrative Agent hereunder. 

ARTICLE 31. 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 (a) All rights, remedies and powers of Administrative Agent and each Buyer hereunder and in connection herewith are irrevocable and cumulative, and not alternative or exclusive, and shall be in addition to all other rights, remedies and powers of Administrative Agent and each Buyer whether under law, equity or agreement. In addition to the rights and remedies granted to it in this Agreement, to the extent this Agreement is determined to create a security interest, Administrative Agent and each Buyer, shall have all rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC. 

(b) This Agreement and the Transaction Documents may be executed in counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all of such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. This Agreement and the Transaction Documents may be delivered by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail, or by other electronic transmission, in portable 

104 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 document format (.pdf) or otherwise, and each such executed facsimile, .pdf, or other electronic record shall be considered an original executed counterpart for purposes of this Agreement and any Transaction Document. Each party to this Agreement (a) agrees that it will be bound by its own Electronic Signature (as such term is defined immediately below), (b) accepts the Electronic Signature of each other party to this Agreement and any Transaction Document, and (c) agrees that such Electronic Signatures shall be the legal equivalent of manual signatures. The term Electronic Signature means (i) the signing party s manual signature on a signature page, converted by the signing party (or its agent) to facsimile or digital form (such as a .pdf file) and received from the customary email address or customary facsimile number of the signing party (or its counsel or representative), or other mutually agreed-upon authenticated source; or (ii) the signing party s digital signature executed using a mutually agreed-upon digital signature service provider and digital signature process. The words execution, executed , signed, signature, and words of like import in this paragraph shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be deemed to include Electronic Signatures and the use and keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as manually executed signatures and the use of paper records and paper- based recordkeeping systems, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, or any other state law. 
 
 (c) The headings in the Transaction Documents are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation or construction of the Transaction Documents. 

(d) Without limiting the rights and remedies of Administrative Agent or any Buyer under the Transaction Documents, Seller shall pay Administrative Agent s or any Buyer s reasonable actual out-of- pocket costs and expenses, including reasonable fees and expenses of accountants, attorneys and advisors, incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, consummation and administration of, and any amendment, supplement or modification to, the Transaction Documents and the Transactions thereunder, whether or not such Transaction Document (or amendment thereto) or Transaction is ultimately consummated. Seller agrees to pay Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, promptly on demand (but in no event later than ten (10) Business Days after such a demand) all costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable expenses for legal services of every kind) of any subsequent enforcement of any of the provisions hereof, or of the performance by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, of any obligations of Seller in respect of the Purchased Assets, or any actual or attempted sale, or any exchange, enforcement, collection, compromise or settlement in respect of any of the Purchased Items and for the custody, care or preservation of the Purchased Items (including insurance costs) and defending or asserting rights and claims of Administrative Agent and/or Buyers, in respect thereof, by litigation or otherwise. In addition, Seller agrees to pay Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, on demand all reasonable costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable expenses for legal services of every kind) incurred in connection with the maintenance of the Depository Account and registering the Purchased Items in the name of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, or its nominee. All such expenses shall be recourse obligations of Seller to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, under this Agreement. 

(e) In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under applicable law or otherwise, and not by way of limitation of such rights, Seller hereby grants to Administrative Agent, Buyers and their respective Affiliates, a right of offset, to secure repayment of all amounts owing to Administrative Agent, Buyers or their respective Affiliates by Seller under the Transaction Documents, upon any and all monies, securities, collateral or other property of Seller and the proceeds therefrom, now or hereafter held or received by Administrative Agent, Buyers or their respective Affiliates or any entity under the control of Administrative Agent, Buyers, or their respective Affiliates and its respective successors and assigns (including, without limitation, branches and agencies of Administrative Agent, wherever located), for the account of Seller, whether for safekeeping, custody, pledge, transmission, collection, or otherwise, and 

105 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 also upon any and all deposits (general or specified) and credits of Seller at any time existing. Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and its Affiliates are hereby authorized at any time and from time to time upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, without notice to Seller, any such notice being expressly waived, to offset, appropriate, apply and enforce such right of offset against any and all items hereinabove referred to against any amounts owing to Administrative Agent, Buyers or their respective Affiliates by Seller under the Transaction Documents, irrespective of whether Administrative Agent, Buyers or their respective Affiliates shall have made any demand hereunder and although such amounts, or any of them, shall be contingent or unmatured and regardless of any other collateral securing such amounts. Seller shall be deemed directly indebted to Administrative Agent, Buyers or their respective Affiliates in the full amount of all amounts owing to Administrative Agent, Buyers or their respective Affiliates by Seller under the Transaction Documents, and Administrative Agent, Buyers or their respective and its Affiliates shall be entitled to exercise the rights of offset provided for above. ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO REQUIRE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, BUYERS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES TO EXERCISE THEIR RIGHTS OR REMEDIES WITH RESPECT TO ANY OTHER COLLATERAL OR PURCHASED ITEMS THAT SECURE THE AMOUNTS OWING TO ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, BUYERS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES BY SELLER UNDER THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, PRIOR TO EXERCISING THEIR RIGHT OF OFFSET WITH RESPECT TO SUCH MONIES, SECURITIES, COLLATERAL, DEPOSITS, CREDITS OR OTHER PROPERTY OF SELLER ARE HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVED BY SELLER. 
 
 (f) Intentionally Omitted. 

(g) Each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement shall be prohibited by or be invalid under such law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 

(h) This Agreement contains a final and complete integration of all prior expressions by the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and shall constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect to such subject matter, superseding all prior oral or written understandings. 

(i) The parties understand that this Agreement is a legally binding agreement that may affect such party s rights. Each party represents to the other that it has received legal advice from counsel of its choice regarding the meaning and legal significance of this Agreement and that it is satisfied with its legal counsel and the advice received from it. 

(j) Should any provision of this Agreement require judicial interpretation, it is agreed that a court interpreting or construing the same shall not apply a presumption that the terms hereof shall be more strictly construed against any Person by reason of the rule of construction that a document is to be construed more strictly against the Person who itself or through its agent prepared the same, it being agreed that all parties have participated in the preparation of this Agreement. 

(k) Wherever pursuant to this Agreement, Administrative Agent or any Buyer or their respective exercises any right given to it to consent or not consent, or to approve or disapprove, or any arrangement or term is to be satisfactory to, such party in its sole discretion, such party shall decide to consent or not consent, or to approve or disapprove or to decide that arrangements or terms are satisfactory or not satisfactory, in its sole discretion and such decision by such party shall be final and conclusive. 

106 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (l) All information regarding the terms set forth in any of the Transaction Documents or the Transactions or proposed Transactions shall be kept confidential and shall not be disclosed by either party hereto to any Person except (a) to the Affiliates of such party or its or their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors, attorneys, accountants and other representatives who are informed of the confidential nature of such information and instructed to keep it confidential, (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority, stock exchange, government department or agency, or required by Requirements of Law, (c) to the extent required to be included in the financial statements of either party or an Affiliate thereof, (d) to the extent required to exercise any rights or remedies under the Transaction Documents, Purchased Assets or Underlying Mortgaged Properties, (e) to the extent required to consummate and administer a Transaction, (f) in the event any party is legally compelled to make pursuant to deposition, interrogatory, request for documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process by court order of a court of competent jurisdiction, and (g) to any actual or prospective Transferee that agrees to comply with this Article 31(l) ; provided, that, except with respect to the disclosures by Administrative Agent or any Buyer under this Article 31(l) no such disclosure made with respect to any Transaction Document shall include a copy of such Transaction Document to the extent that a summary would suffice, but if it is necessary for a copy of any Transaction Document to be disclosed, all pricing and other economic terms set forth therein shall be redacted before disclosure. 

ARTICLE 32. 
 AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT 
 
 The terms and provisions of the Original Master Repurchase Agreement shall be amended and restated in their entirety by the terms and provisions of this Agreement. This Agreement is not intended to, and shall not, effect a novation of any of the obligations of the parties to the Original Master Repurchase Agreement, but merely an amendment and restatement of the terms governing such obligations. Each reference to the Original Master Repurchase Agreement in any other document, instrument or agreement shall mean and be a reference to this Agreement, and this Agreement shall supersede the Original Master Repurchase Agreement in all respects. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT BLANK] 

107 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Agreement as a deed as of the date first above written. 
 
 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT : 
 
 GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA , a New York state- chartered bank 

By:	 	 

Signature Page to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement 
 
 Name: Title: 

Signature Page to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement 
 
 Prachi Bansal Authorized Person 

Signature Page to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement 

[ Signatures continue on the following pages ] 

Signature Page to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement 
 
 BUYER : 
 
 GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA , a New York state- chartered bank 

Signature Page to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement 
 
 By: 

Signature Page to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement 
 
 Name: Title: 

Signature Page to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement 
 
 Prachi Bansal Authorized Person 

Signature Page to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement 

[ Signatures continue on the following pages ] 

Signature Page to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement 
 
 SELLER: 
 
 CMTG GS FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

By: k a Ga r g - 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement 
 
 ANNEXES, EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES 
 ANNEX I	Names and Addresses for Communications among Parties SCHEDULE I	Prohibited Transferees 
 SCHEDULE II	Purchased Asset File 
 SCHEDULE III	Buyers 
 EXHIBIT I	 Form of Confirmation Statement EXHIBIT II	 Authorized Representatives of Seller EXHIBIT III-A	 Monthly Reporting Package EXHIBIT III-B	Quarterly Reporting Package EXHIBIT III-C	Annual Reporting Package EXHIBIT IV	 Form of Power of Attorney 
 EXHIBIT V	Representations and Warranties Regarding Individual Purchased Assets EXHIBIT VI	Advance Procedures 
 EXHIBIT VII	Form of Margin Deficit Notice EXHIBIT VIII	Form of Tax Compliance Certificates 
 EXHIBIT IX	Form of Covenant Compliance Certificate EXHIBIT X	UCC Filing Jurisdictions 
 EXHIBIT XI	Form of Servicer Notice 
 EXHIBIT XII	Form of Release Letter 
 EXHIBIT XIII	Reserved 
 EXHIBIT XIV	 Form of Custodial Delivery Certificate EXHIBIT XV	Form of Bailee Letter 
 EXHIBIT XVI	Reserved 

90 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

ANNEX I 

NAMES AND ADDRESSES FOR COMMUNICATIONS AMONG PARTIES 

Seller : 
 
 CMTG GS Finance LLC 
 c/o Mack Real Estate Credit Strategies 60 Columbus Circle, 20th Floor 
 New York, New York 10023 Attention: Michael McGillis Telephone: (212) 484-0033 
 Email: mmcgillis@mackregroup.com With copies to: 
 c/o Mack Real Estate Group 
 60 Columbus Circle, 20th Floor New York, New York 10023 Attention: General Counsel Email: legal@mackregroup.com 
 
 and: 
 
 Sidley Austin LLP 787 Seventh Avenue New York, NY 10019 
 Attention: Brian Krisberg Telephone: 212-839-8735 Email: bkrisberg@sidley.com 
 
 Administrative Agent : 
 
 GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA 
 200 West Street 
 New York, New York 10282 Attention:	Mr. Jeffrey Dawkins Telephone:	 (212) 902-6852 
 Telecopy:	(212) 977-4870 
 Email:	jeffrey.dawkins@gs.com 
 
 Email: gs-refgwarehouse@ny.email.gs.com Email: gs-crewarehouse-am@ny.email.gs.com Email: gs-warehouse-ops@ny.email.gs.com Email: gs-refglegal@gs.com 
 
 With copies to: 

Paul Hastings LLP 200 Park Avenue 
 New York, New York 10166 Attention:	Lisa A. Chaney, Esq. Telephone:	 (212) 318-6773 
 Facsimile:	(212) 230-7793 
 Email:	lisachaney@paulhastings.com 

- 2 - 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 SCHEDULE I 
 
 PROHIBITED TRANSFEREES 
 
 The following entities and their Affiliates and managed funds, including each of their respective successors and assigns: 
 
 1. Blackstone Group L.P. 

2. Starwood Capital Group/Starwood Property Trust Inc. 

3. TPG RE Finance Trust Inc. 

4. Brookfield 

5. Lone Star U.S. Acquisitions, LLC 

- 3 - 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 SCHEDULE II 
 
 Purchased asset File 
 
 With respect to each Purchased Asset, the following documents, as applicable: 
 
 (A) The original Mortgage Note bearing all intervening endorsements, endorsed Pay to 

without recourse and signed in the name of the last endorsee (the Last Endorsee by an authorized Person of the Last Endorsee (in the event that the Purchased Asset was acquired by the Last Endorsee in a merger, the signature must be in the following form: [Last Endorsee], successor by merger to [name of predecessor] in the event that the Purchased Asset was acquired or originated by the Last Endorsee while doing business under another name, the signature must be in the following form: [Last Endorsee], [formerly known] or [doing business] as [previous name] or a lost note affidavit in a form reasonably approved by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, with a copy of the applicable Mortgage Note attached thereto. 
 
 (B) The original or a copy of the loan agreement and the guarantee, if any, executed in connection with the Purchased Asset. 

(C) The original Mortgage with evidence of recording thereon, or a copy thereof together with an officer s certificate of Seller or certification of the named bailee certifying that such copy represents a true and correct copy of the original and that such original has been submitted for recordation in the appropriate governmental recording office of the jurisdiction where the Underlying Mortgaged Property is located. 

(D) The originals of all assumption, modification, consolidation or extension agreements with evidence of recording thereon, or copies thereof together with an officer s certificate of Seller or certification of the named bailee certifying that such copies represent true and correct copies of the originals and, if applicable, that such originals have each been submitted for recordation in the appropriate governmental recording office of the jurisdiction where the Underlying Mortgaged Property is located. 

(E) The original Assignment of Mortgage in blank for each Purchased Asset, in form and substance acceptable for recording and signed in the name of the Last Endorsee (in the event that the Purchased Asset was acquired by the Last Endorsee in a merger, the signature must be in the following form: [Last Endorsee], successor by merger to [name of predecessor] in the event that the Purchased Asset was acquired or originated while doing business under another name, the signature must be in the following form: [Last Endorsee], [formerly known] or [doing business] as [previous name] ). 

(F) The originals of all intervening assignments of mortgage (if any) with evidence of recording thereon, or copies thereof together with an officer s certificate of Seller or certification of the named bailee certifying that such copies represent true and correct copies of the originals and that such originals have each been submitted for recordation in the appropriate governmental recording office of the jurisdiction where the Underlying Mortgaged Property is located. 

(G) The original or a copy of the title policy or, if the original title policy has not been issued, the original or a copy of the irrevocable marked commitment to issue the same or pro- forma title policy. 

- 4 - 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

- 5 - 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (H) The original or a copy of any security agreement, chattel mortgage or equivalent document executed in connection with the Purchased Asset. 

(I) The original Assignment of Leases, if any, with evidence of recording thereon, or a copy thereof together with an officer s certificate of Seller or certification of the named bailee certifying that such copy represents a true and correct copy of the original that has been submitted for recordation in the appropriate governmental recording office of the jurisdiction where the Underlying Mortgaged Property is located. 

(J) The originals of all intervening assignments of Assignment of Leases and rents, if any, or copies thereof, with evidence of recording thereon, or copies thereof together with an officer s certificate of Seller or certification of the named bailee certifying that such copies represent true and correct copies of the originals and that such originals have each been submitted for recordation in the appropriate governmental recording office of the jurisdiction where the Underlying Mortgaged Property is located. 

(K) A copy of the UCC financing statements, certified as true and correct by Seller, and all necessary UCC continuation statements with evidence of filing thereon or copies thereof together with evidence that such UCC financing or continuation statements have been sent for filing, and UCC assignments in blank, which UCC assignments shall be in form and substance acceptable for filing in the applicable jurisdictions. 

(L) The original or a copy of any environmental indemnity agreement or similar guaranty or indemnity, whether stand-alone or incorporated into the applicable loan documents (if any). 

(M) Mortgagor s certificate or title affidavit (if any). 

(N) A survey of the Underlying Mortgaged Property (if any) as accepted by the title company for issuance of the title policy. 

(O) A copy of all servicing agreements and Servicing Records related to such Purchased Asset, which Seller shall deliver to Servicer (with a copy to Administrative Agent). 

(P) A copy of the Mortgagor s opinions of counsel. 

(Q) An assignment of any management agreements, permits, contracts and other material agreements (if any). 

(R) If reasonably requested by Administrative Agent, reports of UCC, tax lien, judgment and litigation searches, conducted by search firms reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent with respect to the Purchased Asset, Seller and the related underlying obligor and such reports reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent. 

(S) Copies of all documents relating to the formation and organization of the related obligor under such Purchased Asset, together with all consents and resolutions delivered in connection with such obligor s obtaining such Purchased Asset. 

(T) The original omnibus assignment in blank or such other documents necessary and sufficient to transfer to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, all of Seller s right, title and interest in and to the Purchased Asset. 

- 6 - 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (U) The original or a copy of any participation agreement and an original or copy of any intercreditor, co-lender agreement, and/or servicing agreement executed in connection with the Purchased Asset. 

(V) Copies of all other material documents and instruments evidencing, guaranteeing, insuring, securing or modifying such Purchased Asset, executed and delivered to Seller in connection with, or otherwise relating to, such Purchased Asset, including all documents establishing or implementing any lockbox pursuant to which Seller is entitled to receive any payments from cash flow of the underlying real property. 

- 7 - 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 SCHEDULE III 
 
 BUYERS 

1. Liberty Mutual Insurance Company 

2. Peerless Insurance Company 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

- 7- 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 EXHIBIT I 
 
 CONFIRMATION STATEMENT GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 
 Seller is pleased to deliver our written CONFIRMATION of our agreement to enter into the Transaction pursuant to which Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall purchase from us the Purchased Assets identified on the attached Schedule 1 pursuant to the Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2022 (the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement ), among GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state- chartered bank, as administrative agent (in such capacity, together with its permitted successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent for GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank (in such capacity, and together with such other financial institutions from time to time party thereto and their respective successors and assigns, collectively Buyers and individually, each a Buyer ), Buyers and CMTG GS FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Seller ), on the following terms. Capitalized terms used herein without definition have the meanings given in the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement. 
 
 Purchase Date:	 	 , 202 
 Purchased Assets:	[ 	 Name]: As identified on attached Schedule 1 Principal Amount of Purchased 
 Asset as of Purchase Date:	[ 	] 
 Available Future Funding as of Purchase Date: 
 Fully-funded Principal Amount of Purchased Asset: 
 Repurchase Date: 
 Advance Rate: 
 Purchase Price:	[ 	] 
 Change in Purchase Price:	[ 	] 
 Pricing Rate:	 [LIBOR Rate plus 	 ] / [Term SOFR plus 	 ] Governing Agreements:	As identified on attached Schedule 1 
 Draw Fee: 
 Requested Wire Amount (net of Draw Fee): 
 Requested Fund Date: 
 As-Is Value of Underlying Mortgaged Property: 
 Buyer s LTV: 
 Maximum Buyer s LTV: 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Purchase Date Purchase Price Debt Yield: 
 Wire Amount: 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 See Schedule 2 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Type of Funding:	[Table/Non-table] 
 Wiring Instructions:	See Schedule 3 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

Name and address for communications: 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Administrative Agent : 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA 
 200 West Street 
 New York, New York 10282 Attention:	Mr. Jeffrey Dawkins Telephone:	 (212) 902-6852 
 Telecopy:	(212) 977-4870 
 Email:	jeffrey.dawkins@gs.com 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

Email: gs-refgwarehouse@ny.email.gs.com Email: gs-crewarehouse-am@ny.email.gs.com Email: gs-warehouse-ops@ny.email.gs.com Email: gs-refglegal@gs.com 
 
 With copies to: 
 
 Paul Hastings LLP 200 Park Avenue 
 New York, New York 10166 Attention:	Lisa A. Chaney, Esq. Telephone:	 (212) 318-6773 
 Facsimile:	(212) 230-7793 
 Email:	lisachaney@paulhastings.com Seller :	CMTG GS FINANCE LLC 
 c/o Mack Real Estate Credit Strategies 60 Columbus Circle, 20th Floor 
 New York, New York 10023 Attention: Michael McGillis Telephone: (212) 484-0033 
 Email: mmcgillis@mackregroup.com 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 With copies to: 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 c/o Mack Real Estate Group 
 60 Columbus Circle, 20th Floor New York, New York 10023 Attention: General Counsel Email: legal@mackregroup.com 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

and to:	Sidley Austin LLP 
 787 Seventh Avenue New York, NY 10019 
 Attention:	Brian Krisberg 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Telephone:	212-839-8735 Email: bkrisberg@sidley.com 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 CMTG GS FINANCE LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 

By: 		 Name: 
 Title: 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 AGREED AND ACKNOWLEDGED: 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA , 
 a New York state-chartered bank 

By: 		 Name: 
 Title: 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Schedule 1 to Confirmation Statement 
 
 Purchased Asset:		[Asset Type] dated as of [ 	 ] in the original principal amount of [ 	 ], made by [ 	 ] to [ 	 ] under and pursuant to that certain [loan agreement]/[applicable document] (the Governing Agreement ). 
 
 Aggregate Principal Amount:		 [ 	 ] [(plus up to [ 		 ] of future advances under Section [ 	 ] of the Governing Agreement). Buyers obligation to fund any future advances is contingent on (a) Seller s satisfaction of the conditions captained in Article 3(l) of the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement and 
 (b) a bringdown by Seller of all representations and warranties made on the date hereof with regard to the Purchased Asset pursuant to Article 9 of the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement.] 
 
 Representations:		Seller acknowledges and agrees that upon funding by Buyers of the Purchase Price for the Purchased Asset [and, in connection with any subsequent funding of the Advance Rate of a future advance under the Purchased Asset, (i)] Seller shall be deemed to have confirmed that all of the representations and warranties set forth in Article 9 of the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement are true and correct as of the Purchase Date with respect to all Purchased Assets [or the applicable funding date, as the case may be,], except such representations and warranties which by their terms speak as of a specified date and except as set forth in the Requested Exception Report attached as Schedule 4 hereto or in the Requested Exception Report delivered with respect to any other Purchased Asset [and (ii) with respect to the funding of a Future Funding Advance, Seller shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that all of the conditions to funding of such advance set forth in Section [ 	 ] of the Governing Agreement have been satisfied (and no conditions have been waived, except as has been previously disclosed by Seller to Buyers in writing)]. 
 
 Fixed/Floating:	[Floating] 
 
 Coupon:	[ 	 ] 
 
 Term of Loan including Extension Options:	[ 	 ],[ 	 ] 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Amortization (e.g., IO, full amortization, etc.):	[ ]-year amortization[, with [ ]-month IO.] 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Schedule 2 to Confirmation Statement 
 
 [to be attached] 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Schedule 3 to Confirmation Statement 
 
 Wiring Instructions [to be attached] 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Schedule 4 to Confirmation Statement 
 
 Requested Exceptions Report [to be attached] 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 EXHIBIT II 
 
 AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES OF SELLER 

Name 
 
 Specimen Signature 

Priyanka Garg 

J. Michael McGillis 

J.D Siegel 

EXHIBIT III-A 
 
 MONTHLY REPORTING PACKAGE 
 
 The Monthly Reporting Package shall include, inter alia , the following: 
 
 A listing of all Purchased Assets reflecting (i) the payment status of each Purchased Asset and any material changes in the financial or other condition of each Purchased Asset, including, without limitation any new or ongoing litigation; and (ii) any representation and/or warranty breaches under the Purchased Asset Documents. 

Any and all financial statements, rent rolls, any other financial reports or certificates, or other material information received from the borrowers related to each Purchased Asset, provided that to the extent the related Purchased Asset Documents provide that the related borrower shall provide such information to Seller other than on a monthly basis, Seller shall provide any such information to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, promptly upon Seller s receipt thereof. 

A listing of any existing Potential Events of Default. 

A remittance report containing servicing information, including without limitation, the amount of each periodic payment due, the amount of each periodic payment received, the date of receipt, the date due, and whether there has been any material adverse change to the real property, on a loan by loan basis and in the aggregate, with respect to the Purchased Assets serviced by any servicer (such remittance report, a Servicing Tape ), or to the extent any servicer does not provide any such Servicing Tape, a remittance report containing the servicing information that would otherwise be set forth in the Servicing Tape. 

All other information as Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, from time to time, may reasonably request with respect to Seller or any Purchased Asset, obligor or Underlying Mortgaged Property. 

The floating rate benchmark or index used to determine interest payments in respect of such Purchased Asset for the preceding calendar month. 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 EXHIBIT III-B 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORTING PACKAGE 
 
 The Quarterly Reporting Package shall include, inter alia , the following: 
 
 Consolidated unaudited financial statements of Guarantor presented fairly in accordance with GAAP or, if such financial statements being delivered have been filed with the SEC pursuant to the requirements of the 1934 Act, or similar state securities laws, presented in accordance with applicable statutory and/or regulatory requirements and delivered to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, within the same time frame as are required to be filed in accordance with such applicable statutory or regulatory requirements, in either case accompanied by a Covenant Compliance Certificate, including a statement of operations and a statement of changes in cash flows for such quarter and statement of net assets as of the end of such quarter, and certified as being true and correct by a Covenant Compliance Certificate. 

Quarterly asset management reports. 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 EXHIBIT III-C 
 
 ANNUAL REPORTING PACKAGE 
 
 The Annual Reporting Package shall include, inter alia , the following: 
 
 Guarantor s consolidated audited financial statements, prepared by a nationally recognized independent certified public accounting firm and presented fairly in accordance with GAAP or, if such financial statements being delivered have been filed with the SEC pursuant to the requirements of the 1934 Act, or similar state securities laws, presented in accordance with applicable statutory and/or regulatory requirements and delivered to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, within the same time frame as are required to be filed in accordance with such applicable statutory and/or regulatory requirements, in either case accompanied by a Covenant Compliance Certificate, including a statement of operations and a statement of changes in cash flows for such year and statement of net assets as of the end of such year accompanied by an unqualified report of the nationally recognized independent certified public accounting firm that prepared them. 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 EXHIBIT IV 
 
 FORM OF POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 Know All Men by These Presents, that CMTG GS FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Seller ), does hereby appoint GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank, as administrative agent on behalf of Buyers (in such capacity, together with its permitted successors and assigns Administrative Agent ), its attorney in fact to act in Seller s name, place and stead in any way that Seller could do, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, with respect to (i) the completion of any endorsements of documents or instruments relating to the Purchased Assets, including without limitation, any transfer documents related thereto and any written notices to underlying obligors to effectuate a legal transfer of the Purchased Assets, (ii) the recordation of any instruments relating to such Purchased Assets, (iii) the preparation and filing, in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent, of such financing statements, continuation statements, and other uniform commercial code forms, as Administrative Agent may from time to time, reasonably consider necessary to create, perfect, and preserve Administrative Agent s, on behalf of Buyers, security interest in the Purchased Assets, and (iv) the enforcement of Seller s rights under the Purchased Assets purchased by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, pursuant to the Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2022 (the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement ), among Administrative Agent, GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank (in such capacity, and together with such other financial institutions from time to time party thereto and their respective successors and assigns, collectively Buyers and individually, each a Buyer and Seller, and to take such other steps as may be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, against such Purchased Assets, the related Purchased Asset Files and the Servicing Records to the extent that Seller is permitted by law to act through an agent. 
 
 TO INDUCE ANY THIRD PARTY TO ACT HEREUNDER, SELLER HEREBY AGREES THAT ANY THIRD PARTY RECEIVING A DULY EXECUTED COPY OR FACSIMILE OF THIS INSTRUMENT MAY ACT HEREUNDER, AND THAT REVOCATION OR TERMINATION HEREOF SHALL BE INEFFECTIVE AS TO SUCH THIRD PARTY UNLESS AND UNTIL ACTUAL NOTICE OR KNOWLEDGE OR SUCH REVOCATION OR TERMINATION SHALL HAVE BEEN RECEIVED BY SUCH THIRD PARTY, AND SELLER ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF SELLER S ASSIGNS, HEREBY AGREES TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS ANY SUCH THIRD PARTY FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS THAT MAY ARISE AGAINST SUCH THIRD PARTY BY REASON OF SUCH THIRD PARTY HAVING RELIED ON THE PROVISIONS OF THIS INSTRUMENT. 
 
 THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK PURSUANT TO SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller has caused this Power of Attorney to be executed as a deed this 7 th day of March, 2022. 

[SIGNATURES ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE] 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 CMTG GS FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

By: 		 Name: 
 Title: 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 EXHIBIT V 
 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES REGARDING THE PURCHASED ASSETS 
 
 With respect to each Purchased Asset and the related Underlying Mortgaged Property or Underlying Mortgaged Properties, on the related Purchase Date and at all times while this Agreement and any Transaction contemplated hereunder is in effect, Seller shall be deemed to make the following representations and warranties to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, as of such date; provided , however , that, with respect to any Purchased Asset, such representations and warranties shall be deemed to be modified by any Exception Report delivered by Seller to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, prior to the issuance of a Confirmation with respect thereto. 
 
 (1) Whole Loan; Ownership of Purchased Assets . Each Purchased Asset is an Eligible Asset. At the time of the sale, transfer and assignment to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, no Mortgage Note or Mortgage was subject to any assignment (other than assignments to Seller), participation or pledge, and Seller had good title to, and was the sole owner of, each Purchased Asset free and clear of any and all liens, charges, pledges, encumbrances, participations, any other ownership interests on, in or to such Purchased Asset. Seller has full right and authority to sell, assign and transfer each Purchased Asset, and the assignment to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, constitutes a legal, valid and binding assignment of such Purchased Asset free and clear of any and all liens, pledges, charges or security interests of any nature encumbering such Purchased Asset. 

(2) Loan Document Status . Each related Mortgage Note, Mortgage, Assignment of Leases (if a separate instrument), guaranty and other agreement executed by or on behalf of the related Mortgagor, guarantor or other obligor in connection with such Purchased Asset is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the related Mortgagor, guarantor or other obligor (subject to any non- recourse provisions contained in any of the foregoing agreements and any applicable state anti- deficiency, one-action or market value limit deficiency legislation), as applicable, and is enforceable in accordance with its terms, except (a) as such enforcement may be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and (b) that certain provisions in such Purchased Asset Documents (including, without limitation, provisions requiring the payment of default interest, late fees or prepayment/yield maintenance or prepayment fees, charges and/or premiums) are, or may be, further limited or rendered unenforceable by or under applicable law, but (subject to the limitations set forth in clause (a) above) such limitations or unenforceability will not render such Purchased Asset Documents invalid as a whole or materially interfere with the mortgagee s realization of the principal benefits and/or security provided thereby clauses (a) and (b) collectively, the Standard Qualifications ). Except as set forth in the immediately preceding sentences, there is no valid offset, defense, counterclaim or right of rescission available to the related borrower with respect to any of the related Mortgage Notes, Mortgages or other Purchased Asset Documents, including, without limitation, any such valid offset, defense, counterclaim or right based on intentional fraud by Seller in connection with the origination of the Purchased Asset, that would deny the mortgagee the principal benefits intended to be provided by the Mortgage Note, Mortgage or other Purchased Asset Documents. 

(3) Mortgage Provisions . The Purchased Asset Documents for each Purchased Asset contain provisions that render the rights and remedies of the holder thereof adequate for the practical 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 realization against the Underlying Mortgaged Property of the principal benefits of the security intended to be provided thereby, including realization by judicial or, if applicable, non-judicial foreclosure subject to the limitations set forth in the Standard Qualifications. 
 
 (4) Hospitality Provisions . The Purchased Asset Documents for each Purchased Asset that is secured by a hospitality property operated pursuant to a franchise agreement includes an executed comfort letter or similar agreement signed by the Mortgagor and franchisor of such property enforceable against such franchisor, either directly or as an assignee of the originator. The Mortgage or related security agreement for each Purchased Asset secured by a hospitality property creates a security interest in the revenues of such property for which a UCC financing statement has been filed in the appropriate filing office. 

(5) Mortgage Status; Waivers and Modifications . Since origination and except by written instruments set forth in the related Purchased Asset File or as otherwise provided in the related Purchased Asset Documents (a) the material terms of such Mortgage, Mortgage Note, guaranty, participation agreement, if applicable, and related Purchased Asset Documents have not been waived, impaired, modified, altered, satisfied, canceled, subordinated or rescinded in any respect that could have a material adverse effect on Purchased Asset; (b) no related Underlying Mortgaged Property or any portion thereof has been released from the lien of the related Mortgage in any manner which materially interferes with the security intended to be provided by such Mortgage or the use or operation of the remaining portion of such Underlying Mortgaged Property; and (c) neither the related borrower nor the related guarantor nor the related participating Person has been released from its material obligations under the Purchased Asset Documents. With respect to each Purchased Asset, except as contained in a written document included in the Purchased Asset File, there have been no modifications, amendments or waivers, that could be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on such Purchased Asset consented to by Seller. 

(6) Lien; Valid Assignment . Subject to the Standard Qualifications, each assignment of Mortgage and assignment of Assignment of Leases to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, constitutes a legal, valid and binding assignment to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers. Each related Mortgage and Assignment of Leases is freely assignable without the consent of the related Mortgagor. Each related Mortgage is a legal, valid and enforceable first lien on the related Mortgagor s fee or leasehold interest in the Underlying Mortgaged Property in the principal amount of such Purchased Asset or allocated loan amount (subject only to Permitted Encumbrances, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by the Standard Qualifications. Such Underlying Mortgaged Property (subject to and excepting Permitted Encumbrances) is free and clear of any recorded mechanics liens, recorded materialmen s liens and other recorded encumbrances, and no rights exist which under law could give rise to any such lien or encumbrance that would be prior to or equal with the lien of the related Mortgage, except those which are bonded over, escrowed for or insured against by a lender s title insurance policy (as described below). Any security agreement, chattel mortgage or equivalent document related to and delivered in connection with the Purchased Asset establishes and creates a valid and enforceable lien on property described therein, except as such enforcement may be limited by Standard Qualifications subject to the limitations described in Paragraph (9) below. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no representation is made as to the perfection of any security interest in rents or other personal property to the extent that possession or control of such items or actions other than the filing of UCC financing statements is required in order to effect such perfection. 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (7) Permitted Liens; Title Insurance . Each Underlying Mortgaged Property securing a Purchased Asset is covered by a Title Policy in the original principal amount of such Purchased Asset (or with respect to a Purchased Asset secured by multiple properties, an amount equal to at least the allocated loan amount with respect to the Title Policy for each such property) after all advances of principal (including any advances held in escrow or reserves), that insures for the benefit of the owner of the indebtedness secured by the Mortgage, the first priority lien of the Mortgage, which lien is subject only to Permitted Encumbrances. None of the Permitted Encumbrances are mortgage liens that are senior to or coordinate and co-equal with the lien of the related Mortgage. Such Title Policy (or, if it has yet to be issued, the coverage to be provided thereby) is in full force and effect, all premiums thereon have been paid and no claims have been made by Seller thereunder and no claims have been paid thereunder. Neither Seller, nor to Seller s knowledge, any other holder of the Purchased Asset, has done, by act or omission, anything that would materially impair the coverage under such Title Policy. Each Title Policy contains no exclusion for, or affirmatively insures (except for any Underlying Mortgaged Property located in a jurisdiction where such affirmative insurance is not available in which case such exclusion may exist), (a) that the area shown on the survey is the same as the property legally described in the Mortgage and (b) to the extent that the Underlying Mortgaged Property consists of two or more adjoining parcels, such parcels are contiguous. 

(8) Junior Liens . There are no subordinate mortgages or junior liens securing the payment of money encumbering the related Underlying Mortgaged Property (other than Permitted Encumbrances). Seller has no knowledge of any mezzanine debt secured directly by interests in the related Mortgagor. 

(9) Assignment of Leases . There exists as part of the related Purchased Asset File an Assignment of Leases (either as a separate instrument or incorporated into the related Mortgage). Subject to the Permitted Encumbrances, each related Assignment of Leases creates a valid first-priority collateral assignment of, or a valid first-priority lien or security interest in, rents and certain rights under the related lease or leases, subject only to a license granted to the related Mortgagor to exercise certain rights and to perform certain obligations of the lessor under such lease or leases, including the right to operate the related leased property, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by the Standard Qualifications. No Person other than the related Mortgagor owns any interest in any payments due under such lease or leases that is superior to or of equal priority with the lender s interest therein. The related Mortgage or related Assignment of Leases, subject to applicable law, provides that, upon an event of default under the Purchased Asset, a receiver is permitted to be appointed for the collection of rents or for the related mortgagee to enter into possession to collect the rents or for rents to be paid directly to the mortgagee. 

(10) UCC Filings . Seller has filed and/or recorded or caused to be filed and/or recorded (or, if not filed and/or recorded, have been submitted in proper form for filing and/or recording), UCC-1 financing statements in the appropriate public filing and/or recording offices necessary at the time of the origination of the Purchased Asset to perfect a valid security interest in all items of physical personal property reasonably necessary to operate such Underlying Mortgaged Property owned by such Mortgagor and located on the related Underlying Mortgaged Property (other than any non-material personal property, any personal property subject to a purchase money security interest, a sale and leaseback financing arrangement as permitted under the terms of the related Purchased Asset Documents or any other personal property leases applicable to such personal property), to the extent perfection may be effected pursuant to applicable law by recording or filing, as the case may be. Subject to the Standard Qualifications, each related Mortgage (or equivalent document) creates a valid and enforceable lien and security interest on the items of personalty described above. No representation is made as to the perfection of any security 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 interest in rents or other personal property to the extent that possession or control of such items or actions other than the filing of UCC-1 financing statements are required in order to effect such perfection. Each UCC-1 financing statement, if any, filed with respect to personal property constituting a part of the related Underlying Mortgaged Property and each UCC-2 or UCC-3 assignment, if any, of such financing statement to Seller was in suitable form for filing in the filing office in which such financing statement was filed. 
 
 (11) Condition of Property . Seller or the originator of the Purchased Asset inspected or caused to be inspected each related Underlying Mortgaged Property within six months of origination of the Purchased Asset and within twelve months of the Purchased Date. An engineering report or property condition assessment was prepared in connection with the origination of each Purchased Asset no more than twelve months prior to the Purchase Date. To Seller s knowledge, based solely upon due diligence customarily performed in connection with the origination of comparable mortgage loans, each related Underlying Mortgaged Property was (a) free and clear of any material damage, (b) in good repair and condition and (c) is free of structural defects, except in each case (i) for any damage or deficiencies that would not materially and adversely affect the use, operation or value of such Underlying Mortgaged Property as security for the Purchased Asset, (ii) if such repairs have been completed or (iii) if escrows in an aggregate amount consistent with the standards utilized by Seller with respect to similar loans its holds for its own account have been established, which escrows will in all events be in an aggregate amount not less than the estimated cost of such repairs. Seller has no knowledge of any material issues with the physical condition of the Underlying Mortgaged Property that Seller believes would have a material adverse effect on the use, operation or value of the Underlying Mortgaged Property other than those disclosed in the engineering report and those addressed in clauses (i) , 

(ii) and (iii) above. 
 
 (12) Taxes and Assessments . All real estate taxes, governmental assessments and other similar outstanding governmental charges (including, without limitation, water and sewage charges), or installments thereof, that could be a lien on the related Underlying Mortgaged Property that would be of equal or superior priority to the lien of the Mortgage and that prior to the Purchase Date have become delinquent in respect of each related Underlying Mortgaged Property have been paid, or, if the appropriate amount of such taxes or charges is being appealed or is otherwise in dispute, an escrow of funds has been established in an amount sufficient to cover such payments and reasonably estimated interest and penalties, if any, thereon. For purposes of this Paragraph (12) , real estate taxes and governmental assessments and other outstanding governmental charges and installments thereof shall not be considered delinquent until the earlier of (a) the date on which interest and/or penalties would first be payable thereon and (b) the date on which enforcement action is entitled to be taken by the related taxing authority. 

(13) Condemnation . As of the date of origination and to Seller s knowledge as of the Purchase Date, there is no proceeding pending, and, to Seller s knowledge as of the date of origination and as of the Purchased Date, there is no proceeding threatened, for the total or partial condemnation of such Underlying Mortgaged Property that would have a material adverse effect on the value, use or operation of the Underlying Mortgaged Property. 

(14) Actions Concerning Purchased Asset . As of the date of origination and to Seller s knowledge as of the Purchase Date, there was no pending, filed or threatened action, suit or proceeding, arbitration or governmental investigation involving any Mortgagor, guarantor, or the Underlying Mortgaged Property, an adverse outcome of which would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect (a) such Mortgagor s title to the Underlying Mortgaged Property, (b) the validity or enforceability of the Mortgage, (c) such Mortgagor s ability to perform under the 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 related Purchased Asset Documents, (d) such guarantor s ability to perform under the related guaranty, (e) the use, operation or value of the Underlying Mortgaged Property, (f) the principal benefit of the security intended to be provided by the Purchased Asset Documents, (g) the current ability of the Underlying Mortgaged Property to generate net cash flow sufficient to service such Purchased Asset or (h) the current principal use of the Underlying Mortgaged Property. 
 
 (15) Escrow Deposits . All escrow deposits and payments required to be escrowed with lender pursuant to the Purchased Asset Documents are in the possession, or under the control, of Seller or its servicer, and there are no deficiencies (subject to any applicable grace or cure periods) in connection therewith, and all such escrows and deposits (or the right thereto) that are required to be escrowed with lender under the related Purchased Asset Documents are being conveyed by Seller to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, or its servicer. Any and all requirements under the Purchased Asset Documents as to completion of any material improvements and as to disbursements of any funds escrowed for such purpose, which requirements were to have been complied with on or before the Purchase Date, have been complied with in all material respects or the funds so escrowed have not been released. No other escrow amounts have been released except in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Purchased Asset Documents. 

(16) No Holdbacks . The principal balance of the Purchased Asset set forth on the Purchased Asset Schedule has been fully disbursed, except for any future funding per the Purchased Asset Documents, as of the Purchase Date and there is no requirement for future advances thereunder (except in those cases where the full amount of the Purchased Asset has been disbursed but a portion thereof is being held in escrow or reserve accounts pending the satisfaction of certain conditions relating to leasing, repairs or other matters with respect to the related Underlying Mortgaged Property, the Mortgagor or other considerations determined by Seller to merit such holdback), and any requirements or conditions to disbursements of any loan proceeds held in escrow have been satisfied with respect to any disbursements of any such escrow fund made on or prior to the date hereof. 

(17) Insurance . Each related Underlying Mortgaged Property is, and is required pursuant to the related Mortgage to be, insured by a property insurance policy providing coverage for loss in accordance with coverage found under a special cause of loss form or all risk form that includes replacement cost valuation issued by an insurer meeting the requirements of the related Purchased Asset Documents and having a claims-paying or financial strength rating of any one of the following: (i) at least A-:VII from A.M. Best Company, Inc., (ii) at least A3 (or the equivalent) from Moody s or (iii) at least A- from Standard Poor s (collectively, the Insurance Rating Requirements ), in an amount (subject to a customary deductible) not less than the lesser of (1) the original principal balance of the Purchased Asset and (2) the full insurable value on a replacement cost basis of the improvements, furniture, furnishings, fixtures and equipment owned by the Mortgagor and included in the Underlying Mortgaged Property (with no deduction for physical depreciation), but, in any event, not less than the amount necessary or containing such endorsements as are necessary to avoid the operation of any coinsurance provisions with respect to the related Underlying Mortgaged Property. 

Each related Underlying Mortgaged Property is also covered, and required to be covered pursuant to the related Loan Documents, by business interruption or rental loss insurance which (subject to a customary deductible) (i) covers a period of not less than 12 months (or with respect to each Purchased Asset on a single asset with a principal balance of 50 million or more, 18 months); 
 (ii) for a Purchased Asset with a principal balance of 50 million or more, contains a 180 day extended period of indemnity and (iii) covers the actual loss sustained during restoration. 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 If any material part of the improvements, exclusive of a parking lot, located on a Underlying Mortgaged Property is in an area identified in the Federal Register by the Federal Emergency Management Agency as having special flood hazards, the related Mortgagor is required to maintain insurance in the maximum amount available under the National Flood Insurance Program, plus such additional excess flood coverage in an amount as is generally required by prudent institutional commercial mortgage lenders originating mortgage loans for securitization. 
 
 If windstorm and/or windstorm related perils and/or named storms are excluded from the primary property damage insurance policy, the Underlying Mortgaged Property is insured by a separate windstorm insurance policy issued by an insurer meeting the Insurance Rating Requirements or endorsement covering damage from windstorm and/or windstorm related perils and/or named storms in an amount at least equal to 100 of the full insurable value on a replacement cost basis of the improvements and personalty and fixtures included in the related Underlying Mortgaged Property by an insurer meeting the Insurance Rating Requirement. 
 
 The Underlying Mortgaged Property is covered, and required to be covered pursuant to the related Purchased Asset Documents, by a commercial general liability insurance policy issued by an insurer meeting the Insurance Rating Requirements including coverage for property damage, contractual damage and personal injury (including bodily injury and death) in amounts as are generally required by a prudent institutional commercial mortgage lender for loans originated for securitization, and in any event not less than 1 million per occurrence and 2 million in the aggregate. 
 
 An architectural or engineering consultant has performed an analysis of each of the Mortgaged Properties located in seismic zones 3 or 4 in order to evaluate the structural and seismic condition of such property, for the sole purpose of assessing either the scenario expected limit (the SEL or the probable maximum loss (the PML for the Underlying Mortgaged Property in the event of an earthquake. In such instance, the SEL or PML, as applicable, was based on a 475-year return period, an exposure period of 50 years and a 10 probability of exceedance. If the resulting report concluded that the SEL or PML, as applicable, would exceed 20 of the amount of the replacement costs of the improvements, earthquake insurance on such Underlying Mortgaged Property was obtained by an insurer rated at least A:VII by A.M. Best Company, Inc. or A3 (or the equivalent) from Moody s or A- by Standard Poor s in an amount not less than 150 of the SEL or PML, as applicable. 
 
 The Purchased Asset Documents require insurance proceeds in respect of a property loss to be applied either (a) to the repair or restoration of all or part of the related Underlying Mortgaged Property, with respect to all property losses in excess of 5 of the then outstanding principal amount of the related Purchased Asset, the lender (or a trustee appointed by it) having the right to hold and disburse such proceeds as the repair or restoration progresses, or (b) to the reduction of the outstanding principal balance of such Purchased Asset together with any accrued interest thereon. 
 
 All premiums on all insurance policies referred to in this Paragraph (17) required to be paid as of the Purchase Date have been paid, and such insurance policies name the lender under the Purchased Asset and its successors and assigns as a loss payee under a mortgagee endorsement clause or, in the case of the general liability insurance policy, as named or additional insured. Such insurance policies will inure to the benefit of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers. Each related Purchased Asset obligates the related Mortgagor to maintain all such insurance and, at such Mortgagor s failure to do so, authorizes the lender to maintain such insurance at the Mortgagor s cost and expense and to charge such Mortgagor for related premiums and other 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 related expenses, including reasonable attorney s fees. All such insurance policies (other than commercial liability policies) require at least 10 days prior notice to the lender of termination or cancellation arising because of nonpayment of a premium and at least 30 days prior notice to the lender of termination or cancellation (or such lesser period, not less than 10 days, as may be required by applicable law) arising for any reason other than non-payment of a premium and no such notice has been received by Seller. 
 
 (18) Access; Utilities; Separate Tax Lots . Each Underlying Mortgaged Property (a) is located on or adjacent to a public road and has direct legal access to such road, or has access via an irrevocable easement or irrevocable right of way permitting ingress and egress to/from a public road, (b) is served by or has uninhibited access rights to public or private water and sewer (or well and septic) and all required utilities, all of which are appropriate for the current use of the Underlying Mortgaged Property, and (c) constitutes one or more separate tax parcels which do not include any property which is not part of the Underlying Mortgaged Property or is subject to an endorsement under the related Title Policy insuring the Underlying Mortgaged Property, or in certain cases, an application has been, or will be, made to the applicable governing authority for creation of separate tax lots, in which case the Purchased Asset Documents require the Mortgagor to escrow an amount sufficient to pay taxes for the existing tax parcel of which the Underlying Mortgaged Property is a part until the separate tax lots are created or the non-recourse carveout guarantor under the Purchased Asset Documents has indemnified the mortgagee for any loss suffered in connection therewith. 

(19) No Encroachments . To Seller s knowledge based solely on surveys obtained in connection with origination (which may have been a previously existing as built survey) and the lender s Title Policy (or, if such policy is not yet issued, a pro forma title policy, a preliminary title policy with escrow instructions or a marked up commitment) obtained in connection with the origination of each Purchased Asset, all material improvements that were included for the purpose of determining the appraised value of the related Underlying Mortgaged Property at the time of the origination of such Purchased Asset are within the boundaries of the related Underlying Mortgaged Property, except encroachments that do not materially and adversely affect the value or current use of such Underlying Mortgaged Property or for which insurance or endorsements were obtained under the Title Policy. No improvements on adjoining parcels encroach onto the related Underlying Mortgaged Property except for encroachments that do not materially and adversely affect the value or current use of such Underlying Mortgaged Property or for which insurance or endorsements were obtained under the Title Policy. No material improvements encroach upon any easements except for encroachments the removal of which would not materially and adversely affect the value or current use of such Underlying Mortgaged Property or for which insurance or endorsements have been obtained under the Title Policy. 

(20) No Contingent Interest or Equity Participation . No Purchased Asset has a shared appreciation feature, any other contingent interest feature or a negative amortization feature (except that an anticipated repayment date loan may provide for the accrual of the portion of interest in excess of the rate in effect prior to the anticipated Repayment Date) or an equity participation by Seller. 

(21) REMIC . The Purchased Asset is a qualified mortgage within the meaning of Section 860G(a)(3) of the Code (but determined without regard to the rule in Treasury Regulations Section 1.860G-2(f)(2) that treats certain defective mortgage loans as qualified mortgages), and, accordingly, (a) the issue price of the Purchased Asset to the related Mortgagor at origination did not exceed the non-contingent principal amount of the Purchased Asset and (b) either: (i) such Purchased Asset is secured by an interest in real property (including buildings and structural components thereof, but excluding personal property) having a fair market value (A) at the date 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 the Purchased Asset was originated at least equal to 80 of the adjusted issue price of the Purchased Asset on such date or (B) at the Purchase Date at least equal to 80 of the adjusted issue price of the Purchased Asset on such date, provided that, for purposes hereof, the fair market value of the real property interest must first be reduced by (1) the amount of any lien on the real property interest that is senior to the Purchased Asset and (2) a proportionate amount of any lien that is in parity with the Purchased Asset; or (ii) substantially all of the proceeds of such Purchased Asset were used to acquire, improve or protect the real property which served as the only security for such Purchased Asset (other than a recourse feature or other third-party credit enhancement within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.860G-2(a)(1)(ii)). If the Purchased Asset was significantly modified prior to the Purchase Date so as to result in a taxable exchange under Section 1001 of the Code, it either (i) was modified as a result of the default or reasonably foreseeable default of such Purchased Asset or (ii) satisfies the provisions of either clause (b)(i)(A) above (substituting the date of the last such modification for the date the Purchased Asset was originated) or clause (b)(i)(B) , including the proviso thereto. Any prepayment premium and yield maintenance charges applicable to the Purchased Asset constitute customary prepayment penalties within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.860G- 1(b)(2). All terms used in this Paragraph (21) shall have the same meanings as set forth in the related Treasury Regulations. 
 
 (22) Compliance with Usury Laws . The interest rate (exclusive of any default interest, late charges, yield maintenance charges, exit fees, or prepayment premiums) of such Purchased Asset complied as of the date of origination with, or was exempt from, applicable state or federal laws, regulations and other requirements pertaining to usury. 

(23) Authorized to do Business . To the extent required under applicable law, as of the Purchase Date and as of each date that such entity held the Mortgage Note, each holder of the Mortgage Note was authorized to transact and do business in the jurisdiction in which each related Underlying Mortgaged Property is located, or the failure to be so authorized does not materially and adversely affect the enforceability of such Purchased Asset by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers. 

(24) Trustee under Deed of Trust . With respect to each Mortgage which is a deed of trust, a trustee, duly qualified under applicable law to serve as such, currently so serves and is named in the deed of trust or has been substituted in accordance with the Mortgage and applicable law or may be substituted in accordance with the Mortgage and applicable law by the related mortgagee, and except in connection with a trustee s sale after a default by the related Mortgagor or in connection with any full or partial release of the related Underlying Mortgaged Property or related security for such Purchased Asset, and except in connection with a trustee s sale after a default by the related Mortgagor, no fees are payable to such trustee except for de minimis fees paid. 

(25) Local Law Compliance . To Seller s knowledge, based upon any of a letter from any governmental authorities, a legal opinion, an architect s letter, a zoning consultant s report, an endorsement to the related Title Policy, or other affirmative investigation of local law compliance consistent with the investigation conducted by Seller for similar commercial, multifamily and manufactured housing community mortgage loans intended for securitization, with respect to the improvements located on or forming part of each Underlying Mortgaged Property securing a Purchased Asset, there are no material violations of applicable laws, zoning ordinances, rules, covenants, building codes, restrictions and land laws (collectively, Zoning Regulations other than those which (i) constitute a legal non-conforming use or structure, as to which the Underlying Mortgaged Property may be restored or repaired to the full extent necessary to maintain the use of the structure immediately prior to a casualty or the inability to restore or 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 repair to the full extent necessary to maintain the use or structure immediately prior to the casualty would not materially and adversely affect the use or operation of the Underlying Mortgaged Property, (ii) are insured by the Title Policy or other insurance policy, (iii) are insured by law and ordinance insurance coverage in amounts customarily required by prudent commercial mortgage lenders for loans originated for securitization that provides coverage for additional costs to rebuild and/or repair the property to current Zoning Regulations or (iv) would not have a material adverse effect on the Purchased Asset. The terms of the Purchased Asset Documents require the Mortgagor to comply in all material respects with all applicable governmental regulations, zoning and building laws. 
 
 (26) Licenses and Permits . Each Mortgagor covenants in the Purchased Asset Documents that it shall keep all material licenses, permits, franchises, certificates of occupancy, consents and applicable governmental authorizations necessary for its operation of the Underlying Mortgaged Property in full force and effect, and to Seller s knowledge based upon a letter from any government authorities or other affirmative investigation of local law compliance consistent with the investigation conducted by Seller for similar commercial, multifamily and manufactured housing community mortgage loans intended for securitization, all such material licenses, permits and applicable governmental authorizations are in effect. The Purchased Asset Documents require the related Mortgagor to be qualified to do business in the jurisdiction in which the related Underlying Mortgaged Property is located and for the Mortgagor and the Underlying Mortgaged Property to be in compliance in all material respects with all regulations, zoning and building laws. 

(27) Recourse Obligations . The Purchased Asset Documents for each Purchased Asset provide that such Purchased Asset is non-recourse to the related parties thereto except that: (a) the related Mortgagor and a guarantor (which is a natural person or persons, or an entity distinct from the Mortgagor (but may be affiliated with Mortgagor) that has assets other than equity in the related Underlying Mortgaged property that are not de minimis shall be fully liable for losses, liabilities, costs and damages arising from certain acts of the related Mortgagor and/or its principals specified in the related Purchased Asset Documents, which acts generally include the following: 

(i) acts of fraud or intentional material misrepresentation, (ii) misappropriation of rents (following an event of default), insurance proceeds or condemnation awards, (iii) intentional material physical waste of the Underlying Mortgaged Property, (iv) intentional misconduct and (v) any breach of the environmental covenants contained in the related Loan Documents, and (b) the Purchased Asset shall become full recourse to the related Mortgagor and a guarantor (which is a natural person or persons, or an entity distinct from the Mortgagor (but may be affiliated with Mortgagor) that has assets other than equity in the related Underlying Mortgaged Property that are not de minimis ), upon any of the following events: (i) if any petition for bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or liquidation pursuant to federal bankruptcy law, or nay similar federal or state law, shall be filed, consented to, or acquiesced in by the Mortgagor, (ii) Mortgagor and/or its principals shall have colluded with other creditors to cause an involuntary bankruptcy filing with respect to the Mortgagor or (iii) upon the transfer of either the Underlying Mortgaged Property or equity interests in Mortgagor made in violation of the Purchased Asset Documents. 
 
 (28) Mortgage Releases . The terms of the related Mortgage or related Purchased Asset Documents do not provide for release of any material portion of the Underlying Mortgaged Property from the lien of the Mortgage except (a) a partial release, accompanied by principal repayment of not less than a specified percentage at least equal to the lesser of (i) 115 of the related allocated loan amount of such portion of the Underlying Mortgaged Property and (ii) the outstanding principal balance of the Purchased Asset, (b) upon payment in full of such Purchased Asset, (c) releases of out-parcels that are unimproved or other portions of the Underlying Mortgaged Property which 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 will not have a material adverse effect on the underwritten value of the Underlying Mortgaged Property and which were not afforded any material value in the appraisal obtained at the origination of the Purchased Asset and are not necessary for physical access to the Underlying Mortgaged Property or compliance with zoning requirements, or (d) as required pursuant to an order of condemnation. With respect to any partial release under the preceding clause (a) or (d) , either: (i) such release of collateral (A) would not constitute a significant modification of the subject Purchased Asset within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.860G-2(b)(2) and 
 (B) would not cause the subject Purchased Asset to fail to be a qualified mortgage within the meaning of Section 860G(a)(3)(A) of the Code; or (ii) the mortgagee or servicer can, in accordance with the related Purchased Asset Documents, condition such release of collateral on the related Mortgagor s delivery of an opinion of tax counsel to the effect specified in the immediately preceding clause (i). For purposes of the preceding clause (i) , if the fair market value of the real property constituting such Underlying Mortgaged Property after the release is not equal to at least 80 of the principal balance of the Purchased Asset outstanding after the release, the Mortgagor is required to make a payment of principal in an amount not less than the amount required by the provisions governing a real estate mortgage investment conduit as defined in Section 860D of the Code (the REMIC Provisions ). 
 
 In the event of a taking of any portion of a Underlying Mortgaged Property by a State or any political subdivision or authority thereof, whether by legal proceeding or by agreement, the Mortgagor can be required to pay down the principal balance of the Purchased Asset in an amount not less than the amount required by the REMIC Provisions and, to such extent, awards are not required to be applied to the restoration of the Underlying Mortgaged Property or to be released to the Mortgagor, if, immediately after the release of such portion of the Underlying Mortgaged Property from the lien of the Mortgage (but taking into account the planned restoration) the fair market value of the real property constituting the remaining Underlying Mortgaged Property is not equal to at least 80 of the remaining principal balance of the Purchased Asset. 
 
 No such Purchased Asset that is secured by more than one Underlying Mortgaged Property or that is cross-collateralized with another Purchased Asset permits the release of cross- collateralization of the related Mortgaged Properties, other than in compliance with the REMIC Provisions. 
 
 (29) Financial Reporting and Rent Rolls . The Purchased Asset Documents for each Purchased Asset require the Mortgagor to provide the owner or holder of the Mortgage with quarterly (other than for single-tenant properties) and annual operating statements, and quarterly (other than for single- tenant properties) rent rolls for properties that have leases contributing more than 5 of the in- place base rent and annual financial statements, which annual financial statements with respect to each Purchased Asset with more than one Mortgagor are in the form of an annual combined balance sheet of the Mortgagor entities (and no other entities), together with the related combined statements of operations, members capital and cash flows, including a combining balance sheet and statement of income for the Mortgaged Properties on a combined basis. 

(30) Acts of Terrorism Exclusion . With respect to each Purchased Asset over 20 million, the related special-form all-risk insurance policy and business interruption policy (issued by an insurer meeting the Insurance Rating Requirements) do not specifically exclude Acts of Terrorism, as defined in the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002, as amended by the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2007 (collectively, the TRIA ), from coverage, or if such coverage is excluded, it is covered by a separate terrorism insurance policy. With respect to each other Purchased Asset, the related special-form all-risk insurance policy and business 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 interruption policy (issued by an insurer meeting the Insurance Rating Requirements) does not specifically exclude Acts of Terrorism, as defined in TRIA, from coverage, or if such coverage is excluded, it is covered by a separate terrorism insurance policy. With respect to each Purchased Asset, the related Purchased Asset Documents do not expressly waive or prohibit the mortgagee from requiring coverage for Acts of Terrorism, as defined in the TRIA, or damages related thereto except to the extent that any right to require such coverage may be limited by commercial availability on commercially reasonable terms; provided , however , that if the TRIA or a similar or subsequent statute is not in effect, then, provided that terrorism insurance is commercially available, the Mortgagor under each Purchased Asset is required to carry terrorism insurance, but in such event the Mortgagor shall not be required to spend on terrorism insurance coverage more than two times the amount of the insurance premium that is payable in respect of the property and business interruption/rental loss insurance required under the related Purchased Asset Documents (without giving effect to the cost of terrorism and earthquake components of such casualty and business interruption/rental loss insurance) at the time of the origination of the Purchased Asset, and if the cost of terrorism insurance exceeds such amount, the borrower is required to purchase the maximum amount of terrorism insurance available with funds equal to such amount. 
 
 (31) Due on Sale or Encumbrance . Subject to specific exceptions set forth below, each Purchased Asset contains a due on sale or other such provision for the acceleration of the payment of the unpaid principal balance of such Purchased Asset if, without the consent of the holder of the Mortgage (which consent, in some cases, may not be unreasonably withheld) and/or complying with the requirements of the related Purchased Asset Documents (which provide for transfers without the consent of the lender which are customarily acceptable to prudent commercial and multifamily mortgage lending institutions on the security of property comparable to the related Underlying Mortgaged Property, including, without limitation, transfers of worn-out or obsolete furnishings, fixtures, or equipment promptly replaced with property of equivalent value and functionality and transfers by leases entered into in accordance with the Purchased Asset Documents), (a) the related Underlying Mortgaged Property, or any equity interest of greater than 50 in the related Mortgagor, is directly or indirectly pledged, transferred or sold, other than as related to (i) family and estate planning transfers or transfers upon death or legal incapacity, (ii) transfers to certain affiliates as defined in the related Purchased Asset Documents, (iii) transfers that do not result in a change of Control of the related Mortgagor or transfers of passive interests so long as the guarantor retains Control, (iv) transfers to another holder of direct or indirect equity in the Mortgagor, a specific Person designated in the related Purchased Asset Documents or a Person satisfying specific criteria identified in the related Purchased Asset Documents, such as a qualified equityholder, (v) transfers of stock or similar equity units in publicly traded companies or (vi) a substitution or release of collateral within the parameters of Paragraph (28) herein, or 

(vii) to the extent set forth in any Exception Report, by reason of any mezzanine debt that existed at the origination of the related Purchased Asset, or future permitted mezzanine debt in each case as set forth in any Exception Report or (b) the related Underlying Mortgaged Property is encumbered with a subordinate lien or security interest against the related Underlying Mortgaged Property, other than any Permitted Encumbrances. The Mortgage or other Purchased Asset Documents provide that to the extent any rating agency fees are incurred in connection with the review of and consent to any transfer or encumbrance, the Mortgagor is responsible for such payment along with all other reasonable fees and expenses incurred by the Mortgagee relative to such transfer or encumbrance. For purposes of the foregoing representation, Control means the power to direct the management and policies of an entity, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities or other beneficial interests, by contract or otherwise. 
 
 (32) Single-Purpose Entity . Each Purchased Asset requires the borrower to be a Single-Purpose Entity for at least as long as the Purchased Asset is outstanding. Both the Purchased Asset Documents 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 and the organizational documents of the Mortgagor with respect to each Purchased Asset with a principal amount on the Purchase Date of 5 million or more provide that the borrower is a Single-Purpose Entity, and each Purchased Asset with a principal amount on the Purchase Date of 
 20 million or more has a counsel s opinion regarding non-consolidation of the Mortgagor. For purposes of this Paragraph (32) , a Single-Purpose Entity shall mean an entity, other than an individual, whose organizational documents provide substantially to the effect that it was formed or organized solely for the purpose of owning and operating one or more of the Mortgaged Properties securing the Purchased Assets and prohibit it from engaging in any business unrelated to such Underlying Mortgaged Property or Properties, and whose organizational documents further provide, or which entity represented in the related Purchased Asset Documents, substantially to the effect that it does not have any assets other than those related to its interest in and operation of such Underlying Mortgaged Property or Properties, or any indebtedness other than as permitted by the related Mortgage(s) or the other related Purchased Asset Documents, that it has its own books and records and accounts separate and apart from those of any other person, and that it holds itself out as a legal entity, separate and apart from any other person or entity. 
 
 (33) Intentionally Omitted . 

(34) Ground Leases . For purposes of this Exhibit III , a Ground Lease shall mean a lease creating a leasehold estate in real property where the fee owner as the ground lessor conveys for a term or terms of years its entire interest in the land and buildings and other improvements, if any, comprising the premises demised under such lease to the ground lessee (who may, in certain circumstances, own the building and improvements on the land), subject to the reversionary interest of the ground lessor as fee owner and does not include industrial development agency (IDA) or similar leases for purposes of conferring a tax abatement or other benefit. 

With respect to any Purchased Asset where the Purchased Asset is secured by a leasehold estate under a Ground Lease in whole or in part, and the related Mortgage does not also encumber the related lessor s fee interest in such Underlying Mortgaged Property, based upon the terms of the Ground Lease and any estoppel or other agreement received from the ground lessor in favor of Seller, its successors and assigns, Seller represents and warrants that: 
 
 (a) (i) the Ground Lease or a memorandum regarding such Ground Lease has been duly recorded or submitted for recordation in a form that is acceptable for recording in the applicable jurisdiction; (ii) the Ground Lease or an estoppel or other agreement received from the ground lessor permits the interest of the lessee to be encumbered by the related Mortgage and does not restrict the use of the related Underlying Mortgaged Property by such lessee, its successors or assigns in a manner that would materially adversely affect the security provided by the related Mortgage and (iii) no material change in the terms of the Ground Lease had occurred since its recordation, except by any written instrument which are included in the related Purchased Asset File; 

(b) the lessor under such Ground Lease has agreed in a writing included in the related Purchased Asset File (or in such Ground Lease) that the Ground Lease may not be amended or modified, or canceled or terminated, without the prior written consent of the lender (except termination or cancellation if (i) notice of a default under the Ground Lease is provided to lender and (ii) such default is curable by lender as provided in the Ground Lease but remains uncured beyond the applicable cure period), and no such consent has been granted by Seller since the origination of the Purchased Asset except as reflected in any written instruments which are included in the related Purchased Asset File; 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (c) the Ground Lease has an original term (or an original term plus one or more optional renewal terms, which, under all circumstances, may be exercised, and will be enforceable, by either Mortgagor or the mortgagee) that extends not less than 20 years beyond the stated maturity of the related Purchased Asset, or 10 years past the stated maturity if such Purchased Asset fully amortizes by the stated maturity (or with respect to a Purchased Asset that accrues on an actual 360 basis, substantially amortizes); 

(d) the Ground Lease either (i) is not subject to any liens or encumbrances superior to, or of equal priority with, the Mortgage, except for the related fee interest of the ground lessor and the Permitted Encumbrances, or (ii) is subject to a subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreement to which the mortgagee on the lessor s fee interest in the Underlying Mortgaged Property is subject; 

(e) the Ground Lease does not place commercially unreasonable restrictions on the identity of the mortgagee and the Ground Lease is assignable to the holder of the Purchased Asset and its successors and assigns without the consent of the lessor thereunder, and in the event it is so assigned, it is further assignable by the holder of the Purchased Asset and its successors and assigns without the consent of the lessor; 

(f) Seller has not received any written notice of material default under or notice of termination of such Ground Lease and, to Seller s knowledge, there is no material default under such Ground Lease and no condition that, but for the passage of time or giving of notice, would result in a material default under the terms of such Ground Lease and to Seller s knowledge, such Ground Lease is in full force and effect; 

(g) the Ground Lease or ancillary agreement between the lessor and the lessee requires the lessor to give to the lender written notice of any default, and provides that no notice of default or termination is effective against the lender unless such notice is given to the lender; 

(h) a lender is permitted a reasonable opportunity (including, where necessary, sufficient time to gain possession of the interest of the lessee under the Ground Lease through legal proceedings) to cure any default under the Ground Lease which is curable after the lender s receipt of notice of any default before the lessor may terminate the Ground Lease; 

(i) the Ground Lease does not impose any restrictions on subletting that would be viewed as commercially unreasonable by a prudent commercial mortgage lender; 

(j) under the terms of the Ground Lease, an estoppel or other agreement received from the ground lessor and the related Mortgage (taken together), any related insurance proceeds or the portion of the condemnation award allocable to the ground lessee s interest (other than (i) de minimis amounts for minor casualties or (ii) in respect of a total or substantially total loss or taking as addressed in Paragraph (34)(k) below) will be applied either to the repair or to restoration of all or part of the related Underlying Mortgaged Property with (so long as such proceeds are in excess of the threshold amount specified in the related Purchased Asset Documents) the lender or a trustee appointed by it having the right to hold and disburse such proceeds as repair or restoration progresses, or to the payment of the outstanding principal balance of the Purchased Asset, together with any accrued interest; 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (k) in the case of a total or substantially total taking or loss, under the terms of the Ground Lease, an estoppel or other agreement and the related Mortgage (taken together), any related insurance proceeds, or portion of the condemnation award allocable to ground lessee s interest in respect of a total or substantially total loss or taking of the related Underlying Mortgaged Property to the extent not applied to restoration, will be applied first to the payment of the outstanding principal balance of the Purchased Asset, together with any accrued interest; and 

(l) provided that the lender cures any defaults which are susceptible to being cured, the ground lessor has agreed to enter into a new lease with the lender upon termination of the Ground Lease for any reason, including rejection of the Ground Lease in a bankruptcy proceeding. 

(35) Servicing . The servicing and collection practices used by Seller with respect to the Purchased Asset have been, in all material respects, legal and have met customary industry standards for servicing of similar commercial loans. 

(36) Origination and Underwriting . The origination practices of Seller (or the related originator if Seller was not the originator) with respect to each Purchased Asset have been, in all material respects, legal and as of the date of its origination, such Purchased Asset and the origination thereof complied in all material respects with, or was exempt from, all requirements of federal, state or local laws and regulations relating to the origination of such Purchased Asset. At the time of origination of such Purchased Asset, the origination, due diligence and underwriting performed by or on behalf of Seller in connection with each Purchased Asset complied in all material respects with the terms, conditions and requirements of Seller s origination, due diligence, underwriting procedures, guidelines and standards for similar commercial and multifamily loans. 

(37) Rent Rolls; Operating Histories . Seller has obtained a rent roll (other than with respect to hospitality properties) certified by the related Mortgagor or the related guarantor(s) as accurate and complete in all material respects as of a date within 180 days of the date of origination of the related Purchased Asset. Seller has obtained operating histories (the Certified Operating Histories with respect to each Underlying Mortgaged Property certified by the related Mortgagor or the related guarantor(s) as accurate and complete in all material respects as of a date within 180 days of the date of origination of the related Purchased Asset. The Certified Operating Histories collectively report on operations for a period equal to (a) at least a continuous three-year period or (b) in the event the Underlying Mortgaged Property was owned, operated or constructed by the Mortgagor or an affiliate for less than three years then for such shorter period of time. 

(38) No Material Default; Payment Record . No Purchased Asset has been more than 30 days delinquent, without giving effect to any grace or cure period, in making required payments since origination, and as of the Purchased Date, no Purchased Asset is delinquent (beyond any applicable grace or cure period) in making required payments. To Seller s knowledge, there is (a) no, and since origination there has been no, material default, breach, violation or event of acceleration existing under the related Purchased Asset Documents, or (b) no event (other than payments due but not yet delinquent) which, with the passage of time or with notice and the expiration of any grace or cure period, would constitute a material default, breach, violation or event of acceleration, which default, breach, violation or event of acceleration, in the case of either clause (a) or (b) , materially and adversely affects the value of the Purchased Asset, or the value, use or operation of the related Underlying Mortgaged Property, provided , however , that this Paragraph (38) does not cover any default, breach, violation or event of acceleration that 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 specifically pertains to or arises out of an exception scheduled to any other representation and warranty made by Seller in any Exception Report. No person other than the holder of such Purchased Asset may declare any event of default under the Purchased Asset or accelerate any indebtedness under the Purchased Asset Documents. 
 
 (39) Bankruptcy . As of the date of origination of the related Purchased Asset and to Seller s knowledge as of the Purchase Date, neither the Underlying Mortgaged Property nor any portion thereof is the subject of, and no Mortgagor, guarantor or tenant occupying a single-tenant property is a debtor in state or federal bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding. 

(40) Organization of Mortgagor . With respect to each Purchased Asset, in reliance on certified copies of the organizational documents of the Mortgagor delivered by the Mortgagor in connection with the origination of such Purchased Asset, the Mortgagor is an entity organized under the laws of a state of the United States of America, the District of Columbia or the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. No Purchased Asset has a Mortgagor that is an Affiliate of another borrower. 

Seller has obtained an organizational chart or other description of each Mortgagor which identifies all beneficial controlling owners of the Mortgagor (i.e., managing members, general partners or similar controlling person for such Mortgagor) (the Controlling Owner and all owners that hold a 20 or greater direct ownership share (the Major Sponsors ). Seller (a) required questionnaires to be completed by each Controlling Owner and guarantor or performed other processes designed to elicit information from each Controlling Owner and guarantor regarding such Controlling Owner s or guarantor s prior history regarding any bankruptcies or other insolvencies, any felony convictions, and (b) performed or caused to be performed searches of the public records or services such as Lexis/Nexis, or a similar service designed to elicit information about each Controlling Owner, Major Sponsor and guarantor regarding such Controlling Owner s, Major Sponsor s or guarantor s prior history regarding any bankruptcies or other insolvencies, any felony convictions, and provided , however , that manual public records searches were limited to the last 10 years clauses (a) and (b) collectively, the Sponsor Diligence ). Based solely on the Sponsor Diligence, to the knowledge of Seller, no Major Sponsor or guarantor (i) was in a state or federal bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, (ii) had a prior record of having been in a state of federal bankruptcy or insolvency, or (iii) had been convicted of a felony. 
 
 (41) Environmental Conditions . At origination, each Mortgagor represented and warranted that to its knowledge no hazardous materials or any other substances or materials which are included under or regulated by Environmental Laws are located on, or have been handled, manufactured, generated, stored, processed, or disposed of on or released or discharged from the Underlying Mortgaged Property, except for those substances commonly used in the operation and maintenance of properties of kind and nature similar to those of the Underlying Mortgaged Property in compliance with all Environmental Laws and in a manner that does not result in contamination of the Underlying Mortgaged Property or in a material adverse effect on the value, use or operations of the Underlying Mortgaged Property. 

A Phase I environmental site assessment (or update of a previous Phase I and or Phase II site assessment) and, with respect to certain Purchased Assets, a Phase II environmental site assessment (collectively, an ESA meeting ASTM requirements was conducted by a reputable environmental consultant in connection with such Purchased Asset within 12 months prior to its origination date (or an update of a previous ESA was prepared), and such ESA either (i) did not identify the existence of recognized environmental conditions as such term is defined in ASTM E1527-05 or its successor (the Environmental Conditions at the related Underlying Mortgaged 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Property or the need for further investigation with respect to any Environmental Condition that was identified, or (ii) if the existence of an Environmental Condition or need for further investigation was indicated in any such ESA, then at least one of the following statements is true: 
 (A) an amount reasonably estimated by a reputable environmental consultant to be sufficient to cover the estimated cost to cure any material noncompliance with applicable environmental laws or the Environmental Condition has been escrowed by the related Mortgagor and is held or controlled by the related lender; (B) if the only Environmental Condition relates to the presence of asbestos-containing materials, radon in indoor air, lead based paint or lead in drinking water, and the only recommended action in the ESA is the institution of such a plan, an operations or maintenance plan has been required to be instituted by the related Mortgagor that can reasonably be expected to mitigate the identified risk; (C) the Environmental Condition identified in the related environmental report was remediated or abated in all material respects prior to the date hereof, and, if and as appropriate, a no further action or closure letter was obtained from the applicable governmental regulatory authority (or the Environmental Condition affecting the related Underlying Mortgaged Property was otherwise listed by such governmental authority as closed or a reputable environmental consultant has concluded that no further action is required); (D) a secured creditor environmental policy or a pollution legal liability insurance policy that covers liability for the Environmental Condition was obtained from an insurer rated no less than A- (or the equivalent) by Moody s, Standard Poor s and/or Fitch, Inc.; (E) a party not related to the Mortgagor was identified as the responsible party for such Environmental Condition and such responsible party has financial resources reasonably estimated to be adequate to address the situation; or (F) a party related to the Mortgagor having financial resources reasonably estimated to be adequate to address the situation is required to take action. To Seller s knowledge, except as set forth in the ESA, there is no Environmental Condition (as such term is defined in ASTM E1527-05 or its successor) at the related Underlying Mortgaged Property. 
 
 In the case of each Purchased Asset with respect to which there is an environmental insurance policy (the Environmental Insurance Policy ), (i) such Environmental Insurance has been issued by the issuer set forth in the related Exception Report (the Policy Issuer and is effective as of the Purchase Date, (ii) as of origination and to Seller s knowledge as of the Purchase Date the Environmental Insurance Policy is in full force and effect, there is no deductible and Seller is a named insured under such policy, (iii) (A) a property condition or engineering report was prepared, if the related Underlying Mortgaged Property was constructed prior to 1985, with respect to asbestos-containing materials ACM and, if the related Underlying Mortgaged Property is a multifamily property, with respect to radon gas RG and lead-based paint LBP ), and (B) if such report disclosed the existence of a material and adverse LBP, ACM or RG environmental condition or circumstance affecting the related Underlying Mortgaged Property, the related Mortgagor (1) was required to remediate the identified condition prior to closing the Purchased Asset or provide additional security or establish with the mortgagee a reserve in an amount deemed to be sufficient by Seller, for the remediation of the problem, and/or 
 (2) agreed in the Purchased Asset Documents to establish an operations and maintenance plan after the closing of the Purchased Asset that should reasonably be expected to mitigate the environmental risk related to the identified LBP, ACM or RG condition, (iv) on the effective date of the Environmental Insurance Policy, Seller as originator had no knowledge of any material and adverse environmental condition or circumstance affecting the Underlying Mortgaged Property (other than the existence of LBP, ACM or RG) that was not disclosed to the Policy Issuer in one or more of the following: (A) the application for insurance, (B) a Mortgagor questionnaire that was provided to the Policy Issuer, or (C) an engineering or other report provided to the Policy Issuer, and (v) the premium of any Environmental Insurance Policy has been paid through the maturity of the policy s term and the term of such policy extends at least five years beyond the maturity of the Purchased Asset. 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (42) Lease Estoppels . With respect to each Purchased Asset secured by retail, office or industrial properties, Seller requested the related Mortgagor to obtain estoppels from each commercial tenant with respect to the rent roll delivered as of the origination date. With respect to each Purchased Asset predominantly secured by a retail, office or industrial property leased to a single tenant, Seller reviewed such estoppel obtained from such tenant no earlier than 90 days prior to the origination date of the related Purchased Asset, and to Seller s knowledge, (i) the related lease is in full force and effect and (ii) there exists no default under such lease, either by the lessee thereunder or by the lessor subject, in each case, to customary reservations of tenant s rights, such as with respect to common area maintenance CAM and pass-through audits and verification of landlord s compliance with co-tenancy provisions. With respect to each Purchased Asset predominantly secured by a retail, office or industrial property, Seller has received lease estoppels executed within 90 days of the origination date of the related Purchased Asset that collectively account for at least 65 of the in-place base rent for the Underlying Mortgaged Property that secure a Purchased Asset that is represented as of the origination date. To Seller s knowledge, (i) each lease represented on the rent roll delivered as of the origination date is in full force and effect and (ii) there exists no material default under any such related lease that represents 20 or more of the in-place base rent for the Underlying Mortgaged Property either by the lessee thereunder or by the related Mortgagor, subject, in each case, to customary reservations of tenant s rights, such as with respect to CAM and pass-through audits and verification of landlord s compliance with co-tenancy provisions. 

(43) Appraisal . The Purchased Asset File contains an appraisal of the related Underlying Mortgaged Property with an appraisal date within six months of the Purchased Asset origination date, and within 12 months of the Purchase Date. The appraisal is signed by an appraiser who is a Member of the Appraisal Institute. Each appraiser has represented in such appraisal or in a supplemental letter that the appraisal satisfies the requirements of the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice as adopted by the Appraisal Standards Board of the Appraisal Foundation and has certified that such appraiser had no interest, direct or indirect, in the Underlying Mortgaged Property or the borrower or in any loan made on the security thereof, and its compensation is not affected by the approval or disapproval of the Purchased Asset. 

(44) Purchased Asset Schedule . The information pertaining to each Purchased Asset which is set forth in the Purchased Asset Schedule is true and correct in all material respects as of the Purchased Date and contains all information required by the Repurchase Agreement to be contained therein. 

(45) Cross-Collateralization . No Purchased Asset is cross-collateralized or cross-defaulted with any other mortgage loan. 

(46) Advance of Funds by Seller . After origination, no advance of funds has been made by Seller to the related Mortgagor other than in accordance with the Purchased Asset Documents, and, to Seller s knowledge, no funds have been received from any person other than the related Mortgagor or an affiliate for, or on account of, payments due on the Purchased Asset (other than as contemplated by the Purchased Asset Documents, such as, by way of example and not in limitation of the foregoing, amounts paid by the tenant(s) into a lender-controlled lockbox if required or contemplated under the related lease or Purchased Asset Documents). Neither Seller nor any affiliate thereof has any obligation to make any capital contribution to any Mortgagor under a Purchased Asset, other than contributions made on or prior to the date hereof. 

(47) Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Laws . Seller has complied in all material respects with the Prescribed Laws. Seller has established an anti-money laundering compliance program as required by the Prescribed Laws, has conducted the requisite due diligence in connection with the 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 origination of the Purchased Asset for purposes of the Prescribed Laws, including with respect to the legitimacy of the applicable Mortgagor and the origin of the assets used by the said Mortgagor to purchase the property in question, and maintains, and will maintain, sufficient information to identify the applicable Mortgagor for purposes of the Prescribed Laws. 
 
 (48) OFAC . (a) No Purchased Asset is (i) subject to nullification pursuant to Executive Order 13224 or the regulations promulgated by OFAC (the OFAC Regulations or (ii) in violation of Executive Order 13224 or the OFAC Regulations, and (b) no Mortgagor is (i) subject to the provisions of Executive Order 13224 or the OFAC Regulations or (ii) listed as a blocked person for purposes of the OFAC Regulations. 

(49) Floating Interest Rates . Each Purchased Asset bears interest at a floating rate of interest that is based on Term SOFR plus a margin (which interest rate may be subject to a minimum or floor rate). 

(50) Prior Asset Pledges/Sales . No Purchased Asset has been pledged as collateral to any lender in connection with any loan or sold to any buyer in connection with a repurchase or other facility. 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 EXHIBIT VI 
 
 ADVANCE PROCEDURES 
 
 (a) Submission of Due Diligence Package . Seller shall deliver to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, a due diligence package for Administrative Agent s review and approval, which shall contain the following items (the Due Diligence Package ): 

1. Delivery of Purchased Asset Documents . With respect to a New Asset that is a Pre- Existing Asset, each of the Purchased Asset Documents. 

2. Transaction-Specific Due Diligence Materials . With respect to any New Asset, a summary memorandum outlining the proposed transaction, including potential transaction benefits and all material underwriting risks, all Underwriting Issues and all other characteristics of the proposed transaction that a reasonable buyer would consider material, together with the following due diligence information relating to the New Asset: 

A. With respect to each Eligible Asset: 
 
 (i) a current rent roll and roll over schedule, if applicable; 

(ii) a cash flow pro forma, plus historical operating statements, if available; 

(iii) flood certification (or the equivalent in the applicable jurisdiction); 

(iv) if available, maps and photos; 

(v) copies of valuation, environmental, engineering and any other third party reports; provided , that, if same are not available to Seller at the time of Seller s submission of the Due Diligence Package to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, Seller shall deliver such items to Administrative Agent promptly upon Seller s receipt of such items; 

(vi) a description of the underlying real estate directly or indirectly securing or supporting such Purchased Asset and the ownership structure of the borrower and the sponsor; 

(vii) indicative debt service coverage ratios; 

(viii) indicative loan-to-value ratios; 

(ix) indicative debt yield ratios; 

(x) a term sheet outlining the transaction generally; 

(xi) a description of the Mortgagor, including experience with other projects (real estate owned), its ownership structure and financial statements; 

(xii) a description of Seller s relationship with the Mortgagor, if any; 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (xiii) copies of documents evidencing such New Asset, or current drafts thereof, including, without limitation, underlying debt and security documents, guaranties, the underlying borrower s and guarantor s organizational documents, warrant agreements, and loan and collateral pledge agreements, as applicable, provided that, if same are not available to Seller at the time of Seller s submission of the Due Diligence Package to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, Seller shall deliver such items to Administrative Agent promptly upon Seller s receipt of such items; 

(xiv) any exceptions to the representations and warranties set forth in Exhibit V to this Agreement. 

3. Environmental and Engineering . A Phase 1 (and, if applicable, Phase 2 environmental report, an asbestos survey, if applicable, and an engineering report, each in form reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, by an engineer or environmental consultant reasonably approved by Administrative Agent. 

4. Credit Memorandum . Copies of all internal credit analysis, including, without limitation, investment committee memoranda, credit memoranda, asset summaries or other similar documents that detail, among other things, cash flow underwriting, historical operating numbers, underwriting footnotes, rent roll and lease rollover schedule. 

5. Appraisal . An Appraisal acceptable to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, which Appraisal shall be dated less than one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the proposed Purchase Date. 

6. Opinions of Counsel . Opinion letters to Seller and its successors and assigns from counsels to Seller and the underlying obligor, as applicable, on the underlying loan transaction, as to enforceability of the loan documents governing such transaction and such other matters as Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall require (including, without limitation, opinions as to due formation, authority, choice of law, and perfection of security interests). 

7. Additional Real Estate Matters . To the extent obtained by Seller from the Mortgagor relating to any Eligible Asset at the origination of the Eligible Asset, such other real estate related certificates and documentation as may have been requested by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers. 

8. Other Documents . Any other documents as Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, or its counsel shall reasonably deem necessary. 

(b) Submission of Legal Documents . With respect to a New Asset that is an Originated Asset, no less than seven (7) calendar days (or such other time as may be mutually acceptable to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and Seller) prior to the proposed Purchase Date, Seller shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to counsel for Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, the following items, where applicable: 

1. Copies of all draft Purchased Asset Documents in substantially final form, blacklined against the approved form Purchased Asset Documents. 

2. Certificates or other evidence of insurance demonstrating insurance coverage in respect of the underlying real estate directly or indirectly securing or supporting such Purchased 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Asset, if applicable, of types, in amounts, with insurers and otherwise in compliance with the terms, provisions and conditions set forth in the Purchased Asset Documents, in each case satisfactory to Administrative Agent. 
 
 3. All surveys of the underlying real estate directly or indirectly securing or supporting such Purchased Asset that are in Seller s possession. 

4. As reasonably requested by Administrative Agent, satisfactory reports of tax lien, judgment and litigation searches and other searches customarily required in the relevant jurisdiction, conducted by search firms which are reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent with respect to the Eligible Asset, underlying real estate directly or indirectly securing or supporting such Eligible Asset, Seller and Mortgagor, such searches to be conducted in each location Administrative Agent shall reasonably designate. 

5. Certifications that the property is in compliance with all applicable licensing and zoning laws, each issued by the appropriate Governmental Authority. 

(c) Approval of Eligible Asset . Conditioned upon the timely and satisfactory completion of Seller s requirements in clauses (a) and (b) above, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, shall (1) notify Seller in writing (which may take the form of electronic mail format) that Administrative Agent has not approved the proposed Eligible Asset as a Purchased Asset or (2) notify Seller in writing (which may take the form of electronic mail format) that Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, has approved the proposed Eligible Asset as a Purchased Asset. 

(d) Assignment Documents . Seller shall have executed and delivered to Administrative Agent in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent and its counsel, all applicable assignment documents executed in blank with respect to the proposed Eligible Asset that shall be subject to no liens except as expressly permitted by Administrative Agent. Each of the assignment documents shall contain such representations and warranties in writing concerning the proposed Eligible Asset and such other terms as shall be satisfactory to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in its sole discretion, and shall include blacklined copies of each document, showing all changes made to the forms of assignment documents that have been approved in advance by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers. 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 EXHIBIT VII 
 
 FORM OF MARGIN DEFICIT NOTICE 

[DATE] 

VIA ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION 
 
 CMTG GS FINANCE LLC 
 [ 	 ] 
 [ 	 ] 
 [ 		 ] Attention:	[ 		 ] 
 
 Re: Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time, the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement) by and among GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank, as administrative agent (in such capacity, together with its permitted successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent for GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state- chartered bank (in such capacity, and together with such other financial institutions from time to time party thereto and their respective successors and assigns, collectively Buyers and individually, each a Buyer ), Buyers and CMTG GS FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Seller ). 
 
 Pursuant to Article 4(a) of the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, Administrative Agent hereby notifies Seller of the existence of a Margin Deficit as of the date hereof as follows: 
 
 Purchase Price for certain Purchased Asset:	 	 
 
 MARGIN DEFICIT:	 	 
 Accrued Price Differential from [	] to [	]:	 	 
 
 TOTAL WIRE DUE:	 	 

SELLER IS REQUIRED TO CURE THE MARGIN DEFICIT SPECIFIED ABOVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE MASTER REPURCHASE AND SECURITIES CONTRACT AGREEMENT AND WITHIN THE TIME PERIOD SPECIFIED ARTICLE 4(a) THEREOF. 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 X-1 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York 
 state-chartered bank 

By: 		 Name: 
 Title: 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

X-2 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 EXHIBIT VIII 
 EXHIBIT VIII-A FORM OF 
 U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 (For Foreign Assignees That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 
 Reference is hereby made to Article 14(k) of the Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2022 (the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement ), by and among GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank, as Administrative Agent, GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank and such other financial institutions from time to time party thereto, as Buyers, and CMTG GS FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Seller. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement. 
 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the ownership interest in the Transaction(s) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the applicable Seller(s) within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the applicable Seller(s) as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 
 The undersigned has furnished the applicable Seller(s) with a correct, complete, and accurate executed IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that 
 (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the applicable Seller(s), and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the applicable Seller(s) with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE] 

By: 		 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Date: 	 , 202[ 	 ] 

X-3 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 EXHIBIT VIII-B 
 
 FORM OF 
 U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 
 Reference is hereby made to Article 14(k) of the Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2022 (the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement ), by and by and among GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state- chartered bank, as Administrative Agent, GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank and such other financial institutions from time to time party thereto, as Buyers, and CMTG GS FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Seller. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement. 
 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the ownership interest in the Transaction(s) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the applicable Seller(s) within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the applicable Seller(s) as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 
 The undersigned has furnished the applicable Buyer or Assignee with a correct, complete, and accurate executed IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Buyer or Assignee in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Buyer or Assignee with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT] 

By: 		 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Date: 	 , 202[ 	 ] 

X-4 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 EXHIBIT VIII-C 
 
 FORM OF 
 U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 
 Reference is hereby made to Article 14(k) of the Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2022 (the Master Repurchase and Securities Agreement ), by and by and among GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank, as Administrative Agent, GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank and such other financial institutions from time to time party thereto, as Buyers, and CMTG GS FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Seller. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement. 
 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the ownership interest in the Transaction(s) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such interest, (iii) with respect such interest, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the applicable Seller(s) within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the applicable Seller(s) as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 
 The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the applicable Buyer, or Assignee with a correct, complete, and accurate executed IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W- 8BEN or W-8BEN-E from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform Administrative Agent, on behalf of such Buyer, or Assignee and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished Administrative Agent, on behalf of the such Buyer, or Assignee with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT] 

By: 		 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Date: 	 , 202[ 	 ] 

X-5 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 EXHIBIT VIII-D 
 
 FORM OF 
 U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 (For Foreign Assignees That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 
 Reference is hereby made to Article 14(k) of the Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2022 (the Master Repurchase and Securities Agreement ), by and by and among GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank, as Administrative Agent, GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank and such other financial institutions from time to time party thereto, as Buyers, and CMTG GS FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Seller. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement. 
 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the ownership interest in the Transaction(s) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such interest, (iii) with respect to such interest, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the applicable Seller(s) within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the applicable Seller(s) as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 
 The undersigned has furnished the applicable Seller(s) with a correct, complete, and accurate executed IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or W- 8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the applicable Seller(s), and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the applicable Seller(s) with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE] 

By: 		 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Date: 	 , 202[ 	 ] 

X-6 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 EXHIBIT IX 
 
 FORM OF COVENANT COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 
 [	] [ ], 202[ ] 
 
 GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA 
 200 West Street 
 New York, New York 10282 Attention:	Mr. Jeffrey Dawkins 

This Covenant Compliance Certificate is furnished pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2022 by and among GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank, as administrative agent (in such capacity, together with its permitted successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent for GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank (in such capacity, and together with such other financial institutions from time to time party thereto and their respective successors and assigns, collectively Buyers and individually, each a Buyer ), Buyers and CMTG GS FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Seller (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time, the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement ). Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Covenant Compliance Certificate have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement. 
 
 THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT: 
 
 1. I am a duly elected Responsible Officer. 

2. All of the financial statements, calculations and other information set forth in this Covenant Compliance Certificate, including, without limitation, in any exhibit or other attachment hereto, are true, complete and correct as of the date hereof. 

3. I have reviewed the terms of the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement and I have made, or have caused to be made under my supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and financial condition of Seller during the accounting period covered by the financial statements attached (or most recently delivered to Administrative Agent if none are attached). 

4. I am not aware of any facts, or pending developments that have caused, or may in the future cause the Market Value of any Purchased Asset to decline at any time within the reasonably foreseeable future. 

5. As of the date hereof, and since the date of the certificate most recently delivered pursuant to Article 11(x) of the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, Seller has observed or performed all of its covenants and other agreements in all material respects, and satisfied in all material respects, every condition, contained in the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement and the related documents to be observed, performed or satisfied by it. 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 6. The examinations described in Paragraph 3 above did not disclose, and I have no knowledge of, the existence of any condition or event which constitutes an Event of Default or Potential Event of Default during or at the end of the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements or as of the date of this Covenant Compliance Certificate (including after giving effect to any pending Transactions requested to be entered into), except as set forth below. 

7. As of the date hereof, each of the representations and warranties made by Seller in the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement are true, correct and complete in all material respects with the same force and effect as if made on and as of the date hereof, except as to the extent disclosed in a Requested Exceptions Report. 

8. Attached as Exhibit 1 hereto is a description of all interests of Affiliates of Seller in any Underlying Mortgaged Property (including without limitation, any lien, encumbrance or other debt or equity position or other interest in the Underlying Mortgaged Property that is senior or junior to, or pari passu with, a Mortgage Asset in right of payment or priority). 

9. To the extent that the same have not been made publically available on the SEC website as of the date hereof, attached as Exhibit 2 hereto are the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Article 11 of the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement (or, if none are required to be delivered as of the date of this Covenant Compliance Certificate, the financial statements most recently delivered or deemed delivered pursuant to Article 11 of the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement), which financial statements, to the best of my knowledge after due inquiry, fairly and accurately present in all material respects, the financial condition and operations of Seller as of the date or with respect to the period therein specified, determined in accordance with the requirements set forth in Article 11 . 

10. Attached as Exhibit 3 hereto are the calculations demonstrating compliance with the financial covenants set forth in the Guarantee Agreement. 

11. As of the date hereof, all representations and warranties made on the applicable Purchase Date with respect to each Purchased Asset and as set forth on Exhibit V of the Master Repurchase and Securities Agreement remain true, complete and correct except as to the extent disclosed in a Requested Exceptions Report. 

To the extent that Financial Statements are being delivered in connection with this Covenant Compliance Certificate, Seller hereby makes the following representations and warranties: (i) it is in compliance with all of the terms and conditions of the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement and (ii) it has no claim or offset against Administrative Agent and/or any Buyer under the Transaction Documents. 
 
 To the best of my knowledge, Seller has, during the period since the delivery of the immediately preceding Covenant Compliance Certificate, observed or performed all of its covenants and other agreements in all material respects, and satisfied in all material respects every condition, contained in the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement and the related documents to be observed, performed or satisfied by it, and I have no knowledge of the occurrence during such period, or present existence, of any condition or event which constitutes an Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (including after giving effect to any pending Transactions requested to be entered into), except as set forth below. 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Described below are the exceptions, if any, to the foregoing paragraphs, listing, in detail, the nature of the condition or event, the period during which it has existed and the action which Guarantor or Seller has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect to each such condition or event: 

The foregoing certifications, together with the financial statements, updates, reports, materials, calculations and other information set forth in any exhibit or other attachment hereto, or otherwise covered by this Covenant Compliance Certificate, are made and delivered this [ ] day of [ ], 202[ ]. 
 
 CMTG GS FINANCE LLC , 
 a Delaware limited liability company 

By: 		 Name: 
 Title: 

CLAROS MORTGAGE TRUST, INC. , 
 a Maryland corporation 

By: 		 Name: 
 Title: 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 EXHIBIT X 
 
 UCC FILING JURISDICTIONS 
 
 Delaware 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 EXHIBIT XI 

FORM OF SERVICER NOTICE 
 
 [DATE] 

[SERVICER] [ADDRESS] 
 Attention: 	 
 
 Re: Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2022, by and among GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank, as administrative agent (in such capacity, together with its permitted successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent for GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank (in such capacity, and together with such other financial institutions from time to time party thereto and their respective successors and assigns, collectively Buyers and individually, each a Buyer ), Buyers and CMTG GS FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Seller (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time, the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement ); (capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement). 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 
 [ 	 ] (the Servicer is servicing certain mortgage assets sold by Seller to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, pursuant to the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement (the Purchased Assets pursuant to a servicing agreement dated as of [ 	 ] between Servicer and Seller (the Servicing Agreement ). Servicer is hereby notified that, pursuant to the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, Seller has sold the Purchased Assets to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, on a servicing-released basis, and has granted a security interest to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, in the Purchased Assets. 
 
 In accordance with Seller s requirements under the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, Seller hereby notifies and instructs Servicer, and Servicer hereby agrees that Servicer shall 
 (a) segregate all amounts collected on account of the Purchased Assets, (b) hold the Purchased Assets in trust for Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, (c) immediately following the receipt thereof by Servicer, deposit all collections of income to the Collection Account at [ 	 ], ABA # [ 
 	 ], Account # [ 	 ] and (d) in accordance with the terms of the Servicing Agreement, remit all such income (net of any deductions permitted under Section [ ] of the Servicing Agreement), to the Depository Account at [ 		 ], ABA # [ 	 ], Account # [ 	 ]. Upon receipt of a notice of Event of Default under the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement from Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, Servicer shall only follow the instructions of Administrative Agent with respect to the Purchased Assets, and shall deliver to Administrative Agent any information with respect to the Purchased Assets reasonably requested by Administrative Agent. 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Servicer hereby agrees that, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Servicing Agreement or in any other agreement which exists between Servicer and Seller in respect of any Purchased Asset, (i) Servicer is servicing the Purchased Assets for the joint benefit of Seller and Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, (ii) Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, is expressly intended to be a third-party beneficiary under the Servicing Agreement, and (iii) Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, may, at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default under the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, terminate the Servicing Agreement and any other such agreement immediately upon the delivery of written notice thereof to Servicer and/or in any event transfer servicing to Administrative Agent s, on behalf of Buyers, designee, at no cost or expense to Administrative Agent, it being agreed that Seller will pay any and all fees required to terminate the Servicing Agreement and any other such agreement and to effectuate the transfer of servicing to the designee of Administrative Agent in accordance with this Servicer Notice. 
 
 Notwithstanding any contrary information or direction which may be delivered to Servicer by Seller, Servicer may conclusively rely on any information, direction or notice of an Event of Default under the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement delivered by Administrative Agent, and, so long as an Event of Default under the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement exists at such time, Seller shall indemnify and hold Servicer harmless for any and all claims asserted against Servicer for any actions taken in good faith by Servicer in connection with the delivery of such information, direction or notice of any such Event of Default. 
 
 No provision of this letter or any Servicing Agreement may be amended, countermanded or otherwise modified without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent. Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, is an intended third party beneficiary of this letter. 
 
 Please acknowledge receipt and your agreement to the terms of this instruction letter by signing in the signature block below and forwarding an executed copy to Administrative Agent promptly upon receipt. Any notices to Administrative Agent should be delivered to the following address: [ 	 ]. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York 
 state-chartered bank 

By: 	 Name: 
 Title: 

[SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE] 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED TO: 
 
 CMTG GS FINANCE LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 

By: 	 Name: 
 Title: 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 EXHIBIT XII 
 
 FORM OF RELEASE LETTER 
 
 [Date] 
 
 GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA 
 200 West Street 
 New York, New York 10282 Attention:	Mr. Jeffrey Dawkins 
 
 Re: Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2022 by and among GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank, as administrative agent (in such capacity, together with its permitted successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent for GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank (in such capacity, and together with such other financial institutions from time to time party thereto and their respective successors and assigns, collectively Buyers and individually, each a Buyer ), Buyers and CMTG GS FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Seller (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time, the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement ); (capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement). 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 
 With respect to the Purchased Assets described in the attached Schedule A (the Purchased Assets (a) we hereby certify to you that the Purchased Assets are not subject to a lien of any third party, and (b) we hereby release all right, interest or claim of any kind other than any rights under the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement with respect to such Purchased Assets, such release to be effective automatically without further action by any party upon payment by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, of the amount of the Purchase Price contemplated under the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement (calculated in accordance with the terms thereof) in accordance with the wiring instructions set forth in the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement. 

Very truly yours, 

CMTG GS FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

By: 	 Name: 
 Title: 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Schedule A 
 
 [List of Purchased Asset Documents] 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 EXHIBIT XIII 
 
 RESERVED 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 EXHIBIT XIV 
 
 FORM OF CUSTODIAL DELIVERY CERTIFICATE 
 
 On this 	 of 	 , 202 , CMTG GS FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Seller under that certain Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2022 (the Repurchase Agreement among GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank, as administrative agent (in such capacity, together with its permitted successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent for GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank (in such capacity, and together with such other financial institutions from time to time party thereto and their respective successors and assigns, collectively Buyers and individually, each a Buyer ), Buyers and Seller, does hereby deliver to [ ] Custodian ), as custodian under that certain Amended and Restated Custodial Agreement, dated as of [ 	 ]	(the Custodial Agreement ), among Administrative Agent, Custodian and Seller, the Purchased Asset Files with respect to the Purchased Assets to be purchased by Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, pursuant to the Repurchase Agreement, which Purchased Assets are listed on the Purchased Asset Schedule attached hereto and which Purchased Assets shall be subject to the terms of the Custodial Agreement on the date hereof. 
 
 With respect to the Purchased Asset Files delivered hereby, for the purposes of issuing the Trust Receipt, the Custodian shall review the Purchased Asset Files to ascertain delivery of the documents listed in Section [ ] to the Custodial Agreement. 
 
 Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Custodial Agreement. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller has caused its name to be signed hereto by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 CMTG GS FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

By: 	 Name: 
 Title: 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Purchased Asset Schedule to Custodial Delivery Certificate 
 
 Purchased Assets 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

FORM OF BAILEE LETTER 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 EXHIBIT XV 
 
 	 , 202 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 
 Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time, the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement) by and among by and among GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank, as administrative agent (in such capacity, together with its permitted successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent for GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank (in such capacity, and together with such other financial institutions from time to time party thereto and their respective successors and assigns, collectively Buyers and individually, each a Buyer ), Buyers and CMTG GS FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Seller ). In consideration of the mutual promises set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Seller, Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and [ 	 ] (the Bailee hereby agree as follows: 
 
 (a) Seller shall deliver to the Bailee in connection with any Purchased Assets delivered to the Bailee hereunder, the Custodial Identification Certificate attached hereto as Attachment 1. 

(b) On or prior to the date indicated on the Custodial Identification Certificate delivered by Seller (the Funding Date ), Seller shall have delivered to the Bailee, as bailee for hire, the original documents set forth on Schedule A attached hereto (collectively, the Purchased Asset File for each of the Purchased Assets (each a Purchased Asset and collectively, the Purchased Assets listed in Exhibit A to Attachment 1 attached thereto. 

(c) The Bailee shall issue and deliver to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and [ 

] (the Custodian on or prior to the Funding Date by electronic mail (a) in the name of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, an initial trust receipt and certification in the form of Attachment 2 attached hereto (the Bailee s Trust Receipt and Certification which Bailee s Trust Receipt and Certification shall state that the Bailee has received the documents comprising the Purchased Asset File as set forth in the Custodial Delivery Certificate. 
 
 (d) On the applicable Funding Date, in the event that Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, fails to purchase from Seller the Purchased Assets identified in the related Custodial Identification Certificate, Administrative Agent shall deliver by electronic mail to the Bailee to the attention of [ 	 ] at [ 	 ], an authorization (the Electronic Authorization to release the Purchased Asset Files with respect to the Purchased Assets identified therein to Seller. Upon receipt of such 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Electronic Authorization, the Bailee shall release the Purchased Asset Files to Seller in accordance with Seller s instructions. 
 
 (e) Following the Funding Date and the funding of the Purchase Price, the Bailee shall forward the Purchased Asset Files to the Custodian at [ 	 ], by insured overnight courier for receipt by the Custodian no later than 1:00 p.m. on the third (3 rd Business Day following the applicable Funding Date (the Delivery Date ). 

(f) From and after the applicable Funding Date until the time of receipt of the Electronic Authorization or the Delivery Date, as applicable, the Bailee (a) shall maintain continuous custody (and will forward in accordance with clause (e) above) and control of the related Purchased Asset Files as bailee for Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, and (b) is holding the related Purchased Assets as sole and exclusive bailee for Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, unless and until otherwise instructed in writing by Administrative Agent. 

(g) Seller agrees to indemnify and hold the Bailee and its partners, directors, officers, agents and employees harmless against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever, including reasonable attorneys fees, that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against it or them in any way relating to or arising out of this Bailee Letter or any action taken or not taken by it or them hereunder unless such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements (other than special, indirect, punitive or consequential damages, which shall in no event be paid by the Bailee) were imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Bailee because of the breach by the Bailee of its obligations hereunder, which breach was caused by gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Bailee or any of its partners, directors, officers, agents or employees. The foregoing indemnification shall survive any resignation or removal of the Bailee or the termination or assignment of this Bailee Letter. 

(h) In the event that the Bailee fails to produce any document in a Purchased Asset File related to a Purchased Asset that is (or was required to be) then in its possession within ten (10) business days after required or requested by Seller or Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers (a Delivery Failure ), the Bailee shall indemnify and hold Administrative Agent and the Buyers, harmless against actual out of pocket liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever, including reasonable attorneys fees, that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against it in any way relating to or arising out of such Delivery Failure (but excluding special, indirect, punitive or consequential damages). 

(i) Seller agrees to indemnify and hold Administrative Agent, Buyers and their respective affiliates and designees harmless against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever, including reasonable attorneys fees, that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against it or them in any way relating to or arising out of a Custodial Delivery Failure (as defined in the Custodial Agreement) or the Bailee s negligence, lack of good faith or willful misconduct. The foregoing indemnification shall survive any termination or assignment of this Bailee Letter. 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 (j) Seller hereby represents, warrants and covenants that the Bailee is not an affiliate of or otherwise controlled by Seller. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties hereby acknowledge that the Bailee hereunder may act as counsel to Seller in connection with a proposed transaction and [ 	 ], has represented Seller in connection with negotiation, execution and delivery of the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement. 

(k) The agreement set forth in this Bailee Letter may not be modified, amended or altered, except by written instrument, executed by all of the parties hereto. 

(l) This Bailee Letter may not be assigned by Seller or the Bailee without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent. 

(m) For the purpose of facilitating the execution of this Bailee Letter as herein provided and for other purposes, this Bailee Letter may be executed simultaneously in any number of counterparts, each of which counterparts shall be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts shall constitute and be one and the same instrument. Electronically transmitted signature pages shall be binding to the same extent. 

(n) This Bailee Letter shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws. 

(o) Capitalized terms used herein and defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Repurchase Agreement. 

[SIGNATURES COMMENCE ON FOLLOWING PAGE] 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 CMTG GS FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Seller 

By: 		 Name: 
 Title: 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 
 
 [ 	 ], as Bailee 

By: 		 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 
 
 GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, 
 
 a New York state-chartered bank, as Administrative Agent, 

By: 		 Name: 
 Title: 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Schedule A 
 
 [List of Purchased Asset Documents] 

LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Attachment 1 
 
 CUSTODIAL IDENTIFICATION CERTIFICATE 
 
 On this [ ] day of [ ], 202[_], [TBD SELLER] Seller ), under that certain Bailee Agreement of even date herewith (the Bailee Agreement ), among Seller, [ ] (the Bailee ), and GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank, as Administrative Agent, does hereby instruct the Bailee to hold, in its capacity as Bailee, the Purchased Asset Files with respect to the Purchased Assets listed on Exhibit A hereto, which Purchased Assets shall be subject to the terms of the Bailee Agreement as of the date hereof. 
 
 Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Bailee Agreement. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller has caused this Identification Certificate to be executed and delivered by its duly authorized officer as of the day and year first above written. 

CMTG GS FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

By: 	 Name: 
 Title: 

- 2 - 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Exhibit A to Attachment 1 PURCHASED ASSET SCHEDULE 

- 3 - 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 Attachment 2 
 
 FORM OF BAILEE S TRUST RECEIPT AND CERTIFICATION 
 
 [ 	 ], 202 
 
 GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 Re: Bailee Letter, dated as of [ 	 ] (the Bailee Letter among CMTG GS FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Seller ), GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, a New York state-chartered bank, as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent and [ 		 ] (the Bailee 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 
 In accordance with the provisions of Paragraph (c) of the above-referenced Bailee Letter, the undersigned, as the Bailee, hereby certifies that as to each Purchased Asset described in the Purchased Asset Schedule Exhibit A to Attachment 1), a copy of which is attached hereto, it has reviewed the Purchased Asset File Exhibit B to Attachment 1) and has determined that (i) all documents listed in the Purchased Asset File are in its possession and (ii) such documents have been reviewed by it and appear regular on their face and relate to such Purchased Asset. 
 
 The Bailee hereby confirms that it is holding each such Purchased Asset File as agent and bailee for the exclusive use and benefit of Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, pursuant to the terms of the Bailee Letter. 
 
 All initially capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the above-referenced Bailee Letter. 
 
 [ 	 ], BAILEE 

By: 	 Name: 
 Title: 

cc: [Custodian] 

- 4 - 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 EXHIBIT XVI 
 
 RESERVED 

- 5 - 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 
 
 EXHIBIT XVII 
 
 FUTURE FUNDING ADVANCE PROCEDURES 
 
 (a) Submission of Future Funding Due Diligence Package . Seller shall deliver to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, a due diligence package (the Future Funding Due Diligence Package for Administrative Agent s review and approval, which shall contain the following items: 

1. The executed request for advance (which shall include Seller s approval of such Future Funding); 

2. The executed borrower s affidavit; 

3. The fund control agreement (or escrow agreement, if funding through escrow); 

4. Certified copies of all relevant trade contracts; 

5. The title policy endorsement for the advance; 

6. Certified copies of any tenant leases; 

7. Certified copies of any service contracts; 

8. Updated financial statements, operating statements and rent rolls, if applicable; 

9. Evidence of required insurance; and 

10. Updates to the engineering report, if required. 

(b) Approval of Future Funding Advance . Conditioned upon the timely and satisfactory completion of Seller s requirements in clause (a) above, Administrative Agent shall, no less than three (3) Business Days prior to the proposed date of the Future Funding Advance (1) notify Seller in writing (which may take the form of electronic mail format) that Administrative Agent has not approved the proposed Future Funding Amount or (2) notify Seller in writing (which may take the form of electronic mail format) that Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, has approved the proposed Future Funding Amount. Administrative Agent s failure to respond to Seller on or prior to three (3) Business Days prior to the proposed Future Funding Advance shall be deemed to be a denial of Seller s request that Buyers approve the proposed Future Funding Advance, unless Buyers and Administrative Agent, on behalf of Buyers, have agreed otherwise in writing. 

- 6 - 
 LEGAL_US_E # 160815361.8 

</EX-10>

<EX-23>
 3
 cmtg-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-269190) and Form S-8 (No. 333-265283) of Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. of our report dated February 16, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Boston, MA February 16, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 cmtg-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Richard J. Mack, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 ; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 16, 2023 
 
 /s/ Richard J. Mack 

Richard J. Mack Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 cmtg-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Jai Agarwal, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 202 2; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 16, 2023 
 
 /s/ Jai Agarwal 

Jai Agarwal Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 cmtg-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 The following certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and in accordance with SEC Release No. 33-8238. This certification shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall it be incorporated by reference in any filing of Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 I, Richard J. Mack, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. 

Date: February 16, 2023 
 
 /s/ Richard J. Mack 

Richard J. Mack Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. and will be retained by Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 7
 cmtg-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 The following certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and in accordance with SEC Release No. 33-8238. This certification shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall it be incorporated by reference in any filing of Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc.. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 I, Jai Agarwal, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. 

Date: February 16, 2023 
 
 /s/ Jai Agarwal 

Jai Agarwal Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. and will be retained by Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cmtg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cmtg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 cmtg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 cmtg-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 cmtg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

